Cheap Flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale from $25 | (CLE - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW CLE - FLL Find cheap flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale from $25 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/3. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:30 am - 8:24 amCLE-FLL 2h 54mnonstop 8:50 pm - 11:46 pmFLL-CLE 2h 56mnonstop $38Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 4 - Thu, Jan 11 8:08 am - 11:03 amCLE-FLL 2h 55mnonstop 1:58 pm - 4:54 pmFLL-CLE 2h 56mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Thu, Dec 14 5:30 am - 8:24 amCLE-FLL 2h 54mnonstop 7:04 pm - 10:00 pmFLL-CLE 2h 56mnonstop $40Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sat, Dec 16 5:30 am - 8:24 amCLE-FLL 2h 54mnonstop 9:13 pm - 12:06 amFLL-CLE 2h 53mnonstop $45Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 4 - Tue, Jan 9 5:30 am - 8:24 amCLE-FLL 2h 54mnonstop 3:40 pm - 6:52 pmFLL-CLE 3h 12mnonstop $48 Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Wed, Jan 10 11:18 am - 2:25 pmCLE-FLL 3h 07mnonstop 3:50 pm - 6:46 pmFLL-CLE 2h 56mnonstop $55Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 27 11:14 am - 2:08 pmCLE-FLL 2h 54mnonstop 5:24 pm - 8:31 pmFLL-CLE 3h 07mnonstop $62Frontier Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Fri, Jan 19 9:21 pm - 12:18 amCLE-FLL 2h 57mnonstop 8:15 pm - 11:11 pmFLL-CLE 2h 56mnonstop $70 Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Sat, Feb 3 5:40 pm - 12:23 amCLE-FLL 6h 43m1 stop 6:23 am - 1:12 pmFLL-CLE 6h 49m1 stop $170American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 2 - Sun, Feb 11 5:00 am - 12:33 pmCLE-FLL 7h 33m1 stop 5:00 am - 12:33 pmFLL-CLE 7h 33m1 stop $173American Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Mon, Jan 29 Show more results Flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? The average price of all flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Fort Lauderdale on a Tuesday and more expensive on a Friday. On your return trip to Cleveland, you should consider flying back on a Wednesday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale is October, where tickets cost $120 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are March and December, where the average cost of tickets is $265 and $246 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 2 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 7 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Spirit Airlines ($25) and Frontier ($26). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($38) and Frontier ($55). Which airlines fly non-stop between Cleveland and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale. They are: Frontier, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $44 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Cleveland and Fort Lauderdale per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 4 nonstop flights that take off from Cleveland and land in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 2h 59m. The most common departure time is 8:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 24 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Cleveland and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale take? Direct flights take on average 2h 53m to travel the 1,064 miles between Cleveland and Fort Lauderdale. What’s the earliest departure time from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Cleveland at 5:30 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 8:24 am. What’s the latest departure time from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 3:38 pm and lands at 6:45 pm. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $25 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 38% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 35% increase in price. Flight from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale How can I fly from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? You will get nonstop flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale daily. United Airlines and Spirit Airlines offer nonstop flight deals to Cleveland from Fort Lauderdale. However, most major airlines operating on this route have at least a single stop en route. American Airlines, Delta, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines offer single-stop flight deals from CLE to FLL. These flights have a layover in Atlanta, Detroit, Myrtle Beach, Tampa, or Charlotte. What are the transport options from Downtown Cleveland to the airport? Greater Cleveland Regional Transit Authority’s Red Line offers quick and convenient transit from Downtown Cleveland to the airport. The train runs from Cleveland’s Downtown Tower City Station to the CLE’s Airport Station on the terminal complex, and a single trip takes less than 30min. It operates daily from around 4 am to around 12:30 am. Payments are either cash, credit, or debit cards. You can also use Lyft, Uber, and Shared-ride vans like Super Shuttle. Lastly, you can use airport shuttles like the Blue Van that runs from various city areas to the airport. What are the parking options at Cleveland Hopkins airport? CLE offers about five parking options available for 24h daily. The Smart Parking Garage has intelligent systems that assist drivers in getting to the open parking lots using LED lights and electronic signage. Parking is also available in Red Lot, Blue Lot, Orange Lot, Brown Lot, and Curbside Valet. The Valet Parking option is ideal for those looking to drop off and drive away. All the parking options have hourly and daily rates and accept payments through credit cards. What assistance is given to passengers at Fort Lauderdale airport? FLL is fully-compliant with ADA policies. All the restrooms within the airport are wheelchair-accessible to ensure equal access to those with reduced mobility. It also offers TYY phones for those with speech and hearing impairments and visual paging monitors. Additionally, it provides wheelchair-accessible transportation within the airport. Make reservations in advance to use Yellow Cab or the Broward County Transit and the TriRail feeder buses that are wheelchair equipped.I Do I need a passport to fly between Cleveland and Fort Lauderdale? No Which airports will I be using when flying from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? When flying out of Cleveland you will be using Cleveland Hopkins Intl. You will be landing at Fort Lauderdale, also known as Fort Lauderdale. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale flight route: Delta, American Airlines, Sun Country Air, JetBlue, Air Canada, and Aeromexico. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Cleveland and Fort Lauderdale. On which days can I fly direct from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? There are nonstop flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $356 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $366 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from Cleveland is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to Cleveland with another airline. Booking your flights between Cleveland and FLL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from Cleveland up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from CLE to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $40 or less one-way and $82 or less round-trip. If your flight is set to arrive late at Fort Lauderdale International Airport (FLL), you can get an overnight stay at a hotel near the airport. Consider staying at Hilton Garden Inn Fort Lauderdale Airport-Cruise Port. It is just a short drive from the airport, provides cozy accommodations, and offers free airport shuttle services. Cleveland Hopkins International Airport (CLE) provides quiet and private locations for breastfeeding and pumping. CLE’s Mothers Room has two rooms and a common seating area for children. Each room has a power outlet, changing table, and sink. Key Bank has nine ATMs spread throughout CLE in the following locations: Concourse A, Concourse B, Concourse C, Main Terminal next to the South Checkpoint, Baggage Claim, Ticketing Area, Passenger Bridge in Level 3, and Rental car facility. FLL is the main airport serving flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale. You can also fly into Miami International Airport (MIA), located about 27 miles from FLL. However, flying into FLL is more affordable and convenient if you’re visiting areas around Downtown Fort Lauderdale. If you're traveling with your service animal or pet out from CLE, there are two pet relief areas you can utilize. One is between the North and Central checkpoint, and the other is between the parking garage and the terminal entrance. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Cleveland Hopkins Intl to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from Hopkins Intl to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Cleveland Hopkins Intl to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 Tuesday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 Wednesday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 Thursday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 Friday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 Saturday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 Sunday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to Cleveland Hopkins Intl Search Flights Monday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 Tuesday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 Wednesday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 Thursday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 Friday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 Saturday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 Sunday Azul, Frontier, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Azul, Frontier, +2 more 1 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 79food 88crew 85overall 78entertainment 82comfort 85boarding Airline reviews Because of the airline changed flight schedules, they shortened my time with my family a day. They offered m to change the flights - on a holiday week there is nothing available. VERY DISAPPOINTINGRead more about Alaska Airlines Because of the airline changed flight schedules, they shortened my time with my family a day. They offered m to change the flights - on a holiday week there is nothing available. VERY DISAPPOINTING Pros: "good legroom and I am 6 feet tall." Cons: "A hook or something to support your phone so you don't have to hold it when you are watching the in-flight entertainment. they need to clean the plane better." Pros: "Even though I was in Group C, I was one of the first to board (Groups A, B, and C were called to board all at once). Since the gate agent said the flight was full and there would be limited space for carry-on bags, being one of the first on the plane was nice. The leg room (I'm 6'2") was good." Cons: "The crew only did one pass through the cabin with soft drinks. Perhaps because it was a red-eye? Anyway, on a nearly 5 hour flight, I would have liked more than one small cup of refreshment." Pros: "I liked the free movies to pass the time and that drinks came twice." Cons: "I like the Flights where I can order food and drink without waiting for a cart... or for a long flight, more chances to order food so I am not ordering once. Have the ability to pay a tab at my seat." Cons: "Weird arm rests wouldn’t move all the way up, older seats were showing wear, but not overly uncomfortable" Pros: "Good boarding process. Comfortable and shirt flight. Friendly crew. Limited drink offerings but green beer or wine offered." Cons: "No bathroom on plane (not announced before hand). Limited luggage storage space." Pros: "Smooth trip" Cons: "I miss Virgin America so much! Alaska is just another airline." Pros: "Plane was clean, spacious, entertainment system was great, lots of food offerings. Will fly this airline and aircraft again!" Cons: "Announcements via intercom too rushed, unclear and poorly pronounced. The speaker needs to pronounce each word, and the end of each word clearly." Pros: "Friendly crew. Plenty to watch on screen. Flight on time. Baggage at carousel very fast. Air temperature in cabin good. Often I freeze on other airlines." Cons: "Should be choice of free snacks. Not just 2 cookies. No music to listen to. Besides handicapped and babies, boarding should be back of the plane to the front. So much more efficient!! Bathroom needs an air freshener." Pros: "I like the free Wi-Fi free movies and the free Beverages and snacks oh and the flight was good too" Pros: "The ability to purchase headphones and a blanket for a fair price." Cons: "There was a child (guessing) with gas that made the air quality unpleasant several times." Pros: "Crew was kind and very helpful. Also, I found the seats to be comfortable and didn’t feel squished. There was plenty of leg room. Great experience overall. Thank you!" Cons: "Absolutely nothing! Was a fantastic experience!!!!" Pros: "Nice plane, amenities" Cons: "Better information about perpetual delays - honesty about delay. Information to respond appropriately." Pros: "All fine except that entertainment was curtailed becasue of flying to Cuba" Pros: "Jet blue was on time and there's plenty of snacks" Pros: "Crew was nice and the flight was fine" Cons: "I was quite shocked that the seat I had originally been put in the head phone jack and The Wholearea where the channel changes was falling apart. I was able to switch seats due to flight being not full but that would be annoying. I also was weirded out that they did not ha e touch screens. In general the plane just seemed old and dirty to me." Pros: "They unloaded the entire plane and put me on a flight 5 hours later" Cons: "Avoid Jet Blue the employees have not ever taken curtesy training" Pros: "More leg room Affordable prices Snacks dunkin donut coffee Pleasant flight attendant Punctuality" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "The crew was very helpful with updates." Cons: "The flight was delayed. Got in very late, but the crew kept us informed of what was going on." Pros: "Very nice people and helpful. Good attitude" Cons: "Board was a bit disorganized and took much longer than I am used to even on full planes" Cons: "Assigning seats at check in? Why was that a thing? Also why did we have to wait for almost an hour once we landed to be given a gate for us to unload? So stupid the whole thing." Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Pros: "The crew was amazing, the seats were super comfortable, entertainment was great, lots of movies to choose from. Also they handed out a lot of great snacks" Cons: "The delay was totally unexpected and frustrating particularly when no bad weather around!" Cons: "The Delta flight leaving Cleveland was a hour and a half late so we could not make our connection to get home and had to overnight in Minneapolis. This is the fourth time in six flights For Delta. I think the Kayak booking algorithm needs to allow more time between connecting flights." Cons: "Passengers should have the option to ask for additional snacks." Cons: "Had to collect & re check luggage between flights. Couldn't they have been transferred to the next aircraft?" Pros: "We had purchased economy tickets and got assigned seats that were not next to each other. As we were boarding the ticket person gave us a new seat assignment closer to the front and next to each other – we really appreciated and liked it. Makes me want to fly Delta again!" Cons: "we began the boarding process late, which can be understandable, although the plane was there pretty early. Once the boarding began, someone, I presume the gate agent, essentially gave a countdown to hhow many minutes were left until the flight could have an "on time departure". I travel nearly every week so I value being on time. However, a minute by minute call to hurry up on a flight that was sold out was over the top. There was mumbling among the passengers, to the point of someone joking "Free cookies and water if we make it on time?" Just a bad gate experience, but bad enough that peopoe were commenting, and I waited for someone from the cockpit to del\part so I could mention it to them." My luggage was lost during this connecting flight for nearly my ENTIRE 2 week stay in europe, this issue no doubt instigated by my original flight being delayed 6hrs I did not pack my "personal item" with anything of consequence, I had to buy CLOTHES & TOILETRIES TO LAST ME 2 WEEKS From the moment I walked into the airport in Chicago to the moment I was walking off the plane in Florida I had an unforgettable experience! I was traveling with my 3 month old by myself and everyone just made sure I was taken care of. I couldn’t thank them enough! Cons: "My eyes were watering and my nose was itchy for the entire flight and I had to hold back sneezes and I think there was something in the air on the plane that was causing this to happen. I was double-masking and I do not have allergies. I wonder if it had to do with the chemicals used to disinfect the plane between flights? I was not very comfortable, to say the least. Everything else was great, though, but I don’t think I will be flying again anytime soon." Pros: "Amazing" Cons: "More room I pay for main cabin It feels it was just the regular" Pros: "The crew was great! The ride was smooth and the plane looked brand new!" Pros: "The crew" Cons: "I just don’t understand how a flight can be delayed three hours from weather the day before. And, of course, we arrived and there was no gate for us. They had three hours to have a gate ready for us. AA fail!" Pros: "Standard AA domestic flight. Once we were boarded and underway, things were fine. Crew was friendly, the aircraft was cleaned on the turn from the prior flight, and we didn't sit on the tarmac too long when arriving at DFW. Normal operations for AA domestic." Cons: "Unfortunately, normal operations for AA domestic means boarding 20-30 minutes late, which delayed the arrival a bit. In general, AA could provide more accurate updates and boarding information for their flights. For example, if the inbound aircraft arrives at the time my flight should be boarding, I want to see an updated departure time, rather than maintaining the "on time" status right up until five minutes before the new boarding time. Generally it takes 25-30 minutes to turn the plane for the next outbound flight." Pros: "The crew was excellent. Stewardess was cheerful and helpful. The flight while full was not crowded." Cons: "Plane was late. Mechanical issue at the gate after boarding. Seating room pretty tight. Three gate chanes at O'Hare." Pros: "Like my AA rides > 90% of the time. The usual prob is sketchy gogo service." Cons: "Nogo gogo" Pros: "The crew on both flights to Cancun were very nice!! thanks" Cons: "We were delayed out of Chicago. I missed my connection and had to take an extra flight to reach my destination" Pros: "Getting off the plane" Cons: "I did not know I purchase a BE ticket. Was asked to pay $175 for the suit bag i had in addition to my computer bag. I was also place in a seat that does not recline. Very poor value at any cost." Pros: "That seats next to me were empty so I was able to sleep comfortably." Cons: "That my ears don't work well, so it's hard to hear the movies." Pros: "Boarding was easy and there was plenty of overhead space for my carry on luggage" Cons: "Coach cabin was not spacious at all. Very little leg room and the aisles seemed very cramped. Also, the seats weren't particularly comfortable." Pros: "Plane was amazing. Crew great." Cons: "Portion of food was extremely small.music selection could be more up to date." Cons: "That I was charged for the flight again or they wouldn't let me on the plane" Pros: "The free inflight entertainment was very good." Cons: "I was very upset that the gate agent stated that the overhead bins were full and that I would need to check my carry on bag, which i did. However upon boarding the plane, there were multiple overhead bins that were actually empty. I do not appreciate being lied to by the gate agent and being forced to check my bag when there was plenty of overhead bin space available. Moreover, I waited for nearly 30 minutes for my then checked bag to come through the baggage carousel after deplaning. This is far too long to have to wait for a bag after a 5.5 hour flight, especially when it was a carry on bag I was forced to check despite there being ample room in the overhead bins. Very disappointing and unnecessary aggrevation. Additionally, there was some slight turbulence during the flight for which the captain turned on the seat belt sign and everyone was requested to return to their seats. A few minutes later there were still some people standing in the aisles waiting to use the restroom, at which point a female flight attendant came on the intercom and stated, "I will try to make this as simple as possible for you to understand..." She then carried on explaining in a very rude and sarcastic tone the safety reasoning behind asking the standing passengers to return to their seats. While her frustration with people not returning to their seats was understandable, her tone of voice and sarcastic demeanor was not professional, and quite unappreciated. My overall experience with United could have been much more pleasant but for these instances. I feel these couple of bad experiences could have been easily prevented which would have led to a much more enjoyable experience with United. Unfortunately, because of these things, I will think twice about flying with United in the future." Pros: "I had a very pleasnt experience except the seat rows were SO small and my seat didn't recline. I am only 5ft 4in and I felt uncomfortable. The woman next to me was cleary very uncomfortable. This was my first time flying United in a while and I will definitely avoid UA in the future for long flights." Pros: "Great service. Polite. Got our flight in 30 minutes early which I didn't know was possible." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/3Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 54mCLE-FLL $25 Search 1/29Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 57mCLE-FLL $26 Search 12/11Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 54mCLE-FLL $27 Search 1/14Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 54mCLE-FLL $31 Search 2/2Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 43mCLE-FLL $85 Search 5/8Wed 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 6h 44mCLE-FLL $158 Search 3/24Sun 1 stopDelta 6h 52mCLE-FLL $179 Search 3/1Fri 1 stopDelta 8h 21mCLE-FLL $208 Search 2/2Fri 2 stopsUnited Airlines 13h 10mCLE-FLL $246 Search 3/1Fri 2 stopsUnited Airlines 12h 09mCLE-FLL $255 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$160 or less$210 or less$260 or less Last minute flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 55mCLE-FLL 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 53mFLL-CLE $47 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 55mCLE-FLL 12/19Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 53mFLL-CLE $65 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 55mCLE-FLL 12/8Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 53mFLL-CLE $66 Search 12/2Sat nonstopFrontier 3h 07mCLE-FLL 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 56mFLL-CLE $101 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 3h 07mCLE-FLL 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 56mFLL-CLE $111 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 38mCLE-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 38mFLL-CLE $315 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 52mCLE-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 02mFLL-CLE $320 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 6h 19mCLE-FLL 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 5h 25mFLL-CLE $348 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 39mCLE-FLL 12/3Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 54mFLL-CLE $478 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 9h 29mCLE-FLL 12/7Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 08mFLL-CLE $492 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$70 or less$100 or less$320 or less$350 or less$490 or less Cleveland - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: Cleveland (CLE)United States Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - Cleveland Cabin classes: $952 First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $440 Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $41 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » United States » Ohio » Cleveland $38Flights from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $38Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Cleveland. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from Cleveland. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.