Cheap Flights from Newark Airport to Hyderabad from $424 | (EWR - HYD) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW EWR - HYD Find cheap flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad from $424 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/5. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Hyderabad These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Hyderabad. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Hyderabad. How much is the cheapest flight from Newark to Hyderabad?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Newark to Hyderabad that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:40 am - 9:25 amEWR-HYD 37h 15m1 stop 5:40 pm - 7:40 pmHYD-EWR 36h 30m1 stop $745United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Tue, Feb 6 9:40 am - 9:25 amEWR-HYD 37h 15m1 stop 1:55 am - 4:00 pmHYD-EWR 24h 35m1 stop $765 Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Tue, Feb 6 6:10 pm - 11:55 pmEWR-HYD 19h 15m1 stop 1:55 am - 2:00 pmHYD-EWR 22h 35m1 stop $779Lufthansa Find Deal Mon, Feb 5 - Tue, Feb 13 11:15 am - 12:25 pmEWR-HYD 38h 40m1 stop 10:30 pm - 7:55 amHYD-EWR 42h 55m2 stops $784Air India Find Deal Fri, Mar 8 - Sat, Mar 16 8:30 am - 11:55 pmEWR-HYD 28h 55m2 stops 1:55 am - 4:00 pmHYD-EWR 24h 35m1 stop $785Lufthansa Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Mon, Feb 5 7:40 pm - 11:55 pmEWR-HYD 17h 45m1 stop 1:55 am - 4:00 pmHYD-EWR 24h 35m1 stop $787Lufthansa Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Sun, Feb 4 12:05 pm - 9:45 pmEWR-HYD 24h 10m1 stop 5:05 pm - 7:55 amHYD-EWR 24h 20m1 stop $807Air India Find Deal Sun, Apr 21 - Thu, May 9 11:45 pm - 7:50 pmEWR-HYD 33h 35m2 stops 4:10 am - 9:10 pmHYD-EWR 27h 30m2 stops $942Emirates Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Thu, Feb 22 11:45 pm - 8:25 amEWR-HYD 22h 10m2 stops 10:00 am - 9:10 pmHYD-EWR 45h 40m2 stops $943Emirates Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Fri, Mar 1 6:50 pm - 7:45 amEWR-HYD 26h 25m2 stops 9:35 pm - 8:25 pmHYD-EWR 33h 20m2 stops $983SWISS Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sun, Feb 4 Show more results Flights from Newark to Hyderabad - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Newark to Hyderabad to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad? The average price of all flights from Newark Airport to Hyderabad clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Hyderabad on a Tuesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Friday is the most expensive day to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Tuesday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Newark Airport to Hyderabad? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Hyderabad, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Newark Airport to Hyderabad is September, where tickets cost $852 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,837 and $1,588 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Newark Airport to Hyderabad? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Hyderabad, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Newark Airport to Hyderabad, you should book around 3 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 49 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad were found on United Airlines ($745) and Lufthansa ($779). Air India proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $439. How long does a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad take? There are no direct flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad. The quickest journey takes 17h 45m. Good to know Low season September High season February Cheapest flight $424 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 24% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 9% lower on average. Flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad When to book flights from Newark to Hyderabad Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Newark to Hyderabad based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad flights Do US citizens need a visa in order to fly to Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (HYD)? Yes. Before you travel, you need to obtain either a paper visa or an e-visa. You will also need a passport that will still be valid 6 months after the date you enter India and it must have two blank pages for stamps. Have all your documents ready in order to expedite your processing time through passport control. Does Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (HYD) have on-site accommodations? Yes. If you want a freshen up or rest when you land at HYD, consider checking into the Airport Lodge, an accommodation that offers both dormitory-style and private rooms. The facility has a cafeteria and luggage storage and showers for an extra fee. Airport Lodge has rates for 6, 12, or 24 hours. How can I get from Manhattan to Newark Liberty International Airport on public transportation? Take the subway to Penn Station, where you can board an Amtrak bound for the Newark Train Station. At the Newark Train Station, catch an AirTrain, which can take you to all the terminals at EWR. Does Newark Liberty International Airport make any accommodations for travelers with emotional or cognitive challenges? Yes. EWR uses the Hidden Disabilities Sunflower Lanyard Program. If you struggle with challenges that are not immediately noticeable, such as autism or PTSD, you can sign up for the program and you will wear a sunflower lanyard so that the staff in the airport and on the airplane know that you need extra time and support negotiating the travel process. Where can I find the USO at Newark Liberty International Airport? The USO private military lounge is in Room 9 on Level 2 at Terminal B. Open every day from 9:00 am to 10:00 pm, this lounge offers services and facilities for free to active-duty personnel of the US military and their families. Some amenities include a play area for kids, devices for connectivity and entertainment, refreshments, and more. Does Newark Liberty International Airport have pet relief stations? Yes. Terminal A has an outdoor area in the courtyard on the west side of the terminal building. Terminal C has one in the courtyard on the east side of the terminal building. Terminal B has one in the courtyard on the south side of the terminal and three different ones indoors. Is there a car rental service on-site hotel at Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (HYD)? Rental cars offer a convenient way of traveling around on your own. Rajiv Gandhi International Airport offers car rental booths at the airport terminal. Off-airport car rental companies can be found at Hyderabad city center with most offering courtesy shuttle to and from the airport. Can I fly non-stop from New York to Hyderabad, Telangana, India? Currently, there are no nonstop flights from New York to Hyderabad, Telangana. Most airlines operating this route offer connecting flights with one to three stops along the way. So, if you want to arrive a little earlier to Telangana, you might want to consider airlines with one-stop layovers. Airlines like United Airlines, Air India, and British Airways have one-stop flight options. Is Newark International Airport (EWR) accessible for passengers with limited mobility? Newark Airport has facilities such as restrooms, elevators, parking lots, and drinking fountains that are wheelchair accessible. If you need help with your luggage, electric carts are provided in Terminal C. All transport services operating within the airport are ADA compliant, so movement is easy. For all wheelchairs and electric carts, passengers are required to contact their airline in advance. Is there parking available at Newark International Airport (EWR)? Newark International Airport offers a variety of parking options including short-term, valet, economy, and long-term parking. The airport also offers parking spaces for persons with disabilities at each parking lot near the entrance of the terminal. The airport encourages cashless payment methods, like credit and debit cards, and contactless payment. The parking fees vary depending on the parking option and the duration and average about $4-$39. Do I need a passport to fly between Newark Liberty Airport and Hyderabad? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad? On your way to Hyderabad, you’ll fly out from Newark. You’ll be landing at Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi Intl. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Newark Liberty Airport and Hyderabad, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Hyderabad from Newark Liberty Airport? Dubai is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad. Which is the best airline for flights from Newark to Hyderabad, Emirates or Lufthansa? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Newark to Hyderabad are Emirates and Lufthansa. With an average price for the route of $1,274 and an overall rating of 8.3, Emirates is the most popular choice. Lufthansa is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,010 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Hyderabad from Newark Liberty Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Hyderabad with an airline and back to Newark Liberty Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Newark Liberty Airport and HYD can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Hyderabad? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Hyderabad from Newark Liberty Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from EWR to Hyderabad If you are rushed or have a lot of luggage and need to take a taxi to Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR), the ride will cost you a standard rate to the airport plus an extra fee based on the time of day. You will also have to tip the driver, making the ride cost a total of $70 - $100. Airport Village at Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (HYD) is a good place to meet locals or friends who are meeting your plane. Airport Village features luggage storage and lockers as well as places to buy refreshments. You can buy a ticket to Airport Village that lasts for 1 hour. If you have time before your flight to India, check out the innovative artwork in Newark Liberty International Airport Terminal A that reflects the diversity and creativity of New Jersey. Departures and Arrivals have two permanent installations along with rotating exhibits by local artists. Newark International Airport (EWR) is located 3 miles south of Downtown Newark. The airport serves as a hub for United Airlines, one of the airlines with flights to Hyderabad, Telangana, India. All international flights at Newark International Airport can be found in Terminals B and C. Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (HYD) is the main international airport in Telangana, India. The airport is located 15 miles south of Hyderabad. Rajiv Gandhi International Airport is connected to Hyderabad city by NH 765 and NH 44 road. Driving to the airport from Hyderabad takes about 30-40min. If you're a traveling mother, Newark International Airport offers space for nursing. The airport has nursing suites located at different locations across all terminals. These areas offer comfortable seating, soft lighting, changing tables, and power outlets. For those that prefer shopping to pass time at the airport, Newark International Airport offers a variety of shopping options, including duty-free shops. You can buy skincare products at MAC shop duty-free shop near Gate 120 or buy a gift from the All You Need shop at B1 Connector. If you need some cash or want a foreign currency, Newark International Airport offers ATM and Foreign Exchange services at different locations. The services are offered by Travelex. You can find the ATM and Currency Exchange near Gate 120 in Terminal C. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Newark to Hyderabad See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Newark to Hyderabad. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Newark to Hyderabad? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 EmiratesOverall score based on 15746 reviews 82comfort 83boarding 84crew 80food 85entertainment 83overall Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was great" Cons: "The seats were pretty stiff compared to the A380 business class seats on my preceding flight."Read more about Emirates Pros: "Crew was great" Cons: "The seats were pretty stiff compared to the A380 business class seats on my preceding flight." Pros: "Crew was amazing." Cons: "Seats were a little narrow and could use new cushions." Pros: "The crew was great and the dinner was really good!" Cons: "Breakfast could have been better and the seat was pretty uncomfortable" Pros: "Timing of flight" Cons: "Baggage policy has changed and has become too restrictive. Wieight and size and number of checked baggage is below competitors for transatlantic flights. Same for cabin luggage and is enforced randomly. Some economy passers were allowed two pieces, others were forced to check in cabiuggahe at $200." Pros: "The crew was fantastic. The food was good for airline food." Cons: "The seats were narrow and seemed a bit smaller than usual." Pros: "They were very courteous and provided us with a solution with an overweight luggage so that we wouldn’t pay the extra fees. Flight was very smooth on the 777. Best flight ever." Cons: "Nothing negative about this flight." Pros: "Neat and clean. People at Newark airport" Cons: "Service of air host. Attitude of people at Dubai airport" Cons: "The food was not up to the mark - the menu choice and combinations needs to be re-looked at for non-veg passengers. The choice of spirits was limited and not there at times. The flight attendants overall disposition towards the passengers needs to improve. - at times they forgot what was asked of them." Pros: "Everything other than food" Cons: "While they gave good AVML food on DXB-HYD flight, not sure what stops them from repeating it on SFO-DXB flight., It was worst to the end." Cons: "Emirates charging for duty free merchandise bought in Dubai. It is ridiculous that they add the weight of the duty free merchandise to your carry on luggage and charge at the gate. If I have known that I could have shopped in Dubai duty free. The customer service person was very rude too." Cons: "Too much nonsense with carry on and check in language. I paid for my seat but they changed it for better balance of the plain. Really I weigh 165 lbs. Once the plane reaches altitude they let me take my seat. However the plane was barely occupied and somebody with closer and took my seat." Pros: "Amazing - they had a full dinner for a 9:55pm flight, with real silverware, complementary alcohol, for economy passengers! Crew extremely professional and efficient." Pros: "Crew was great. Phenomenal even." Cons: "Economy seating, so hard to complain, I got what I paid for, but 1-2” more between seats would have kept my knees out of the lady’s back in the seat in front of me..." Pros: "Crew was very nice and attentive" Cons: "Leg room on my first flight (longest leg of the trip) was not much and when the person in front of me leaned their chair back, my knees were touching the chair." Pros: "The crew was great! The entertainment was pretty good too." Cons: "The cabin was WAY too warm." Pros: "Food was good. Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Seats were extremely cramped. Once the person in the front reclined their seat it was very difficult to get out of the seat. Also better guidance is needed during boarding. Finally, my hand carry was checked 4 times by 4 different people, which means your staff doesn’t trust their own colleagues." Pros: "They have a policy of letting kids under 5 board early which was a boon to us! The veggie pasta was really delicious." Cons: "The delay to fly was the only issue" Cons: "Despite listing items desired for breakfast per seat assignment, flight attendant still got it wrong." Pros: "A very friendly and attentive crew and a decent meal. Comfort is still iffy in coach but better than most American airlines. Good selection of movies to pass the time." Cons: "Seats in coach are cramped and some have an electrical box under the seat in front of you, so there is no room for your legs or carry on bag. Bathrooms keep getting smaller to jam in more seats." Pros: "The movies were good, the food was good. Servers were kind and helpful. Clean and overall positive flight." Cons: "Several delays and gate changes." Pros: "The flight crew & the flight itself was great." Cons: "The flight was delayed by 4 hours. Not only did I miss my connecting flight, but I also missed my rescheduled flight. I had to wait another 7 hours in the airport waiting for a flight. And due to this I missed an important meeting." Pros: "Great crew, food, entertainment and drinks." Cons: "Only thing that could be improved is comfort. They provide a small pillow and blanket, but even with those, it is very difficult to sleep." Cons: "On our layover in Munich, we were at our gate, then noticed about 30 minutes prior to boarding that they’d moved us to another gate quite far away, so we hurried to the new gate, only to discover the change was an error, and we had to run back to our original gate. Made it, but annoyed." Cons: "The flight was delayed several times and we were kept waiting at the gate without knowing when exactly we will leave." Pros: "This space intentionally left blank" Cons: "For starters, they sat my 12 year old daughter 6 rows away and both of us in center seats so no one would switch with us. Mid flight, my daughter asked to switch with me since the guy next to her kept asking personal questions and was making her uncomfortable. Second, the in flight entertainment did not work. Third, I had pre-ordered a diabetic meal, they “think they may have given it to someone else.” Fourth, one hour delay making for a tight connection. And finally... they lost my suitcase. Should arrive in a few days." Pros: "The efficiency and kindness of the flight attendants made the trip enjoyable. The water service really helped with dehydration. Also, the food was EXCELLENT, which you don't often hear on a flight. My seat was comfortable and the movie and television selections was great. Will ABSOLUTELY fly with them again!" Pros: "Friendly flight attendants, good wine, good entertainment (which I actually don't watch), beautiful airplane, A 340, especially the downstairs restrooms." Cons: "Very uncomfortable seats, minimal leg room, mediocre food." Pros: "The staff was good to me when I became ill on the flight with a migraine." Cons: "When I paid for my seat in advance it said I had an exit row, but when I got on the flight it was not. The food was also horrible." Cons: "Pathetic food, and really rude crew by the standards of an international flight." Cons: "The food was a bit over cooked and dry but overall excellent service." The crew was great and handled our unexpected detour with proactive communication. My seat was so uncomfortable, and the headrest was broken. Very very disappointing for the price I paid. Pros: "Punctual" Cons: "They forced me to ceck my trolley because i had a suit with me!!! And the airplane wasn’t even full. Even worst they allowed some pieces of “hand luggage” that were double the maximum allowed size" Pros: "The gentleman at the check out his name was Omar went over and above the call of duty for Customer Service me being an American he walked me through each step of using flybe via air France and paying for checking my bags and even the carry on luggage and getting me through security etc." Pros: "It was very comfortable and pleasant." Cons: "Could be a little better the service, the dinner was late" Cons: "I’m not sure that short-hop flights should serve solid food. The quality invariably disappoints. Otherwise, all is good with this flight." Pros: "The crew ask some of us to help seating a family group together. No objection. Then they went out of their way to make the trip more enjoyable for us... even offering a drink of Champagne wine (the true one, not some substitute)... Departed almost on time, arrived a few minutes early..." Pros: "Very little" Cons: "Flight was very crowded. Flight crew kept bumping into my seat and never apologized" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Horrible delay. I got letd to my next flyight. The airline stuff didn’t assist me at all and didn’t wanted to help me getting to my next flight. Horrible" Cons: "I didn’t have time to make it through customs. Missed my flight" Pros: "Got there safely." Cons: "The seats are miserable small and uncomfortable. More options for snacks for the cost of the ticket!!!" Cons: "Boarding was delayed due to crew unavailability. Entertainment did not work due to connectivity issued during flight. No cookies nor snacks were served vs outbound flight where they offered 3 snacks!" Pros: "Very organized" Cons: "No issues, I found value for the amount I paid for my flight" Pros: "Everything was fine, I would probably take the flight again but nothing was above average" Cons: "Boarding could have been more organized" Cons: "I was in business class and was terrible The airplane too old , so expensive for that? Can’t believe it..." Pros: "Almost everything was great!" Cons: "The internet service barely worked and I will be seeking a refund" Pros: "Departure from Newark was delayed but the man at the desk, an entertaining guy, kept us informed." Cons: "Boarding by group is ridiculous. Should be back of the plane people after kids & wheelchairs. One small bag of pretzels & a cup of drink. JetBlue gives many choices of snacks & whole can of drink. DirecTv - $7.99, JetBlue is free. We were a party of 3 that picked our seats to be together. Got to the airport & our seats were split up by desk clerk & she didn't even inform us of seat assignment change. She also put 2 of us in the Exit row without informing us. Did not know we were assigned to Exit row until we boarded. Our overhead bins were full with other passengers carryons. This should not be. Why can't passengers use their own overhead bins. Stewardess would not help us, she said find a spot up front, if not you'll have to check carryons. Terrible." Cons: "Plane was supposed to depart at 5:30 did not depart until around 7:20!!! Had to sit on plane for almost 2 hrs!! We were NOT OFFERED anything to drink Not even water!! Jet Blue would NEVER be neglectful, they are very service oriented. Plane was full & 2 babies on board one was fussy crying at times. It was s nightmare!! I was exhausted from traveling to NYC & Philly! & the delay & lack of service was AWFUL!! Could not watch TV, bc It either connects to phone, I could not connect it or I think you had to pay! Unheard of!!!I love to watch CNN, MSNBC & Fox it makes the time fly!! Hopefully will Never have to fly United Again" Pros: "It was nice to get free wine on the flight. Had I know what I was about to endure I likely would have had more. Honestly. I am uncertain how you can stay in business." Cons: "The temperature in the cabin was way too cold and the excuse of a blanket is really insulting to be warm enough to sleep. The video screen was tiny and grainy. Every time the PA system was used it buzzed so whatever was being said wasn't comprehend-able. The biggest complaint was the seating room. I understand that you want to get people into more legroom seats but honestly there should be a regulation for the inhumane way you treated those of us that did not ante up more! I thought I alone have these opinions but once you get me back home, you loose my business forever. I will take my Transatlantic flights every six weeks elsewhere." Emirates8.3 SWISS8.0 Lufthansa7.8 Air France7.4 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Newark to Hyderabad Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Newark to Hyderabad found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/5Mon 3 stops 52h 05mEWR-HYD $424 Search 2/13Tue 1 stopAir India 21h 20mEWR-HYD $439 Search 4/28Sun 2 stopsAir India 35h 05mEWR-HYD $441 Search 1/22Mon 1 stopLufthansa 17h 45mEWR-HYD $469 Search 1/25Thu 2 stopsLufthansa 24h 50mEWR-HYD $470 Search 1/25Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 37h 15mEWR-HYD $477 Search 1/15Mon 2 stopsAir France 28h 50mEWR-HYD $673 Search 12/5Tue 2 stopsEmirates 22h 10mEWR-HYD $788 Search 12/29Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 26h 35mEWR-HYD $824 Search 12/27Wed 2 stopsEmirates 33h 35mEWR-HYD $855 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir IndiaLufthansaUnited AirlinesAir FranceEmirates Search by price$440 or less$470 or less$480 or less$790 or less$860 or less Last minute flights from Newark to Hyderabad Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Newark to Hyderabad that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopEmirates 33h 35mEWR-HYD 12/19Tue multi-stopEmirates 45h 40mHYD-EWR $942 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEmirates 40h 25mEWR-HYD 1/22Mon multi-stopEmirates 45h 40mHYD-EWR $983 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEmirates 40h 25mEWR-HYD 1/25Thu multi-stopEmirates 45h 40mHYD-EWR $987 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 24h 20mEWR-HYD 12/17Sun multi-stopLufthansa 30h 10mHYD-EWR $1,241 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 37h 15mEWR-HYD 12/13Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 36h 30mHYD-EWR $1,351 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 26h 35mEWR-HYD 1/25Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 36h 30mHYD-EWR $1,376 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 24h 20mEWR-HYD 12/22Fri multi-stopLufthansa 30h 10mHYD-EWR $1,401 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopSWISS 47h 10mEWR-HYD 12/4Mon multi-stopSWISS 33h 20mHYD-EWR $1,570 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopSWISS 26h 25mEWR-HYD 1/24Wed multi-stopSWISS 34h 20mHYD-EWR $1,592 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAir India 33h 45mEWR-HYD 12/14Thu multi-stopAir India 42h 55mHYD-EWR $1,608 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineEmiratesLufthansaUnited AirlinesSWISSAir India Search by price$980 or less$1,240 or less$1,380 or less$1,570 or less$1,610 or less Newark Liberty Airport - Hyderabad Flights Departure: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Destination: Hyderabad (HYD)India Return flight deals: Hyderabad - Newark Liberty Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Hyderabad Business Class flights to Hyderabad Prem Econ Class flights to Hyderabad Economy Class flights to Hyderabad Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport $720Flights from Newark Airport to Hyderabad Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » Hyderabad $720Flights to Hyderabad, Hyderabad Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Hyderabad flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Hyderabad from Newark Liberty Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Hyderabad from Newark Liberty Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.