Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to Dublin from C$ 261 | (YYZ - DUB) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYZ - DUB Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin from C$ 261 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 21/4. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Dublin These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Dublin. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Dublin. How much is the cheapest flight from Pearson Intl to Dublin?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pearson Intl to Dublin that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:35 p.m. - 5:15 a.m.YYZ-DUB 6h 40mdirect 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.DUB-YYZ 8h 00mdirect C$ 317Aer Lingus Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 5:35 p.m. - 5:15 a.m.YYZ-DUB 6h 40mdirect 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.DUB-YYZ 8h 00mdirect C$ 323Aer Lingus Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 7:45 p.m. - 10:15 a.m.YYZ-DUB 9h 30m1 stop 11:30 a.m. - 6:15 p.m.DUB-YYZ 11h 45m1 stop C$ 350Icelandair Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Tue, 16 Jan 7:45 p.m. - 10:15 a.m.YYZ-DUB 9h 30m1 stop 11:30 a.m. - 6:15 p.m.DUB-YYZ 11h 45m1 stop C$ 361Icelandair Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Fri, 19 Jan 7:45 p.m. - 7:20 a.m.YYZ-DUB 6h 35mdirect 9:00 a.m. - 11:15 a.m.DUB-YYZ 7h 15mdirect C$ 396Lufthansa Find Deal Mon, 8 Jan - Fri, 19 Jan 7:45 p.m. - 7:20 a.m.YYZ-DUB 6h 35mdirect 9:00 a.m. - 11:15 a.m.DUB-YYZ 7h 15mdirect C$ 397Lufthansa Find Deal Mon, 5 Feb - Sun, 11 Feb 7:30 p.m. - 5:15 p.m.YYZ-DUB 16h 45m1 stop 9:00 a.m. - 11:15 a.m.DUB-YYZ 7h 15mdirect C$ 418Air Canada Find Deal Sun, 4 Feb - Wed, 7 Feb 12:45 p.m. - 7:00 a.m.YYZ-DUB 13h 15m1 stop 9:00 a.m. - 11:15 a.m.DUB-YYZ 7h 15mdirect C$ 421Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 11:55 p.m. - 11:30 a.m.YYZ-DUB 6h 35mdirect 1:15 p.m. - 3:50 p.m.DUB-YYZ 7h 35mdirect C$ 423Air Transat Find Deal Wed, 1 May - Tue, 14 May 11:55 p.m. - 11:30 a.m.YYZ-DUB 6h 35mdirect 1:15 p.m. - 3:50 p.m.DUB-YYZ 7h 35mdirect C$ 431Air Transat Find Deal Thu, 23 May - Sun, 2 Jun Show more results Flights from Pearson Intl to Dublin - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pearson Intl to Dublin to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Dublin? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Dublin, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Dublin is January, where tickets cost C$ 597 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 1,044 and C$ 1,021 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Dublin? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Dublin, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Dublin, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 85 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on WestJet (C$ 261) and Air Transat (C$ 315). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Aer Lingus (C$ 430) and Icelandair (C$ 475). Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Dublin? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Dublin. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Dublin. They are Aer Lingus and Air Canada. The cheapest airline for this route is Aer Lingus, with the best deal found costing C$ 499. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Aer Lingus. How many flights are there between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Dublin per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 2 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and land in Dublin, with an average flight time of 6h 41m. The most common departure time is 5:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 11 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Monday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Dublin? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin take? Direct flights cover the 8,461 km separating Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin in about 6h 35m. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 5:30 pm and will be landing in Dublin at 5:15 am. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Dublin jets off at 7:45 pm and lands at 7:20 am. Good to know Low season January High season September Cheapest flight C$ 261 Best time to beat the crowds (26% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 5% lower on average. Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin When to book flights from Pearson Intl to Dublin Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pearson Intl to Dublin based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin flights What are my luggage storage options at Pearson Airport? If you are visiting a warm destination, you can store your jackets or coat at Pearson Airport. The storage prices per day, per piece range from approximately C$ 9.43 to C$ 15.72 for personal items and luggage. It also charges an average of C$ 3.77 per day for coats. You can find the storage facility at Terminal 1, landside, level 3, check-in area; and Terminal 3, landside, arrivals. Additionally, you can protect your luggage from damage and theft by using luggage wrapping services at Pearson Airport. Wrap your bag in plastic at Terminal 1, international, landside departures level 2; or at Terminal 3, international, landside, check-in area. I need cash at Dublin Airport—are there ATMs? Dublin Airport has cash machines landside and airside in both terminals. However, remember that fees may apply, so ensure that you check the fee schedule and your bank’s daily withdrawal limit when travelling internationally. It’s also wise to notify your bank of your travel plans. Can I access medical services at Pearson Airport? Yes, you can. The airport hosts a Medical Center that accepts walk-ins. If feeling unwell in Pearson Airport, check the medical center at Terminal 1 Canada, level 2 parking and link train. The medical facility operates from 9am to 9pm from Monday to Friday and 9am to 6pm on Saturdays. Passengers can also use the online booking system when they need medical attention beyond the operating hours. If you need to consult with a doctor at the Medical Center in Pearson Airport, visit the facility from 9am to 5pm from Monday to Thursday. Can I exchange my currency at Dublin Airport? Yes, you can. Dublin Airport has International Currency Exchange (ICE), with money changing outlets throughout in Terminal 1 arrivals hall, baggage hall, airside; and Terminal 2 baggage hall, airside. How do I get from Dublin Airport to my destination after landing? You can get from Dublin Airport to your hotel or any other location after landing via car rentals available exclusively in Terminal 1. The car rentals have offices in Terminal 1 and Terminal 2. Alternatively, you can use hotel shuttles and taxis at an average fee of C$ 37.41, which are safe and reliable from the airport to destinations within 30 km of the airport. You may also use buses and coaches that move from the airport to within Dublin city and surrounding areas. Which airports will I be using when flying from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin? Toronto Pearson Airport airport is called Toronto Pearson Intl and the only airport in Dublin is Dublin. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin? Air Canada, KLM, and Lufthansa offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin? The Airbus A330-200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin? Star Alliance, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Toronto Pearson Airport and Dublin, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin? There are direct flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to Dublin, Lufthansa or Scandinavian Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to Dublin are Lufthansa and Scandinavian Airlines. With an average price for the route of C$ 825 and an overall rating of 7.8, Lufthansa is the most popular choice. Scandinavian Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 469 and an overall rating of 7.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Dublin from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Dublin with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Dublin? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Dublin from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to Dublin Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 518 or less one-way and C$ 747 or less round-trip. Dublin Airport (DUB) has an information desk in Terminal 1, arrivals. Also, you will find customer care agents in different areas of the airport. Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ) has several seating areas well-equipped with tablets for travellers to browse the internet while waiting to board. You can fly from Pearson Airport to Dublin Airport via British Airways, Air Canada, and TAP Air Portugal. All the airlines have one stop. Electrical outlets are available at Dublin Airport for charging mobile devices. You will also see workstations combined with most charging points throughout the airport. Toronto Pearson Airport has nursing stations, family washrooms, and children's play areas available in both terminals. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Pearson Intl to Dublin? Find which airlines fly direct from Pearson Intl to Dublin, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Pearson Intl to Dublin Search flights Monday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,British Airways, +2 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,British Airways, +2 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Aer Lingus,British Airways Aer Lingus,British Airways Thursday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,British Airways, +2 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +3 more 1 2 Friday Aer Lingus,British Airways Aer Lingus,British Airways Saturday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,British Airways, +2 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Aer Lingus,British Airways Aer Lingus,British Airways See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Dublin to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Aer Lingus,British Airways Aer Lingus,British Airways Tuesday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,British Airways, +2 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,British Airways, +2 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Aer Lingus,British Airways Aer Lingus,British Airways Friday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,British Airways, +2 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +3 more 1 2 Saturday Aer Lingus,British Airways Aer Lingus,British Airways Sunday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,British Airways, +2 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +3 more 1 2 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to Dublin See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Dublin. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to Dublin? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82boarding 78comfort 79food 86crew 77entertainment 82overall Airline reviews Cons: "A solution to the seat problem. If the seat only reclined 1/2 the distance they do now, the flight would be enjoyable."Read more about SWISS Cons: "A solution to the seat problem. If the seat only reclined 1/2 the distance they do now, the flight would be enjoyable." Pros: "crew was friendly" Cons: "seats were way too cramped - worst flight ever that way - what has happened to Swiss - there is no room - horrible!!!" Pros: "Crew was attentive, video selection was very good" Cons: "Seat cushion was very hard for 7 hour fight. Bring a pillow!" Pros: "Seat more comfortable than most economy seats with other airlines. Smiling, attentive cabin attendants. Good food. Easy to get to next flight. Seems a bit more spacious than other airlines." Cons: "Free Wifi." Pros: "Food was great, creww was very nice" Cons: "Following our request, such has being seated next to each other and not only having one person being upgraded when we're two." Pros: "The breakfast quiche was a pleasant surprise. Crew was very welcoming and professional." Cons: "I was surprised to be charged for 1 piece of checked baggage. I was never informed I would be required to pay for 1 piece of checked baggage. I would have paid ahead of time, had I known. I tried to check-in online but was denied access to my ticket because Swiss Air thought I might be a robot. I kept following instructions for positive access but after about 10 attempts I quit. Very irritating!" Pros: "My own seat had ample legroom, good crew." Cons: "Faulty headphone jack and person who kneed me in the back whenever I recline my seat. 8 kilo limit on carry-on luggage." Cons: "We (parents) were business class, but our two kids in coach, yet Swiss doesn’t allow “guests” in the lounge. Hmmm. What a bunch of BS." Pros: "The next best thing to the hard-working and kind crew was the lighting design. Meals were OK, and I was delighted that the vegan meals I ordered for my travel companion were right there as ordered. Not a common occurrence of late, I’m afraid, so I congratulate Swiss one getting this one right." Cons: "Legroom is non-existent. This was by far the most uncomfortable aircraft I have ever flown on, with the possible exception of an Ilyushin 62 operated by Tarom in 1983. I felt bad for the man in front of me, with my knees in his back. That is, until he reclined his seat and put my video screen in my face. Not much to watch anyway, but it was impossible to lean forward at all. Boarding at JFK was rather chaotic." Pros: "We were very impressed by our flight with Swiss. The staff speaks impeccable English, there is much more leg room than on flights with American companies, and it is so pleasant to get pillows, blankets, headphones, drinks (including wine), snacks and 2 meals on our international flight and not feel nickle and dimed the way we do now on domestic flights." It never happened. How could you ask me to write a review of something you are not aware of never happened???? Pros: "Boarding was crazy and confusing. Ground crew poor communication and rude" Cons: "Boarding was slow but they had increased number of wheelchair clients. Not their fault but was a known so the process could have been started earlier." Pros: "Service was good. Flight attendants were friendly" Cons: "The departure area at terminal 1 YYZ was crowded and not the most comfortable experience" Cons: "Not much legroom and no tv’s on a 10-hour flight" Pros: "everything from the boarding and check-in process to in flight comfort." Pros: "Seats were spacious and they fed us on the flight." Cons: "In flight entertainment." Pros: "I liked that we got served a lot of snacks and food :)" Cons: "Nothing honestly! Smooth flight :)" Pros: "Lufthansa will always be my choice airline. Their staff are nicely dressed, accommodating and well mannered." Cons: "On this trip back to Dublin, our flight from Munich to Dublin was delayed for over two hours. It would be nice for Lufthansa to at least offer the passengers something to eat or drink while on board waiting for such a long time." Pros: "Smooth boarding." Cons: "The cramped seats, not a lot legroom and people complained once you reclined." Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good." Pros: "Excellent pre Boarding service and announcements; reasonably comfortable seats; great landing;" Cons: "There are never gluten free options in the snacks; there were no entertainment systems on the plane - that's not important to me but perhaps it is to others." Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable because of the head rest that is attached to the seat. However the staff and crew were friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better seats" Pros: "Newest 787 plane in the fleet. Really comfortable seats and terrific in-flight entertainment" Cons: "One of the crew members seemed really bother by everything. She was not smiling or even looking at customers when handing drinks over." Pros: "Efficient and fast boarding and getting things ready" Cons: "Seating is horrible. Not just the space but the cushion-or lack of" Pros: "Nice plane, comfortable" Cons: "We missed our runway and had to quickly ascend and retry. Disembarking the plane took 40 minutes due to the YYC skywalk being frozen. During this all communication with the passengers was minimal." Pros: "Staff is friendly." Cons: "We didn’t appreciate the walk from Gate 4 to Gate 41 TWICE when the departure gate was changed. We are in our 80’s and it was quite a trek!" Cons: "Missed my flight and i had to buy a new ticket to Saskatoon." Pros: "Downloaded WestJet app in Toronto while waiting to board the next flight. Enjoyed the selection of free movies and TV shows. Flight was on time." Cons: "The connecting flight to Halifax was a long haul at the end of B terminal. Same airline, just really far away! Maybe it has to be that way due to the international arrival, but it was stressful. Wear tennis shoes! Flight attendants were efficient but not as friendly as the Toronto folks. The advertised “power at every seat” did not work." Pros: "My first part of the flight, from SFO to CPH, was good. It was the second part that was terrible." Cons: "SAS never emailed the second boarding ticket and there was no agent at the gate to help me print one. I paid $20 days in advance for a front aisle seat (6E), but was boarded last (group H) and had to put my carry-on in aisle 26. The stewardess was very rude and seemed racist towards me." Pros: "Crew was amazing, flight was on time, and entertainment was available." Pros: "Terrible coordination between SAS and United Airlines. Two bags missing, could not find boarding pass of baby, despite us showing them on the SAS website their check in details!" Cons: "Not losing our bags and delaying our boarding massively despite us having completed information in advance on SAS website. United Airlines inability to assign seating all the way through, throwing their hands in the air and blaming SAS, while SAS did exactly the same thing about United." Cons: "Third delayed flight in a row within the week. Seems to be considered acceptable business practice." Cons: "On the Copenhagen-Milan leg, since I was in the cheap seats, even water cost; $3 for a bottle of water. They couldn't even offer a cup of water for free? False economy. And I was told that I had to pay for my luggage at the airport, then it was $120 for 1 bag. Ridiculous!" Pros: "Efficient friendly service." Cons: "We were economy so no food was provided, as expected so cannot rate. No entertainment was offered either." Pros: "Flight was on time. Bathrooms were clean." Cons: "Dinner and breakfast were terrible, especially for a long transatlantic flight. Attendants were curt. Movie selection was subpar compared to other airlines on similar flights I’ve taken." Pros: "Nice staff, comfortable seats with good room, complimentary beverages with refills offered." Cons: "Late leaving, when boarding in CPH had to wait in extremely hot area once past the desk where our boarding passes were scanned and then the area where we had to queue just prior to boarding the plane was glass and therefore extremely hot. The worst issue was that there was one family with extremely loud children with the parents doing nothing. I saw a steward way up the plane looking down at them at one stage while serving another passenger but she did nothing. I like children but this was constant with the father actually encouraging the children to make more noise once he realised that other passengers were annoyed. There were plenty of other children on the plane who were behaving. Although SAS staff were aware of this they did nothing to ensure the comfort of the other passengers. One friend of mine stood for about 40 minutes at the back of the plane and another for about 20 minutes to get away from this constant noise as it was so loud and persistent. I had to listen to music to block it out.SAS staff should have intervened because this was very loud and as I have said constant i.e. every few seconds for most of the flight." Pros: "Fairly new plane." Cons: "Only airline that made us check in our luggage; and charged us an exorbitant amount (+/- $90 per luggage) in doing so. No customer service at all. 1st attendant wouldn’t let us check-in at the counter, and 2nd attendant made us check in our carry-on despite it only being 2kg over. We could’ve moved some items around. When we boarded the plane, we saw multiple people whose carry-on looked suspiciously over the weight limit. We felt singled out. It was obvious that this airline only cares about profit and does not care about the customer. Attendants were rude and not helpful. Needless to say I will nit fly with this airline again." Pros: "Movies" Cons: "We were in 40G and H, bulkhead seats. I have never had such a hot plane (and I am a world traveler). We were both very warm (felt like 85 degrees- warm enough to not be comfortable). I was told by the flight attendant that people in back of plane were freezing. The breakfast was good, but the dinner was ok, but not ‘I wish I could have seconds” good. I lowered the rating because they never gave us more than the one bottle of water that was on our seats when we arrived. That may have been ok for the people in the cold part of the plane but not for us in the sweating part. Luckily we had brought a big bottle of water." .Ealing could have been better but no complaints on everything else Pros: "Very friendly crew" Cons: "Flight got delayed. Would be nice if the crew would come around w water occasionally" Pros: "I like how they boarded the back of the plane first!" Cons: "The seats weren't as comfortable as other airlines. The food wasn't very good either." Cons: "Forced to board a bus and sit in an empty terminal. Paid for priority boarding but wasn't called for it. Pretty disorganized. Good flight but gate crew needs work." Cons: "They did not include our checked luggage on our flight and had to wait for it to be delivered on the next available flight from Dublin." Pros: "Everything was good except the flight from Dublin to Prague..., I was really thirsty.., and they charged me even for water..!" Cons: "Free drink/ water on the second flight !" Pros: "Typically Aer Lingus has been a good airline but this past experience." Cons: "The airline lied to us and told us the flight was cancelled when in fact it wasn't. It was the connecting flight was overbooked from Dublin to Boston, and because it was they decided to pull us continuing on to Boston out of line and left us stranded in Berlin. They initially gave us the excuse it was cancelled but in fact it took off fine. We 10 people had to then wait 2+ hours in line trying to find alternative flights to get home. The 1 person behind the desk was slow and didn't actually complete the paper work properly. She had attempted to book me on a passage on British Airways but didn't do the paperwork correctly. I reported to the British Airways desk and found that she hadn't in fact done anything. It was to the British Airways person who actually got me home properly and safely. I would not recommend them any more to anyone. They didn't reimburse me, they didn't even attempt to tell me the truth, they didn't even do their job correctly. I recommend to others to fly a different airline." Pros: "Kayak sold a ticket that doesn’t allow seat assignment. I contact you many times through email and phone and you have always wrong information. Very poor service." Pros: "fantastic customer service" Cons: "wouldve loved to have been left breakfast while i slept" Cons: "My flights were cancelled by Aer lingus and I was rebooked improperly, resulting in my being removed from a plane and having to be rebooked at least three times because of how long it took." SWISS8.0 Lufthansa7.8 WestJet7.7 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Aer Lingus7.4 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Dublin Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Dublin found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 21/4Sun directWestJet 7h 10mYYZ-DUB C$ 192 Search 11/3Mon directWestJet 7h 10mYYZ-DUB C$ 193 Search 8/5Wed directAir Transat 6h 35mYYZ-DUB C$ 232 Search 19/5Sun directAir Transat 6h 35mYYZ-DUB C$ 304 Search 21/1Sun 1 stopIcelandair 9h 30mYYZ-DUB C$ 386 Search 8/2Thu 1 stopIcelandair 9h 30mYYZ-DUB C$ 394 Search 8/1Mon directAer Lingus 6h 40mYYZ-DUB C$ 456 Search 8/1Mon directAer Lingus 6h 40mYYZ-DUB C$ 481 Search 14/12Thu directAir Canada 6h 35mYYZ-DUB C$ 784 Search 21/3Thu 1 stopAir Canada 31h 00mYYZ-DUB C$ 847 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetAir TransatIcelandairAer LingusAir Canada Search by priceC$ 190 or lessC$ 300 or lessC$ 390 or lessC$ 480 or lessC$ 850 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to Dublin Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Dublin that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue multi-stopIcelandair 9h 30mYYZ-DUB 11/12Mon multi-stopIcelandair 11h 45mDUB-YYZ C$ 453 Search 3/12Sun directAer Lingus 6h 45mYYZ-DUB 17/12Sun directAer Lingus 7h 50mDUB-YYZ C$ 509 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAer Lingus 17h 23mYYZ-DUB 17/12Sun directAer Lingus 7h 50mDUB-YYZ C$ 537 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopIcelandair 9h 30mYYZ-DUB 7/12Thu multi-stopIcelandair 11h 45mDUB-YYZ C$ 564 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopIcelandair 9h 30mYYZ-DUB 6/12Wed multi-stopIcelandair 11h 45mDUB-YYZ C$ 576 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 6h 35mYYZ-DUB 8/12Fri multi-stopAir Canada 12h 07mDUB-YYZ C$ 588 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 15mYYZ-DUB 14/12Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 02mDUB-YYZ C$ 604 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 19h 30mYYZ-DUB 6/12Wed multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 15h 10mDUB-YYZ C$ 617 Search 5/12Tue directLufthansa 6h 35mYYZ-DUB 13/12Wed directLufthansa 7h 15mDUB-YYZ C$ 646 Search 4/12Mon directLufthansa 6h 35mYYZ-DUB 13/12Wed directLufthansa 7h 15mDUB-YYZ C$ 1,507 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineIcelandairAer LingusAir CanadaUnited AirlinesTAP AIR PORTUGALLufthansa Search by priceC$ 510 or lessC$ 560 or lessC$ 590 or lessC$ 620 or lessC$ 1,510 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - Dublin Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Destination: Dublin (DUB)Ireland Return flight deals: Dublin - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Dublin C$ 3,673 Business Class flights to Dublin C$ 2,390 Prem Econ Class flights to Dublin C$ 567 Economy Class flights to Dublin Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 429Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Dublin Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Ireland » Dublin C$ 429Flights to Dublin, Dublin Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Dublin flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Dublin from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Dublin from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.