Cheap Flights from Vancouver Airport to Manila from C$ 635 | (YVR - MNL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YVR - MNL Find cheap flights from Vancouver to Manila from C$ 635 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 15/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Manila These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Manila. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Manila. How much is the cheapest flight from Vancouver Intl to Manila?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Vancouver Intl to Manila that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:00 a.m. - 11:40 a.m.YVR-MNL 36h 40m2 stops 5:45 a.m. - 2:46 p.m.MNL-YVR 24h 01m2 stops C$ 935 Find Deal Tue, 16 Apr - Tue, 7 May 2:00 a.m. - 9:35 a.m.YVR-MNL 16h 35m1 stop 4:45 p.m. - 7:20 p.m.MNL-YVR 17h 35m1 stop C$ 936China Airlines Find Deal Mon, 22 Apr - Tue, 24 Sep 4:20 p.m. - 5:25 p.m.YVR-MNL 34h 05m2 stops 6:45 p.m. - 5:45 p.m.MNL-YVR 38h 00m2 stops C$ 939 Find Deal Mon, 1 Apr - Wed, 1 May 3:15 p.m. - 1:35 p.m.YVR-MNL 30h 20m1 stop 2:50 p.m. - 2:45 p.m.MNL-YVR 14h 55m1 stop C$ 940ANA Find Deal Wed, 6 Mar - Mon, 11 Mar 7:15 p.m. - 6:50 a.m.YVR-MNL 20h 35m1 stop 8:45 a.m. - 9:50 a.m.MNL-YVR 40h 05m2 stops C$ 955United Airlines Find Deal Sun, 10 Mar - Wed, 3 Apr 8:30 a.m. - 6:50 a.m.YVR-MNL 30h 20m2 stops 8:45 a.m. - 9:50 a.m.MNL-YVR 40h 05m2 stops C$ 956United Airlines Find Deal Tue, 16 Jan - Wed, 24 Apr 3:15 p.m. - 1:35 p.m.YVR-MNL 30h 20m1 stop 2:50 p.m. - 1:45 p.m.MNL-YVR 14h 55m1 stop C$ 964ANA Find Deal Tue, 16 Jan - Thu, 25 Jan 1:00 a.m. - 12:15 a.m.YVR-MNL 32h 15m1 stop 10:45 a.m. - 8:45 a.m.MNL-YVR 61h 00m2 stops C$ 1,061Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 20 Apr - Sun, 26 May 12:15 a.m. - 12:15 a.m.YVR-MNL 33h 00m2 stops 10:45 a.m. - 8:45 a.m.MNL-YVR 37h 00m2 stops C$ 1,118Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 11 Apr - Sat, 11 May 2:00 a.m. - 11:40 a.m.YVR-MNL 18h 40m1 stop 6:45 p.m. - 7:25 p.m.MNL-YVR 15h 40m1 stop C$ 1,120EVA Air Find Deal Wed, 1 May - Tue, 1 Oct Show more results Flights from Vancouver Intl to Manila - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Vancouver Intl to Manila to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Vancouver Intl Airport to Manila? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Manila is September, where tickets cost C$ 1,474 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 2,165 and C$ 1,827 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Manila? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Manila, you should book around 5 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 90 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Vancouver to Manila? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Vancouver to Manila found on KAYAK was with Turkish Airlines for C$ 715. China Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from C$ 1,270 and ANA from C$ 1,276. Which airlines fly direct between Vancouver Intl Airport and Manila? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Manila. There is just one airline that flies from Vancouver Intl Airport to Manila direct and that is Philippine Airlines. The best one-way deal found from Philippine Airlines for the route is C$ 1,261. How many flights are there between Vancouver Intl Airport and Manila per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Vancouver Intl Airport and lands in Manila, with an average flight time of 14h 55m. The most common departure time is 10:00 p.m. and most flights take off at night. Each week, there are 7 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Vancouver Intl Airport and Manila? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Vancouver to Manila take? A direct flight to Manila will take on average 16h 35m to travel the 16,976 km flying distance from Vancouver. What’s the earliest departure time from Vancouver to Manila? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport at 10:35 pm and will be landing in Manila at 5:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from Vancouver to Manila? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Manila jets off at 10:35 pm and lands at 5:30 am. Good to know Low season August High season December Cheapest flight C$ 635 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 1% increase in price. Most popular time to fly (29% more expensive on average) Flight from Vancouver to Manila When to book flights from Vancouver Intl to Manila Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Vancouver Intl to Manila based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Vancouver to Manila flights What are the most eco-friendly airlines flying from Vancouver to Manila? Each traveller taking this route from YVR to MNL produces, on average, 5250 kg of carbon dioxide. This amount can be significantly reduced by flying with Asiana Airlines, which offers flights with single-layover, emitting 2784 kg which is 47% less carbon dioxide, per person per flight. Where are the pet relief areas at YVR? On the A/B, C, and D piers as well as at the South Terminal, there are five full-service pet relief areas located after security. Before Starbucks, across from the play area, is the A/B Pier. C Pier is located to the right of the restrooms in the alcove, across from Gate C29. D Pier is adjacent to Gate D72 and close to Gates 76 & 77. Gate G1-2, next to the corner vending machines, is the STB. Outside of international arrivals at the Chester Johnson Park entry and at the South Terminal Building (STB), which is across from the north entrance, there are also outdoor pet rest facilities before security. Can I fly from Vancouver to Manila non-stop? Flights from Vancouver to Manila, when nonstop, usually take about 13.5 hours and are offered by airline companies like China Eastern, Air China, Philippine Airlines and China Southern. How to get from downtown Vancouver to Vancouver International Airport? Vancouver International Airport is well connected and getting to downtown Vancouver is quite easy. In addition to buses, the Canada Line is available. This is a rapid transit commuter service which runs between the airports and the city centers of both Richmond and Vancouver, reaching the latter in just 26 minutes. Are there on-site hotels in Vancouver International Airport? If your flight departs early and you don’t want to travel late at night, stay at one of the hotels located right inside the airport, like the Fairmont Vancouver Airport, which can be found at the International Terminal. The hotel also offers day rooms if you just want to freshen up and enjoy a rest between flights. What is there to do in Vancouver International Airport? If your flight is late and you are stuck in Vancouver International Airport, you will certainly not be left without things to do. In addition to visiting the dozens of shops and kiosk that are available, passengers can pamper themselves with a manicure, facial or massage at the spa, or relax in the observation area to watch planes take off and land. The Aquarium is also always a big hit, with over 800 different animal species. Which airports will I be using when flying from Vancouver to Manila? Vancouver and Manila are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Vancouver from Vancouver Intl and will be arriving at Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Vancouver to Manila? Only China Airlines offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Vancouver to Manila flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Vancouver to Manila? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Vancouver to Manila flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Vancouver to Manila? There are direct flights from Vancouver to Manila on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Vancouver to Manila, Korean Air or Japan Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Vancouver to Manila are Korean Air and Japan Airlines. With an average price for the route of C$ 1,630 and an overall rating of 8.7, Korean Air is the most popular choice. Japan Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 1,764 and an overall rating of 8.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Vancouver to Manila? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Vancouver to Manila. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Vancouver to Manila? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Manila from Vancouver is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Vancouver to Manila? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Manila with an airline and back to Vancouver with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Vancouver to Manila? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Manila from Vancouver up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Vancouver to Manila Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 1,062 or less one-way and C$ 1,268 or less round-trip. Vancouver International Airport (YVR) is the primary international airport in Vancouver City. It is the main airport serving Vancouver City and it acts as the primary gateway to the Lower Mainland, which includes the regional districts of Metro Vancouver and Fraser Valley. YVR is as a hub for Air Canada and WestJet, and it serves a base for Air Transat. The airport is a focus city for Flair Airlines and Air North. Consider flying with any of these airlines while travelling from YVR to Manila. Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) is the primary airport in Manila. The airport is the main airport serving Manila and its metropolitan area comprising of Manila City, Quezon City, Caloocan, Makati, Malabon, Marikina, Muntinlupa, Navotas, Paraaque, Pasay, Pasig, San Juan, Taguig, Mandaluyong, Valenzuela, and Las Pias. It is a hub for Cebgo, Cebu Pacific, PAL Express and Philippine Airlines. It is also a base for AirSWIFT and Philippines AirAsia. Flights from Vancouver to Manila usually depart from Vancouver International Airport, located on Sea Island in Richmond, about 12 kilometers from Vancouver city centre, and land at Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport. One of the largest travel hubs in the Philippines, this airport is located about 6 kilometers south of Manila city centre. Flying from Vancouver International Airport with you children? Entertaining them as you wait for your flight is not a problem thanks to the children’s play areas located both in the Domestic Terminal and in the International Terminal, all fully equipped with toys, games and books. If Manila is not your final destination but rather just a leg of the trip and you want to relax during your layover, head to one of the lounges located throughout the airport. Many of these lounges are open to all passengers regardless of the class and airline they are flying with. Flights from Vancouver to Manila might land late, leaving you in need of a place to rest. Head to the day rooms, a set of 12 air-conditioned rooms available to all passengers inside the hotel, where you can enjoy a restful sleep before going into the city centre. Alternatively, there are also a number of hotels located just minutes from Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport. Manila International Airport is quite close to downtown Manila so travelers can easily reach the city soon after they land. The airport is serviced by a number of bus lines and by the UBE Express train lines which connects all terminals to the main hotels of Manila, Makati, Pasay and Parañaque. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Vancouver Intl to Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Vancouver Intl to Ninoy Aquino Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Vancouver Intl to Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl Search flights Monday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Tuesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Wednesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Thursday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Friday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Saturday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Sunday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl to Vancouver Intl Search flights Monday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Tuesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Wednesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Thursday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Friday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Saturday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Sunday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Vancouver Intl to Manila See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Vancouver to Manila. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Vancouver Intl to Manila? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 90crew 84food 88overall 85entertainment 86comfort 89boarding Airline reviews I hope they never ran out of the menu choice one makes. They often do.Read more about Japan Airlines I hope they never ran out of the menu choice one makes. They often do. Pros: "The crew that checked me and those who were onboard were very helpful and cheerful." Cons: "Better choices of movies on board." Pros: "The crew always smiles and very accomodating." Cons: "The main course could have been better or improve. I wasn’t satisfied with the taste." Cons: "Trip to Manila from Tokyo was delayed for 3hrs plus" Pros: "All of the crews were polite and friendly, and the food was tasty." Cons: "If there're more variety of movies, that would be great." Cons: "I feel like this is Japan Airlines’s chance to present some great actual Japanese food in flight and instead it was a tuna melt and macaroni salad. Just saying." Pros: "was not able to board and was checked in 4 hours in advance" Cons: "Be able to select seats online within 24hours of flight for free" Pros: "The staff are really nice helpful and respectful." Cons: "I dont l8ke the restrooms, they shoukd be always be cleaned most of the times. No cup noodles." Cons: "The fact that my father was diagnosed with Cancer and they wouldn’t refund our 1300.00 for round trip tickets to the Philippines which is our vacation home. The airline required documentation from my fathers doc which I provided. He was not going anywhere for at least a year (radiation and chemo) and the denied even credit.I was able to get my parents tickets refunded by a different airline. NEVER Again. my father passed 8/12/2018. Our trip was scheduled for 9/13/2018. Very disappointing.see" I was handled by some very rude CSA's in DFW. I was forced to check my carry-on as I was flying economy. You are now allowed only 10 kg total on all carry-on items. As my carry-on was 10 kg, and my backpack was 2 kg, I was made to check my luggage. I find this procedure unfair, as many other passengers in economy CLEARLY had more than 10 kgs. If KA insists this is their policy, then it should be enforced uniformly for everyone. TO INCLUDE Business and First Class. They are allowed 18 kg now. From my perspective....absolutely ridiculous. This was the first time in over 35 years I have been made to check my carry-on. I am EXTREMELY disappointed 😞 2 hour connection time in Seoul to make plane to Bangkok. Giant security lineup. Lots of worry over making flight reduced joy of flying via KE/Incheon. This was a repeat of my flight in Nov 2022, so apparently is the new normal for KE. Flight was boarding after I was forced to jog what seemed to be 2 miles from security to my departure gate. Please fix this. I still cannot understand that if you have already been screened in Canada for dangerous items, and there is no opportunity to obtain any between one plane and the next, why you should be screened AGAIN. Pros: "Everything was great!" Cons: "Some announcements were only made in Korean. Would have been nice to have it in English for international flight." Pros: "Preference given for those requiring extra help boarding" Cons: "Very narrow seats with very very limited leg room. I’m only 5’4” tall and had no leg room. My sister is 5’11” and had leg cramps from the 4.5 hour flight because of the lack of leg room. Probably time to replace this plane." Pros: "That the bathrooms are kept clean." Cons: "Lack of beverage service. For an 11.5 hour flight they could have come around more often to offer pop or alcoholic beverages." Pros: "Same as the first flight. Korean flight attendants were very courteous and helpful. Foods ok. We couldn’t afford first or prestige class so we have to trade in our comfort in economy." Cons: "Flight wasn’t as long but if you add up the lay over time, it end up being long." Pros: "Nice bathhroom size" Cons: "I dont like the 2x seating in business, seats are not up to what they should be, i was glad it was a short flight" Pros: "The Koreans are masters at whatever they do, super clean, polite and attentive. Always a smile. I'd fly with them anytime." Cons: "They tend to keep the plane a tad warm and no individual "fresh air" control over head." Pros: "Comfortable flight with a nice crew. An overall good experience." Cons: "After arriving, the waiting time for receiving a VISA was quite long for people staying longer than the regular 3 months." Cons: "I would have given a 5 Stars for comfort if the cabin temperature is at least cooler not dry. Please please look into it." Pros: "Crews were friendly and helpful. I never had economy seat that goes as flat as theirs. I liked the safety instruction video." Cons: "They seemed to run out of food options quickly. Wasn't a problem for me. But, they should know better." Pros: "Crew was amazing, food was filling & plentiful." Cons: "Overall no complaints but the landing in Tokyo was a little rough. Pilot seemed to descend quickly which hurt my ears but otherwise, smooth flight." Cons: "Food was great, flight attendant were very friendly and helpful and eager to make sure I was comfortable, ANA rocks as a awesome carrier; my goto airline when it’s time to cross the pacific again" Pros: "The crew was amazing. They were all very nice to us." Pros: "Staff were friendly. Alcohol beverages are free. Good upsated movie selections." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "The seats were substantially more cramped than the other flight." Pros: "The crew was amazing! The food was really great! And the entertainment was fantastic! I would absolutely fly with them again the next time I book a trip." Cons: "Fellow passenger didn't stay in his space , would prefer flight attendant to inform kindly" Pros: "Friendly attentive staff." Cons: "The seat was narrow and after 9 hours, not comfortable... Normal for economy though" Pros: "Crew tried to be friendly" Cons: "Slow to depart after boarding on time, with an eventual delay of 1 hour (deplaning was extremely slow) before we reached the baggage claim area. The wait for baggage took another half hour" Pros: "Crew was very friendly. Flight was on time. Meals were good. Will be flying with EVA again" Cons: "The food was terrible. Only one option and I didn't like it." Pros: "Was amazed because of the Hello Kitty theme in the plane , very friendly staff very worth trip" Cons: "Nothing everything went well" Pros: "nothing" Cons: "airport personells are rude and lazy. airline seats are very unconfortable. flight attendants not very a comodating to seniors like me" Pros: "Despite the short flight, they still served a delicious meal! Great movie and music selections. Would definitely fly them again." Cons: "The only thing that was not the greatest, I think was the ground crew in Manila. It took an unusually long time to get my luggage." Cons: "I didn’t like the last meal that they served. It’s fish fillet with tomato sauce and no other option." Pros: "Was quite nice for a two hour flight. They gave us a free meal again." Cons: "Nothing I didn't like." Pros: "I liked their services the most. All staff and crew were very courteous." Pros: "Got upgraded to their absolutely amazing first (laurel) class. Royal treatment with a smile." No problems upon arriving at Incheon and transferring to Manila. The plane was on time. However you cannot check flight status on the app for updates. Good could have been more palatable. Crew were amazingly. Pros: "Nothing! I was upset the whole trip!" Cons: "They made me cancel my 6 month stay to a 30 day stay when I arrived at the airport, otherwise they would not allow me on the plane! They said I needed a vista for the length of stay which I always get when I am in Manila for the past 8-10 years that I have been going without any prior warning before I confirmed this booking! I was charged $500.00 to change the departure date! Outrageous!" Pros: "More or less the same entertainment selection, so I enjoyed the movies on this one as well." Cons: "The seats were awkward - my body curved inward on the seat." Pros: "Left almost on time arrived early. Baggage transfer was great. Cabin crew provided needed entry forms promptly. Great flight" Pros: "Excellent ethnic Korean food. Attendants were extremely polite and and professional." Cons: "Mass Boarding procedure was inefficient. Same Airline boarding out of Chicago had groups according to sets of row numbers, and was much more efficient. Should use in all cases." Pros: "The back part of the plane was mostly empty, so I moved to an empty row and was able rto stretch out and rest. The attendants were very nice and polite." Cons: "I wish there were more selections of meals." Pros: "Ground staff is helpful." Cons: "Flight from JFK to Korea was delayed for more than two hours. Missed all the succeeding connecting flights. Had to spend close to $300 in order to rebooked our Philippines domestic flights." Pros: "Seats reclined a bit more than other planes which was really nice." Cons: "I didnt get the right seat that i chose when I purchased the ticket" Pros: "Flight attendants doing their best" Cons: "1.Your food quality is declining. I have some second thoughts now referring the airlines to friends.2. Very narrow seats. Not a lot of leg space." Japan Airlines8.7 Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 EVA Air8.5 Asiana Airlines8.2 Book cheap flights from Vancouver to Manila Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Vancouver to Manila found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 15/1Mon 2 stops 43h 15mYVR-MNL C$ 468 Search 12/1Fri 2 stops 50h 45mYVR-MNL C$ 483 Search 22/1Mon 2 stops 43h 15mYVR-MNL C$ 490 Search 23/2Fri 1 stopChina Airlines 17h 05mYVR-MNL C$ 758 Search 20/2Tue 1 stopChina Airlines 23h 20mYVR-MNL C$ 803 Search 17/5Fri directPhilippine Airlines 13h 30mYVR-MNL C$ 831 Search 11/1Thu 2 stopsKorean Air 37h 00mYVR-MNL C$ 839 Search 1/2Thu directPhilippine Airlines 14h 55mYVR-MNL C$ 892 Search 10/1Wed 1 stopEVA Air 30h 35mYVR-MNL C$ 951 Search 10/1Wed 1 stopEVA Air 25h 35mYVR-MNL C$ 960 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineChina AirlinesPhilippine AirlinesKorean AirEVA Air Search by priceC$ 480 or lessC$ 760 or lessC$ 830 or lessC$ 890 or lessC$ 960 or less Last minute flights from Vancouver Intl to Manila Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Vancouver to Manila that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon multi-stop 23h 10mYVR-MNL 17/1Wed multi-stop 15h 25mMNL-YVR C$ 977 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopANA 38h 50mYVR-MNL 30/1Tue multi-stopANA 14h 55mMNL-YVR C$ 995 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopKorean Air 25h 30mYVR-MNL 22/1Mon multi-stopKorean Air 14h 45mMNL-YVR C$ 1,518 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopEVA Air 19h 30mYVR-MNL 25/12Mon multi-stopEVA Air 15h 45mMNL-YVR C$ 1,555 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopChina Airlines 17h 05mYVR-MNL 17/2Sat multi-stopChina Airlines 23h 25mMNL-YVR C$ 1,571 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopKorean Air 36h 15mYVR-MNL 17/2Sat multi-stopKorean Air 32h 59mMNL-YVR C$ 1,606 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopChina Airlines 17h 05mYVR-MNL 17/2Sat multi-stopChina Airlines 23h 25mMNL-YVR C$ 1,629 Search 3/12Sun directPhilippine Airlines 14h 55mYVR-MNL 26/2Mon directPhilippine Airlines 11h 45mMNL-YVR C$ 1,667 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopEVA Air 19h 30mYVR-MNL 24/12Sun multi-stopEVA Air 30h 55mMNL-YVR C$ 1,681 Search 5/12Tue directPhilippine Airlines 14h 55mYVR-MNL 17/2Sat directPhilippine Airlines 11h 45mMNL-YVR C$ 1,712 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineANAKorean AirEVA AirChina AirlinesPhilippine Airlines Search by priceC$ 1,000 or lessC$ 1,560 or lessC$ 1,610 or lessC$ 1,670 or lessC$ 1,710 or less Vancouver - Manila Flights Departure: Vancouver (YVR)Canada Destination: Manila (MNL)Philippines Return flight deals: Manila - Vancouver Cabin classes: First Class flights to Manila C$ 3,530 Business Class flights to Manila Prem Econ Class flights to Manila C$ 896 Economy Class flights to Manila Browse origins: Flights » Canada » British Columbia » Vancouver Airport C$ 1,208Flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Manila Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Philippines » Manila C$ 1,208Flights to Manila, Manila Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Ottawa Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Kelowna Flights to Kamloops Flights to Yellowknife Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Manila flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Manila from Vancouver. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Manila from Vancouver. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.