Cheap Flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta from $18 | (FLL - ATL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW FLL - ATL Find cheap flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta from $18 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/11. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Atlanta These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:27 pm - 11:29 pmFLL-ATL 2h 02mnonstop 9:21 am - 11:06 amATL-FLL 1h 45mnonstop $27Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 8 - Wed, Feb 14 2:53 pm - 5:02 pmFLL-ATL 2h 09mnonstop 5:18 pm - 7:20 pmATL-FLL 2h 02mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sun, Jan 21 8:03 pm - 10:00 pmFLL-ATL 1h 57mnonstop 10:55 pm - 12:55 amATL-FLL 2h 00mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 2 - Sun, Feb 4 8:05 pm - 10:00 pmFLL-ATL 1h 55mnonstop 5:21 am - 7:15 amATL-FLL 1h 54mnonstop $40Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Thu, Dec 14 8:05 pm - 10:00 pmFLL-ATL 1h 55mnonstop 8:29 pm - 10:28 pmATL-FLL 1h 59mnonstop $41Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Mon, Dec 18 9:20 pm - 11:26 pmFLL-ATL 2h 06mnonstop 5:21 am - 7:15 amATL-FLL 1h 54mnonstop $42Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Mon, Jan 8 1:16 pm - 3:14 pmFLL-ATL 1h 58mnonstop 2:12 pm - 4:05 pmATL-FLL 1h 53mnonstop $44Frontier Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Tue, Dec 19 6:54 pm - 9:07 pmFLL-ATL 2h 13mnonstop 8:20 am - 10:23 amATL-FLL 2h 03mnonstop $48Frontier Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Sun, Jan 14 8:59 pm - 11:00 pmFLL-ATL 2h 01mnonstop 9:15 pm - 11:05 pmATL-FLL 1h 50mnonstop $178Delta Find Deal Mon, May 6 - Sun, Jun 2 10:04 pm - 11:58 pmFLL-ATL 1h 54mnonstop 7:15 am - 9:04 amATL-FLL 1h 49mnonstop $188JetBlue Find Deal Thu, Mar 7 - Mon, Mar 11 Show more results Flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? The average price of all flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Atlanta on a Tuesday and more expensive on a Sunday. On your return trip to Fort Lauderdale, you should consider flying back on a Tuesday, and avoid Saturdays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta is August, where tickets cost $81 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and November, where the average cost of tickets is $137 and $133 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 68 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Spirit Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $18. KAYAK users also found Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta round-trip flights on Spirit Airlines from $27 and on Frontier from $38. Which airlines fly most frequently between Fort Lauderdale and Atlanta? Delta connects Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta up to 5 flights per day, followed by Spirit Airlines (4 flights per day), and Frontier (one flight per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Fort Lauderdale and Atlanta? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta. They are: Delta, Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $34 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Fort Lauderdale and Atlanta per day? Each day, there are between 12 and 22 nonstop flights that take off from Fort Lauderdale and land in Atlanta, with an average flight time of 1h 59m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 106 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Fort Lauderdale and Atlanta? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta take? Direct flights cover the 582 miles separating Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta in about 1h 54m. What’s the earliest departure time from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Fort Lauderdale at 5:00 am and will be landing in Atlanta at 7:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta jets off at 10:12 pm and lands at 12:06 am. Good to know Low season January High season November Cheapest flight $18 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 2% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 23% increase in price. Flight from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta When to book flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta Which Atlanta airport is ideal if you want to visit Zoo Atlanta? Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport (ATL) is the ideal airport to fly into for exploring Zoo Atlantic. This is because the distance from the airport to the Zoo is walkable, with lots of transport options available at the airport. Are there lounges available at Fort Lauderdale Airport (FLL)? Yes, there are several lounges in FLL. In terminal 2, you will find Delta Sky Club, which serves Delta Airlines customers. In addition, Escape Lounge is found in Terminal 3. Both lounges serve customers with food and drinks, conference facilities, showers, and flight monitors. How to get from Fort Lauderdale Airport (FLL) from downtown? One of the ways to get from the city center to Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) is by using the Line 119 bus and Line 01 bus. You can also consider picking an Amtrak train from downtown, which is a short distance away in addition to being a cheaper option. Are there car rentals at Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport? Different car rental companies are located in ATL. The facility houses over 10 rental car brands with different car types. The airport's rental center is a few minutes walk from the airport, easily accessible by a Skytrain. Connect to the rental center through the automated electric train that connects travelers to the rental center, departing every 15min. Can I sleep at Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport? Yes, ATL offers travelers comfortable overnight stays. Some common seeping spots in ATL are found in Concourse F and International Terminal. In addition, you can avoid camping out of the airport by renting a sleeping cabin at Concourse B. Moreover, Concourse D’s mezzanine floor features several chairs that you can push together to create a makeshift bed. Can I get special assistance services at Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport? Yes, ATL is designed to facilitate movement for those with special needs. The airport hosts multi-sensory rooms to offer a calming environment for travelers with autism. Also, the lobbies have bathrooms that are signed for easy wheelchair access. A free wheelchair-accessible shuttle picks up travelers with mobility challenges from the airport's Airport Park-Ride facility to the check-in desks. Does Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport have any restaurants? Air Margaritaville can be found in Terminal 1 of Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport and serves Mexican-inspired meals and appetizers, while Fresh Attractions Food Truck in Terminal 2 has a variety of healthy to-go options. Pei Wei Asian Diner is in Terminal 3 and is a popular Chinese restaurant. Is there anywhere to smoke at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport? Smoking is strictly banned inside of every terminal of Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. If you need to smoke, you will have to go outside of the Departures terminal and be at least 20 ft away from all doors and open windows. Always check and see if there is an official airport sign banning cigarettes before smoking somewhere. How do I use public transportation to go from Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport to the city center? The MARTA bus 191 has a stop outside of the Arrivals terminal at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport and will take you to the Clayton County Justice Center that is in the city’s downtown. One-way tickets are $2.50, or you can buy a one-day pass for $9. Where do I pick up my rental car from Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport has a rental car center that is located next to the main airport. It can be reached by taking the ATL SkyTrain for free and is home to 12 different rental companies including Enterprise, Avis, and Budget. All cars are located within walking distance of the center. Do I need a passport to fly between Fort Lauderdale and Atlanta? A passport is not required to fly from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta flight route: JetBlue, Delta, Cape Air, Iberia, Air Canada, British Airways, Alaska Airlines, and American Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Fort Lauderdale and Atlanta, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? There are nonstop flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $143 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $168 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Atlanta from Fort Lauderdale is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Atlanta with an airline and back to Fort Lauderdale with another airline. Booking your flights between Fort Lauderdale and ATL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Atlanta from Fort Lauderdale up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from FLL to Atlanta Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $64 or less one-way and $76 or less round-trip. The Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta route is responsible for emitting 1437 lb of CO₂ per person on average. However, you can book your flight with a more sustainable flight such as Frontier and Spirit Airlines, which feature environment-friendly flights. They have adopted the use of renewable sources with lower emissions and less environmental impact. To fly to Atlanta, you will likely fly from Fort Lauderdale Airport (FLL) to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport (ATL), the best route with high traveler traffic. An alternative arrival airport to consider when booking your flight is Peachtree–DeKalb Airport (PDK) if you want a smaller airport experience. If you want to break up your flight, consider flights with layovers along this route. Alaska Airlines stops at Seattle/Tacoma Intl (SEA) while United Airlines has a layover at Houston George Bush Intcntl (IAH) along the FLL-ATL route. Other popular layovers include Chicago O'Hare Intl (ORD) and Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl (IAD). Both JetBlue and Southwest offer flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta that come with amenities such as free checked baggage and complimentary snacks. If you don’t mind having a layover during your journey, Delta has a wide selection of flights with in-flight entertainment. If you need to finish a project or make a work-related phone call, go to the Business Service Center that is in Terminal 2 of Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL). This center has individual work stations, a currency exchange desk, copy machines, and access to the airport’s Wi-Fi. To keep yourself entertained while waiting for your flight from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta to begin boarding, look for one of the live music shows that frequently take place in each terminal of Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. To learn more about the official performance schedule and see which groups are playing in each terminal, go to one of the Visitor Information desks. For travelers that want to shower after being cooped up in a plane, head to the Club at ATL in Concourse F of Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL). In addition to having traditional amenities such as snacks, televisions, and newspapers, this lounge also has several private shower stalls as well as toiletries. To quickly charge your cell phone before heading to the baggage claim, rent a Fuel Rod Charger from one of the terminals in Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport. These portable charging systems are compatible with almost all charging cords and can charge portable devices up to two times quicker than normal. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson? Find which airlines fly direct from Fort Lauderdale to Hartsfield-Jackson, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 87boarding 90crew 84comfort 78food 86overall 80entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "I almost got a chance to sleep." Cons: "One of the people with a crying baby in the seat behind me decided to sit in the seat next to me. I just wanted to sleep. It was a miserable experience for me." Pros: "I almost got a chance to sleep." Cons: "One of the people with a crying baby in the seat behind me decided to sit in the seat next to me. I just wanted to sleep. It was a miserable experience for me." Pros: "The crew was great and the flight was OK...there were some bumps along the way." Cons: "The seat could have been a bit more comfortable." Cons: "We sat at the gate for nearly 2 1/2 hours after boarding flight Atlanta to Orlando! Very poor explanation and it was very hot on the airplane!" Pros: "Flight attendants were welcoming and VERY accommodating. They were super nice and made me feel comfortable. I have a spinal injury (also a bigger person) and I got an extra seat to be more comfortable. They made sure the seat was available for me before I boarded. it Was a refreshing experience." Cons: "It was wonderful. No complaints" Pros: "Crew was funny and had a sense of humor, especially regarding the safety instructions." Cons: "Free Wifi. Paying for it is silly as ticket prices are expensive anyways." Pros: "I was really comfortable and pleased with the amenities. Free WiFi chat and movies." Cons: "Nothing! I’ll be choosing Southwest as my primary airline now." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "If there’s a “medical emergency” at the gate, 20 minutes BEFORE we board, maybe don’t let the person board before everyone else, then proceed with the medical evaluation and subsequent escorting the person back off the flight. Someone should’ve known that that person wasn’t fit for a cross country" Pros: "SWA excellent and as efficient as usual they never disappoint me always look forward to flying with them." Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "The window blind was busted so I wasn’t able to close it" Pros: "The wifi" Cons: "There was no food service due to turbulence so that wasn’t good besides that everything else was good!" Pros: "The crew was very nice on all four flights: ATL-FLL-CUN and CUN-FLL-ATL" Cons: "I did not like the boarding in CUN returning to FLL The boarding was delayed because of the security pat-down at the gate. The video got cut-off mid-flight and was never properly restored." Pros: "The flight was more or less on time." Cons: "Power outlets at seat and a more responsive entertainment system. A bit more friendliness in the service" Cons: "Flight was delayed over an hour in take off. After landing in Atlanta an employee got her ‘ID stuck’ in the jet bridge and so far we have been on the plane for over an hour since landing. Worst experience ever. Will not be flying with jet blue again" Pros: "Tv control broken with wires coming out of the arm rest in all seats of the same row." Pros: "Comfortable roomy seating, very clean plane" Cons: "Honestly nothing... One of the best flights I've ever had" Cons: "My flight was delayed by 3 hours both on the way there and back" Pros: "Boarding was smooth and on time, offer to check baggage, plenty of overhead space, spacious cabin for coach, variety of complentary drink and snack options, friendly and helpful staff. No long waits to taxi or arrive to gate." Cons: "Wish we had TV/ movie function on Northbound flight, had it on Southbound flight." Pros: "Generally it was pleasant , crew were polite and friendly" Cons: "It’s an absolute disgrace that the plane was kept at such a freezing temperature , even when asked for it to be made warmer, people were coughing and trying to keep warm. I will not fly jet blue again after this . Even the check in are was freezing. Why" Pros: "Leaving on time, the flight attendants were nice and the seats on the plane were spacious." Pros: "That no one was sitting next to me." Cons: "Cabin staff had disagreement with customer sitting in front of me. She didn’t handle it well and was trying to force a hand shake but the customer didn’t want to. Then she threatens opening the door as if to have him removed. She didn’t. Her behavior was overboard." Trump was still the flight attendants very professional funny you felt right at home Pros: "The crew was helpful but left you alone unless you needed something." Cons: "Travelers who have already had covid need to stop wearing masks!" Pros: "Very clean and safe. Practicing social distancing. Provided hand sanitizer wipes and snacks in a bag" Cons: "When disembarking the plane there should have been more organization for social distancing. There shouldn’t be people standing over your trying to hurry and get off the plane. Everyone should stay seated until it’s time for your row to get off. None of the flight staff made people do this" Pros: "Flight to Atlanta was good going to watch a movie. Missed our connecting flight in Atlanta due to sitting on the tarmac for 25 minutes" Cons: "Do not put your connecting flights one terminal miles away from the other terminal" Cons: "We had problem with the airplane brake but the crew made the transition to the other plane so smooth. Amazing job to this delta crew." Pros: "The crew was light spirited. Took the angst out of the long stressful wait" Cons: "Punctuality. Flight was 2 hours late" Cons: "Check your planes thoroughly before placing passengers on it. The pressurized cabin almost killed us!!" Pros: "The crew was polite and attentive the entertainment was good. Every thing else was pretty disappointing. The bathrooms onboard were pretty Dirty. The flight was delayed and no overhead baggage space. For such a long and delayed flight they gave me one pack of cheez it. Terrible value for money :(" Cons: "More snacks considering the delay. Maybe even a some sort of credit for my time wasted." Pros: "There was no flight" Cons: "Flight left without notification. This was my dads connecting flight and it was missed, due to delays." Cons: "1. Board the plane from back to front! It is ridiculous the way it is currently done. 2. Get people to announce boarding who speak CLEAR English. 3. Further limit carry-on luggage." Pros: "The crew was very pleasant and the flight was comfortable." Cons: "I don’t understand the concept of the ability to use your mobile device for entertainment, yet not having a power source to charge your device." Pros: "Nice seats with plenty of leg room. Friendly crew. Smooth flight." Pros: "Ummm . . . the colors?" Cons: "10 years ago, American was a great airline. It has just gone down and down. The flight attendants are miserable, grabbing things out of your hand when they come to collect stuff before landing. No smiles, no grace. The plane was old, but also poorly cleaned between flights, so the bathrooms on our LAX-Atlanta flight smelled of urine from minute 1--you can imagine how they smelled by the time we landed. There was trash in my seat-back pocket when I took my seat. Supposedly food was available for purchase, but I couldn't activate the food menu, only the drinks menu, on my little seatback screen, so I just waited until I got to Atlanta to eat." Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "Old plane, prezels are boring, it was cold during the flight" Pros: "Crew was great..." Cons: "Nothing really off...just wish there were outlets for recharging devices. Thanks!" Pros: "Fast and much more efficient than the previous leg of our trip" Cons: "Missed flight in DFW. All other flights full. Had to reroute thru Miami" Pros: "upbeat happy crew. Service of drinks was pleasant and helpful." Cons: "Cramped seat room." Pros: "Friendly crew" Cons: "Couldn't use WiFi to watch Netflix or YouTube so our 2 year old would be entertained" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "My first flight was delayed so I had to run 10mins non stop to my connecting flight to HNL. When I get to my flight they changed my seat to a middle seat. I don’t book a flight unless I have a window seat, so I asked them to change it back to a window seat. They were unable to but offered me a flight the next day, which is unacceptable. Then I arrive to my destination and I have no luggage. I was able to make my connecting flight but somehow my luggage was not. When I inquired about my lost luggage I was told to check baggage claim later tonight. No clear answer on how to get my luggage." Pros: "The flight attendants were very courteous." Cons: "Seats are way too close together. I am 6’ tall and if I wasn’t sitting with my rear pressed against the back of the seat, my knees were jammed into the seat in front of me. Zero elbow room. I’m fairly skinny and still thank god I had the aisle seat because with arms at my sides, my shoulders touched the small woman next to me and stuck into the aisle so that when the drink cart came by I had to physically lean toward the windows to get out of the way. No entertainment unless paid for, which is fine, except that the flight attendant and the announcements both stated that at least a movie was included. Outdated jet. No where to charge anything. Couldn’t work on my computer because to type, my elbow took up most of the other persons seat." Pros: "Quiet flight." Cons: "Our luggage didn’t make it to us in its entirety." Pros: "Everybody was wonderful. All the staff were friendly and the flight was great." Cons: "I volunteered to gate check my instruments (which I NEVER do because it’s not my hobby, it’s my livelihood). When I did, I made very clear that I’ll ONLY do it if it’s handed to me at the gate when I arrive. It CANNOT go into baggage claim because it’s 2 $3000, left handed, vintage Paul McCartney basses packed in one bag. The gentleman assured me that I’d have it handed to me upon arrival. It isn’t designed to go through the rough handling of people I’ve never met or trusted. So I got to Denver and waited at the gate until someone told me, “oh no that’s gonna be down in baggage claim” Needless to say, I’m scared to death and I don’t even know where $6000 worth of instruments of mine, is right now. I wish people would communicate when they promise things." Pros: "The crew was friendly and helpful. We were always informed of what was going on." Pros: "The flight attendants were fairly nice and understanding .!" Cons: "At first the flight was okay with minimal tuberlance , later in the flight the pilot seem as if she lost control at one point . Not to mention the landing was by far the worst landing ever . We were late and the landing was horrible , I thought we were going to crash. On top of that we were late which was a big inconvenience to find out my flight was a four hour delay and I had to be at work. I'm very unhappy . No reimbursement , no change of flight no courtesy flight. This is my first time flying and I'm NOT impressed at all.! I watch the girl throw around our luggage with mine being damaged as I watched her throw my bag around .! That is unfair and by far the worst experience ever!" Pros: "Everything went good. Crew was professional, flight was on time" Pros: "The flight wasn't too packed." Cons: "My husband and I flew from Newark to Atlanta on 03/12/2017 with United. My husband is active duty military and Alicia assisted us with checking in our baggage. She was very kind and helpful. After retrieving our tickets, we went through Security and my goodness, the process at Newark is awful and TSA WAS EXTREMELY RUDE. That's besides the point. Our flight was delayed because the pilot was not there. Our departure was at 0605 and we didn't leave until 0630. Everyone boarded the plane and we were waiting for the pilot. Then the crew members were pretty rude and not friendly. I know it's an early bird flight but jeez, they can be a little nicer. One stewardess had high heel boots and literally would stomp up and down the aisle. Then she kept saying my purse was not under my seat which it clearly was. I don't know where else she'd like me to put it, maybe in the passengers seat in front of me. I would probably not fly United unless I have no other choice." Pros: "All was handled beautifully!! Great flight and we arrived early!!" Pros: "The entire crew was so nice! They engaged with everyone!" Southwest8.4 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/11Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 06mFLL-ATL $18 Search 12/19Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 58mFLL-ATL $19 Search 12/15Fri nonstopFrontier 1h 58mFLL-ATL $20 Search 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 05mFLL-ATL $21 Search 1/1Mon nonstopDelta 2h 03mFLL-ATL $85 Search 1/2Tue nonstopJetBlue 1h 54mFLL-ATL $99 Search 12/10Sun nonstopJetBlue 1h 57mFLL-ATL $112 Search 1/2Tue nonstopDelta 2h 01mFLL-ATL $199 Search 12/15Fri 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 9h 33mFLL-ATL $235 Search 12/5Tue 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 10h 37mFLL-ATL $237 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaJetBlueAmerican Airlines Search by price$20 or less$20 or less$100 or less$200 or less$240 or less Last minute flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 58mFLL-ATL 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 53mATL-FLL $49 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 1h 58mFLL-ATL 12/9Sat nonstop 1h 57mATL-FLL $51 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 06mFLL-ATL 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 57mATL-FLL $57 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 58mFLL-ATL 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 53mATL-FLL $58 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 58mFLL-ATL 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 1h 53mATL-FLL $61 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 06mFLL-ATL 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 57mATL-FLL $64 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 1h 58mFLL-ATL 12/9Sat multi-stop 10h 36mATL-FLL $65 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 58mFLL-ATL 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 53mATL-FLL $68 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 55mFLL-ATL 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 57mATL-FLL $76 Search 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 1h 56mFLL-ATL 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 1h 56mATL-FLL $244 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDelta Search by price$50 or less$60 or less$60 or less$70 or less$240 or less Fort Lauderdale - Atlanta Flights Departure: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Destination: Atlanta (ATL)United States Return flight deals: Atlanta - Fort Lauderdale Cabin classes: $738 First Class flights to Atlanta $640 Business Class flights to Atlanta $389 Prem Econ Class flights to Atlanta $38 Economy Class flights to Atlanta Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $35Flights from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $35Flights to Atlanta, Atlanta Compare transportation modes for Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta Average price Average duration Flights $678 1h 55m Buses $208 14h 59m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Charlotte Flights to Burbank Flights to Nashville Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Atlanta flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Atlanta from Fort Lauderdale. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Atlanta from Fort Lauderdale. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.