Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to New York from $37 | (ORD - NYC) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ORD - NYC Find cheap flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York from $37 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/19. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to New York These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to New York. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to New York. How much is the cheapest flight from O'Hare Intl to New York?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from O'Hare Intl to New York that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:20 pm - 7:31 pmORD-LGA 2h 11mnonstop 8:34 pm - 10:05 pmLGA-ORD 2h 31mnonstop $78Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Tue, Jan 23 4:20 pm - 7:31 pmORD-LGA 2h 11mnonstop 8:34 pm - 10:05 pmLGA-ORD 2h 31mnonstop $79Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Tue, Jan 23 7:10 am - 10:24 amORD-EWR 2h 14mnonstop 8:32 pm - 10:20 pmEWR-ORD 2h 48mnonstop $118United Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Sun, Jan 14 6:00 am - 9:22 amORD-LGA 2h 22mnonstop 6:00 am - 7:40 amLGA-ORD 2h 40mnonstop $118Delta Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Mon, Jan 15 5:40 pm - 9:00 pmORD-JFK 2h 20mnonstop 3:00 pm - 4:44 pmJFK-ORD 2h 44mnonstop $118JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Sat, Jan 20 8:15 pm - 11:28 pmORD-EWR 2h 13mnonstop 7:05 pm - 8:56 pmEWR-ORD 2h 51mnonstop $128United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Mar 6 - Wed, Mar 13 10:55 am - 2:12 pmORD-JFK 2h 17mnonstop 11:30 am - 1:28 pmJFK-ORD 2h 58mnonstop $128Delta Find Deal Wed, Mar 6 - Tue, Mar 19 9:13 am - 12:29 pmORD-JFK 2h 16mnonstop 3:23 pm - 7:51 pmJFK-ORD 5h 28m1 stop $130JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Feb 20 - Tue, Feb 20 1:57 pm - 5:02 pmORD-EWR 2h 05mnonstop 1:34 pm - 3:15 pmEWR-ORD 2h 41mnonstop $138American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Wed, Jan 24 5:16 pm - 8:30 pmORD-JFK 2h 14mnonstop 9:00 am - 11:01 amJFK-ORD 3h 01mnonstop $148American Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Tue, Jan 9 Show more results Flights from O'Hare Intl to New York - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from O'Hare Intl to New York to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to New York flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to New York. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to New York cost $79 and was between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and New York LaGuardia Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $88. What is the cheapest month to fly from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to New York? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to New York is January, where tickets cost $189 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $310 and $276 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to New York? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to New York, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 83 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York were found on Spirit Airlines ($78) and JetBlue ($118). Spirit Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $37. Which airlines fly most frequently between Chicago O'Hare Airport and New York? Chicago O'Hare Airport and New York are connected by different airlines. The airlines that fly that route the most regularly are United Airlines (15 flights per day), American Airlines (12 flights per day), and Delta (11 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and New York? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to New York. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to New York. They are: American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with JetBlue at $79 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and New York per day? Each day, there are between 33 and 55 nonstop flights that take off from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and land in New York, with an average flight time of 2h 14m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at New York LaGuardia Airport. Each week, there are 300 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and New York? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York take? The duration of a nonstop flight to New York from Chicago O'Hare Airport is typically 2h 02m. The journey crosses a distance of 725 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport at 6:00 am and will be landing in New York at 9:02 am. What’s the latest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to New York jets off at 9:35 pm and lands at 12:44 am. Good to know Low season January High season December Cheapest flight $37 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 11% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 1% increase in price. Flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York LaGuardia Airport When to book flights from O'Hare Intl to New York Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from O'Hare Intl to New York based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York flights What is the best way to get to downtown New York from John F. Kennedy International (JFK) Airport? If you’ll be landing at JKF from ORD, bear in mind that the airport sits about 17.3 miles from the city center of New York. Those connecting to Manhattan on a budget should use the subway, and it’ll take you about 1h to reach there. However, if you’re keen to get there quickly, a taxi will get you there in under 45min. Which is the best arrival airport if I want to visit the Statue of Liberty? Whether you’ll be arriving at Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) or JFK, you’ll get direct trains and subways connecting to the iconic Statue of Liberty. EWR is the closest of the two airports, sitting only 7 miles away. The distance between JFK and the Statue of Liberty is around 14.1 miles. Are there hotels at the airports in New York? Those scheduled to arrive late in New York from ORD should plan and reserve a room in any of the accommodation options near the various airports. If you’ll be arriving via EWR, gran a room at the Courtyard by Marriott Newark Downtown. Are there lactating rooms at the airports in New York? Families arriving in New York from ORD through LaGuardia Airport (LGA) will find Mamava Pods at the disposal of breastfeeding moms. They’re located in terminals in every terminal, and are ideal for those who want to pump and breastfeed in privacy. Do I need a passport to fly between Chicago O'Hare Airport and New York? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airports will I be using when flying from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York? Chicago O'Hare Airport is served by only 1 airport and there are 3 airports in New York. You will leave Chicago O'Hare Airport from Chicago O'Hare Intl and you will be arriving in New York at one of these airports: Newark, New York John F Kennedy Intl, or New York LaGuardia. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York? American Airlines, JetBlue, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York? The Airbus A319 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and New York, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York? There are nonstop flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Chicago to New York, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Chicago to New York are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $237 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $226 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to New York from Chicago O'Hare Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to New York with an airline and back to Chicago O'Hare Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to New York? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to New York from Chicago O'Hare Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Chicago to New York Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $129 or less one-way and $229 or less round-trip. If you’re flying aboard United Airlines, remember that the carrier runs its hub at Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD). Travelers on this carrier use Terminal 1 while departing for New York. Before departure, you can relax at the United Polaris lounge located in Terminal 1 in Concourse C inside of security, adjacent to gate C18. Anyone can access the lounge after paying for the days pass, regardless of the airline you’re flying in. Those planning to leave early in the morning from Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) to New York should endeavor to sleep in one of many hotels adjacent to this facility. Typically, such establishments provide courtesy shuttles to and from the terminal. Hampton Inn & Suites Rosemont Chicago O'Hare and Chicago Marriott Suites O'Hare are among the two recommended hotels. Suppose you’re flying American Airlines. In that case, you can bring your furry friends into the cabin. Nevertheless, check with the management in case there are any changes in their pet policy, particularly on the kind of pets to bring. Usually, the airline allows you to bring household animals including cats, dogs, and rabbits. Religious passengers who are looking to prayer before their flight from ORD to New York will be glad to know that facility features a prayer room where you can have a private moment with your maker. This suite is located on the Mezzanine level of Terminal 2, atop the Delta Air Lines ticket desks, near USO. ORD has four terminals; three domestic terminals 1, 2 and 3, and one international terminal 5. There are regular shuttles connecting between the domestic terminals. However, as the international terminal is not directly linked to any of the domestic terminals, there’s an Airport Transit System to get you there. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Chicago O'Hare Intl to New York? Find which airlines fly direct from O'Hare Intl to New York, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Chicago O'Hare Intl to New York Search Flights Monday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +31 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +32 more 30 31 Tuesday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +30 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +31 more 29 30 Wednesday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +31 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +32 more 30 31 Thursday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +30 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +31 more 29 30 Friday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +30 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +31 more 29 30 Saturday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +30 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +31 more 29 30 Sunday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +30 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +31 more 29 30 See more direct flights Nonstop returns New York to Chicago O'Hare Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Air Europa, Air France, +28 more ANA, Air Europa, +29 more 27 28 Tuesday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +32 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +33 more 31 32 Wednesday ANA, Air Europa, Air France, +27 more ANA, Air Europa, +28 more 26 27 Thursday ANA, Air Europa, Air France, +28 more ANA, Air Europa, +29 more 27 28 Friday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +28 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +29 more 27 28 Saturday ANA, Air Europa, Air France, +27 more ANA, Air Europa, +28 more 26 27 Sunday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +28 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +29 more 27 28 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to New York See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Chicago to New York. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to New York? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14219 reviews 78food 80entertainment 86overall 90crew 84comfort 87boarding Airline reviews Pros: "I was grateful for the social distancing and the crew was very pleasant." Pros: "I was grateful for the social distancing and the crew was very pleasant." Cons: "Wi-Fi constantly in and out, causing battery to drain quickly. Priority boarding was finished within 5 minutes of initial boarding time. For someone who had a broken leg, this was extremely frustrating" Pros: "n/a" Cons: "Inform guests as to WHY we were delayed. Luckily I changed my flight that still had delays and NO indication as to why." Pros: "Crew was amazing boarding process was ok." Cons: "Seats could be more comfortable and cleanliness of the plan could be better." Cons: "Courteous service is there. I do not think of anything better." Pros: "The Stewardests were super funny and had a general good vibe. I fly around the world on many different airlines for work and pleasure. Normally i dont notice the staff so much. On this flight, the crew stood out. They had a good, dry sence of humor and were genuine. That was special to me. Rad vibes! My seat neighbor had an emotional sport dog that snuggled me . The flight attendant noticed and shared her dog pics and stories. Felt good to fly with good people. Thanks" Cons: "Being on airplane's always kinda sucks. Best flight staff I've had ever tho" Cons: "Hot plane. Poor circulation of air. WiFi constantly disconnected and slow. Poor communication from crew about status of what was going on when entering airspace of LGA. We circled LGA for quite some time with no explanation. Then sat on the tarmac. In fact I’m writing this review from the plane. It was due at the gate almost an hour ago. No one can use the restroom since over 90 minutes ago. Plane is still hot and many very dissatisfied. Southwest needs to get its act together in these kinds of situations so people know what to expect." Pros: "Service frequently interrupted because of turbulence; they apologized profusely and made sure everyone had what they needed" Pros: "The crew on the flight was EXCELLENT!!!! I absolutely love SOUTHWEST but was disappointed with the boarding captain. Maybe he was young but his attitude towards those passengers could have been a bit better. And they were musicians with instruments." Cons: "Boarding needs to be more attentive to elderly passengers. (Senior Citizens)" Pros: "Newer plane, a bit roomier." Cons: "Delayed 5 different times. The crews were a bit snotty and unattractive." Pros: "Andrew and James the flight attendants were fantastic. The flight crew was great. Very smooth flight." Pros: "Timing of the flight was always good. Efficient flying. Crew was super helpful too even when passengers were a bit too much." Pros: "Everything was superb! The airline I prefer did a great job! The seats, the food selections, the staff - everything!" Cons: "Nothing. Everything was just perfect!" Pros: "The crew was very happy and welcoming." Cons: "We were late and I missed my flight. I was told Flt 452 from LAX to JFK is notoriously late. Also, there could have been more updates about our delayed arrival." Pros: "Crew is always lovely on these flights. attentive and courteous." Cons: "I got bumped to first class. Which sounds amazing, until you realize it’s the worst first class you’ve ever experienced." Pros: "The crew did very well. The seats could have been a little more comfortable, the lumbar could have been a bit more stiff for lower back support, the arm rest up and down function did not work, and a little more space between rows and seats would have made it more comfortable." Cons: "The seats could have been a little more comfortable, the lumbar could have been a bit more stiff for lower back support, the arm rest up and down function did not work, and a little more space between rows and seats would have made it more comfortable. The bathroom was too narrow." Cons: "No seat assigned at check in. I got the window seat on the last row, right next to toilet and not reclining. :( No entertainment system on such a long flight unless you rent a tablet from them" Pros: "Crew was so accommodating! Excellent service and personality. Smooth easy flight" Pros: "Crew was friendly and fun. Seats were roomy with plenty of leg room." Cons: "No soap in bathroom stall. Told crew who tried to correct it but it was broken. Boo..." Pros: "The Crew from check in to flight was amazing! Service with a Big huge smile." Cons: "Nothing to dislike." Pros: "Complimentary snacks and drinks." Cons: "Broken seat back, broken tray table, audio input didn't work." Cons: "Newer plane with less issues. Wasn’t comfortable at all and should be cleaner." Pros: "Seats are comfortable, main reason I like this airline. Crew was nice." Cons: "The screens on the back of the seats are showing their age and the controls on the armrests are causing your neighbor to change your channel or the brightness of the screen. Letting everyone stream content to their own devices would probably be a better option, with safe charging available." Cons: "Boarding took a long time. We were waiting in the tunnel for longer than usual." Pros: "Service" Cons: "Seat cushions need to be replaced! Plane seats were not cleaned either" Pros: "You can always count on JetBlue for good snacks and free WiFi." Cons: "But the snacks and free WiFi is not enough to payback the delayed departure experience. Just a week prior, my JetBlue flight was scheduled on time and then three things delayed thre flight for three hours right before we took off and now this! I was told it was due to needing to replace a crew member from another delayed flight. How can that affect so many people? The seat was also super uncomfortable and the back of the cushion was rolling forward, which made it hard to sit for that long. we also didn’t have a gate when we landed so that added on an extra 30minutes. Really disappointed." Pros: "The flight was very smooth and the staff was very nice." Cons: "The wifi did not work at all and my TV did not work so I had to listen to my music the entire trip." Cons: "My first flight was delayed an hour due to pilot error (we left the gate on time, but sat on the tarmac for an hour). This caused me to miss my connecting flight, which stranded me at JFK because they only had one flight per day to my destination. JetBlue's customer service told me I could not reach my destination until the next day, which was unacceptable (I had a morning interview). In fact, the only thing they said they could do was *PARTIALLY* refund my ticket, even though they stranded me in a completely different city. They also said I would "be able to" book a new flight with a different carrier, which cost roughly $400, using my own money. In the end, I spent about an hour talking with customer service until they were "nice enough" to do a partial refund with an additional credit equaling the remainder of my $400 ticket to fly with them in the future. It was still a very poor interaction with customer service." Pros: "I appreciate that they let families with strollers board after Group A, there seems to be more space than the major carriers, and the snacks are good!" Cons: "My Satellite XM radio didn’t seem to be working." Pros: "This flight is 3 + hours delayed, and I think it’s because Jet Blue didn’t have a full flight for the 8:30 am departure, this is unacceptable and I need to be compensated for my time Winston White" Cons: "This flight is 3 + hours delayed, and I think it’s because Jet Blue didn’t have a full flight for the 8:30 am departure, this is unacceptable and I need to be compensated for my time Winston White" Pros: "Kosher snacks! Thank you. Screens and outlets at every seat. Safe, controlled Covid protocols including de-boarding. Excellent!" Pros: "Delta flight took extra precaution to keep all passengers safe before during and after the flight. They communicate effectively during the flight. I will be flying Delta again and again." Cons: "The trip was great" Pros: "The crew was very friendly and it was a day fast flight." Cons: "No back of seat entertainment." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "We were traveling international in Twitter after contacting we were told we can carry one checked baggage but then we were not allowed and at gate they didn’t know the procedure and repeatedly checked our passport Poor customer service" Cons: "Flight delayed 3 hours, then a seats were very cramped and uncomfortable" Cons: "I would ask that the gate does not share in detail reason for delay in seat assignment is related to getting a family sitting together when the basic rules should apply unilaterally." Pros: "There was an incredibly large passenger next to me and I was essentially afforded only a quarter of my seat. It is not really fair for anyone to have to sit next to someone taking up twice their seat." Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Cons: "the flight was delayed and so I missed my train home" Cons: "Seat assignment for me and my traveling companion was done at gate. We had to sit in 2 different rows." Cons: "Keep the business and star alliance gold boarding lanes open and exclusive for the respective customers for use at any time whenever they show up at the gate. Otherwise it is a chaos to board along with economy. Also, everything was broken in my business seat" Pros: "The seats were comfortable and more variety when it comes to entertainment. And better head phones!!!" Pros: "The food wasn’t bad, but Avianca used to give out more refreshments multiple times during the flight . Now they just give out water." Cons: "More comfortable seat. Leg room was very limited compared to other airlines." Cons: "The remote control in one of our seats didn't work" Cons: "There was no communication by Avianca staff & crew regarding the flight delay. I had a 10:49pm flight from BOG to JFK. Apparently the flight was delayed until 2:00am. I did not get an email or text alert relating to the delay. When I checked in at 9:00pm, the counter agent did not alert me to the change in departure time. It wasn't until I looked at the Departure board in the Avianca lounge did I know of the 3+ hr. delay. When we finally boarded, at least the captain was kind enough to explain the reason for the delay - Avianca needed to change aircrafts, then the originally slated captain called in sick and his replacement had to wait out the required time off as he had just completed a long haul flight from Canada to Colombia. Great job running a company Avianca..." Cons: "Gate was changed 3 times. Fight was delayed 30 mins. No entertainment." Cons: "Avianca decided to strand a bunch of passengers at 2am and the reason was that the pilot was "sick." When we asked to be switched to a different flight so we would not have to wait until 2pm the next day, they eventually booked us on an early flight. We stayed in the airport overnight in anticipation of this flight. The next morning they informed us 10 minutes before boarding that they delayed that flight so we could no longer make our connection. We had to spend 15 hours total in Bogota airport before being able to go home. Avianca used to never be this inconsistent with flights. They should not be allowed to do whatever they wish to passengers flights and offer minimal compensation when they inconvenience customers." Pros: "Last minute cancellation without any reasonable information, no respect for passengers." Cons: "They flight wasnt operated by avianca. The planes the service the food horrible." Pros: "The crew was great and the pilot was faster than I expected." Cons: "Dry food & uncomfortable seat to sleep in." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Book cheap flights from Chicago to New York Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Chicago to New York found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/19Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 11mORD-LGA $37 Search 1/24Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 11mORD-LGA $39 Search 3/3Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 59mORD-LGA $59 Search 1/30Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 15mORD-EWR $59 Search 1/13Sat nonstopJetBlue 2h 20mORD-JFK $59 Search 3/26Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 16mORD-JFK $69 Search 1/9Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 06mORD-EWR $71 Search 12/20Wed nonstopDelta 2h 28mORD-LGA $79 Search 1/11Thu 1 stopDelta 4h 21mORD-EWR $79 Search 1/4Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 15mORD-EWR $94 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesJetBlueDelta Search by price$40 or less$60 or less$70 or less$80 or less$90 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to New York Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Chicago to New York that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 11mORD-LGA 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 31mLGA-ORD $129 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 11mORD-LGA 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 31mLGA-ORD $158 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 14mORD-JFK 12/9Sat nonstopJetBlue 2h 52mJFK-ORD $198 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 12mORD-JFK 12/6Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 10mJFK-ORD $206 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 57mORD-JFK 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 10mJFK-ORD $207 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopJetBlue 24h 20mORD-JFK 12/6Wed nonstopJetBlue 2h 52mJFK-ORD $225 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 2h 29mORD-JFK 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 2h 49mJFK-ORD $273 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 5h 41mORD-JFK 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 2h 49mJFK-ORD $283 Search 12/5Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 12mORD-EWR 12/13Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 4h 14mEWR-ORD $318 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 12mORD-EWR 12/6Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 46mEWR-ORD $353 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$160 or less$210 or less$230 or less$280 or less$350 or less Chicago O'Hare Airport - New York Flights Departure: Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD)United States Return flight deals: New York - Chicago O'Hare Airport Cabin classes: $447 First Class flights to New York $426 Business Class flights to New York $398 Prem Econ Class flights to New York $88 Economy Class flights to New York Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $78Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to New York Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » New York State » New York $891Flights to New Windsor, New York $108Flights to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, New York $78Flights to New York LaGuardia Airport, New York $114Flights to Newark Airport, New York Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search New York flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to New York from Chicago O'Hare Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to New York from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.