Cheap Flights from Seattle to London from $226 | (SEA - LON) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SEA - LON Find cheap flights from Seattle to London from $226 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/31. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to London These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to London. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to London. How much is the cheapest flight from Seattle to London?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Seattle to London that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 2:35 pm - 10:55 amSEA-LGW 12h 20m1 stop 12:00 pm - 5:00 pmLGW-SEA 13h 00m1 stop $514Icelandair Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Thu, Feb 15 3:35 pm - 10:55 amSEA-LGW 12h 20m1 stop 1:05 pm - 8:35 pmLGW-SEA 15h 30m1 stop $515Icelandair Find Deal Fri, Mar 29 - Sun, Apr 7 1:12 am - 7:30 amSEA-LGW 22h 18m2 stops 11:25 am - 12:44 pmLGW-SEA 33h 19m2 stops $634American Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Sun, Jan 21 4:15 pm - 9:40 amSEA-LHR 9h 25mnonstop 6:30 am - 12:10 pmLHR-SEA 13h 40m1 stop $635Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Thu, Jan 18 4:15 pm - 9:40 amSEA-LHR 9h 25mnonstop 9:00 am - 2:10 pmLHR-SEA 13h 10m1 stop $637Delta Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Sat, Feb 3 2:50 pm - 8:15 amSEA-LHR 9h 25mnonstop 6:30 am - 3:50 pmLHR-SEA 17h 20m1 stop $653Virgin Atlantic Find Deal Wed, May 1 - Wed, May 15 1:12 am - 6:20 amSEA-LHR 21h 08m1 stop 8:40 am - 9:42 pmLHR-SEA 21h 02m1 stop $656American Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Mon, Jan 22 7:40 pm - 1:15 pmSEA-LHR 9h 35mnonstop 11:15 am - 1:00 pmLHR-SEA 9h 45mnonstop $659Virgin Atlantic Find Deal Wed, May 1 - Wed, May 15 7:40 am - 10:20 amSEA-LCY 18h 40m2 stops 9:10 am - 11:05 pmLCY-SEA 21h 55m2 stops $664British Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Thu, Feb 1 6:45 pm - 12:05 pmSEA-LHR 9h 20mnonstop 1:10 pm - 10:20 pmLHR-SEA 16h 10m1 stop $670British Airways Find Deal Thu, Mar 7 - Thu, Mar 21 Show more results Flights from Seattle to London - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Seattle to London to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Seattle to London flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Seattle to London. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Seattle to London cost $555 and was between Seattle and London Heathrow Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $630. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Seattle to London? The average price of all flights from Seattle to London clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Seattle to London, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Saturday is the most expensive. Flying from London back to Seattle, the best deals are generally found on Tuesday, with Friday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Seattle to London? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Seattle to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Seattle to London is January, where tickets cost $670 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,136 and $1,093 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Seattle to London? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Seattle to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Seattle to London, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 58 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Seattle to London? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Seattle to London were found on Icelandair ($514) and Aer Lingus ($516). WestJet proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $226. Which airlines fly most frequently between Seattle and London? The airlines most regularly connecting Seattle to London are British Airways (3 flights per day), Delta (2 flights per day), and Virgin Atlantic (one flight per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Seattle and London? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Seattle to London. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Seattle to London. They are: British Airways, Delta and Virgin Atlantic. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with British Airways at $626 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at British Airways. How many flights are there between Seattle and London per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 9 nonstop flights that take off from Seattle and land in London, with an average flight time of 9h 33m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon, while the most flights land at London Heathrow Airport. Each week, there are 48 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Seattle and London? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Seattle to London take? The duration of a nonstop flight to London from Seattle is typically 9h 15m. The journey crosses a distance of 4,790 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Seattle to London? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Seattle at 1:35 pm and will be landing in London at 7:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from Seattle to London? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Seattle to London jets off at 6:45 pm and lands at 12:05 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $226 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 23% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 32% increase in price. Flight from Seattle to London Heathrow Airport When to book flights from Seattle to London Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Seattle to London based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Seattle to London Which is the best arrival airport if I want to visit Buckingham Palace? Both London Heathrow Airport (LHR) and Gatwick Airport (LGW) provide direct train and subway links to the Buckingham Palace. LHR sits around 1h away on the Piccadilly subway line, while LGW is approximately 45min away on the Southern train line or Gatwick Express. Where can I store my extra luggage at London Heathrow Airport (LHR)? Every terminal at the London Heathrow Airport (LHR) features luggage storage lockers. Those using Terminal 1 should locate the lockers on the lower level on the International Arrivals foyer. Storage duration ranges from 3h to a maximum of 90 days. Are there car rentals at Gatwick Airport (LGW)? Numerous car rental agencies provide services at the Gatwick Airport (LGW), with most of their pick-up garages situated at the North and South Terminals of LGW. It’s prudent to make early reservations if you want to get affordable rates. Are there any accessibility services available for travelers at LHR upon their arrival? London Heathrow Airport (LHR) has essential amenities like flight vending machines, information screens, and seating in every host area. Those arriving via Terminal 3 will find the host areas post-security, near World Duty Free, after the toilets. Still, the arrival terminal has wheelchair-accessible restrooms, located inside the men's and women's toilets. Dedicated agents are there to guide you through the security clearance. Are there onsite hotels at Heathrow Airport or Gatwick Airport? Heathrow Airport features a number of hotels connected directly to its terminals, so visitors have a selection of airports to choose from. In Terminal 4 travelers will find the Hilton London Heathrow Airport and the capsule hotel YOTEL, while in Terminal 5 there is the Sofitel London Heathrow. Gatwick airport also has a variety of hotel options available, such as Hampton by Hilton, YOTELAIR, and Bloc Hotel. Can I fly from Seattle to London non-stop? British Airways, Iberia, Virgin Atlantic, Finnair, and Delta Air Lines all offer direct nonstop flights from Seattle to London via Heathrow Airport. Many other airlines also offer one-stop flights to London from Seattle with final destinations varying largely between Heathrow Airport, Gatwick Airport, and London City Airport. What is the quickest way from Heathrow Airport to downtown London? The Heathrow Express is the fastest way to get to central London from Heathrow Airport and is conveniently connected to Terminals 2, 3, and 5. There is also a direct London Underground connection via the Piccadilly Line, for those who prefer the cheaper (but slower) method of travel. Should I fly to Heathrow Airport or Gatwick Airport? Both airports are conveniently connected via public transport to central London with travel times roughly equal. However, if your final destination is on the south or east side of London, then Gatwick is likely the better option due to its close proximity, while Heathrow is more convenient for destinations on the west and north side. Do I need a passport to fly between Seattle and London? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to London from Seattle. Which airports will I be using when flying from Seattle to London? On your way to London, you’ll fly out from Seattle/Tacoma Intl. You’ll be landing in one of London’s 6 airports: London City, London Gatwick, London Heathrow, London Luton, London Southend, or London Stansted. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Seattle to London? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Seattle to London flight route: Delta, Virgin Atlantic, Lufthansa, United Airlines, American Airlines, Air France, KLM, WestJet Encore, Cape Air, ITA Airways, and Alaska Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Seattle to London? The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Seattle to London flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Seattle to London? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Seattle and London, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Seattle to London? There are nonstop flights from Seattle to London on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Seattle to London, Virgin Atlantic or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Seattle to London are Virgin Atlantic and Delta. With an average price for the route of $1,027 and an overall rating of 8.0, Virgin Atlantic is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,002 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Seattle to London? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Seattle to London. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Seattle to London? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to London from Seattle is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Seattle to London? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to London with an airline and back to Seattle with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Seattle to London? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to London from Seattle up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Seattle to London Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $626 or less one-way and $744 or less round-trip. Fly aboard British Airways from Seattle to London and experience its hub at the London Heathrow Airport (LHR). After arrival, you can get access to BA Lounge located in The Concorde Room, Terminal 5. Access to this lounge is restricted to members of the airline's Executive Club or the Oneworld Alliance. If you fly this airline, you’ll enjoy priority clearance at the terminal and security checkpoint as part of the fast lane program. There are two lounges at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) situated at Concourse A and South Satellite. Typically, the lounges open 3h before the scheduled flight departs. Children can only access the lounges if accompanied by adults, while infants under 2 years are admitted for free. Still, If you’re flying Economy Class, you can access the lounges at a reduced cost. Travelers with kids through Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) have their needs catered to. The airport features suites where moms can enjoy privacy while pumping or breastfeeding. You can locate these rooms in Concourse N on the Mezzanine level, or Concourse D on the lower level of D Annex. Other amenities include sinks, chairs and power sockets. Those with early morning departures through Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) should consider booking a room at one of the many hotels adjacent to the airport. Usually, most of these properties provide complimentary shuttles to and from the airport. Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Seatac, An Ihg Hotel is one such hotel. American Airlines allows you to bring pets such as cats and dogs when flying from Seattle to London. Depending on their sizes, they can travel as a carry-on or be transported through American Airlines Cargo. However, they must bear valid health and vaccination certificates, and you must lock them in their kennels. Link Light Rail and bus services connect Seattle-Tacoma International Airport to downtown Seattle quickly and efficiently. The Link is just outside the airport on the fourth floor of the adjacent parking garage and runs all the way from the airport to the University of Washington. Families flying with children may want to consider visiting Seattle-Tacoma International Airport’s Playroom. It is the perfect spot to help kids burn off excess energy before their flight. The Playroom is located across from the Seattle Tap Room in the Central Terminal near the A gates. There are many airports in London and travelers should keep their locations in mind when choosing which airport to fly into. London City Airport and Heathrow Airport are the most central of the airports and offer quick, easy access to the heart of London, while Gatwick Airport and London Stansted Airport are on the southside and northside of London, respectively. Looking for a family-friendly activity to help pass the time prior to your flight? Why not check out a live music performance? All throughout the week, live music gigs are performed in Sea-Tac Airport’s various terminals to the enjoyment of passengers. Travelers with flights from Seattle to London via Delta Air Lines may want to consider taking the chance to relax in comfort in one of Delta’s premium lounges. Delta operates two Delta Sky Clubs at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, with one in Concourse A and the other in the airport’s Rooftop Area. There are also showers available at the Rooftop location. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to London? Find which airlines fly direct from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to London, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Seattle/Tacoma Intl to London Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights Nonstop returns London to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Seattle to London See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Seattle to London. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Seattle to London? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19621 reviews 86crew 79entertainment 78food 83boarding 82comfort 82overall Airline reviews Pros: "Jet blue was amazing. They bit only upgraded my seats but they took care of what Hawaiian airlines refused to do due to the virus. Hawaiian cancled my flight home with no notification or warning. Jet blue picked up where they failed and not only rebooked my flight home for me, but contacted Hawaiian on my behalf so it would not cost me any more money. Jet blue was amazing"Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Jet blue was amazing. They bit only upgraded my seats but they took care of what Hawaiian airlines refused to do due to the virus. Hawaiian cancled my flight home with no notification or warning. Jet blue picked up where they failed and not only rebooked my flight home for me, but contacted Hawaiian on my behalf so it would not cost me any more money. Jet blue was amazing" Pros: "The seats were pretty comfortable." Cons: "It would be nice if the flight attendant was a bit more friendly. Smile works." Pros: "All of it. I really like the eye masks for the red eye flight and the snacks are bomb!!!!!!!!" Pros: "Arrived early! Smooth takeoff and landing no unnecessary cabin announcements (it was a red eye)" Cons: "The flight was SIX hours late, yet passengers were told to check in at the original time. Why? Just to spend the whole freaking night at the airport? The reason for the delay was supposedly weather, yet flights from SEA to BOS on other airlines were on time. Staff were not helpful or empathetic." Pros: "Crew was nice, comfortable leg space." Cons: "Bought one of the Mediterranean snack boxes. The bean dip as well as the hummus tasted terrible. Couldn't eat it." Cons: "Boarding was chaotic. Food fees should be included into ticket price ("free"). Food quality should also be improved." Pros: "Jet Blue always has great Flight Attendants, comfortable seats and in flight TV" Cons: "N/A" Pros: "The gate process to boarding was excellent" Cons: "There was broken TVs no running water so no hot beverages no bathrooms on a 2 hour flight and I’m pregnant so that was u comfortable and the flight attendants were not very accommodating or helpful in fact almost boarder line rude if they say something mean but use a nice voice that doesn’t make it acceptable" Pros: "It's so sad that passengers cannot be offered even water to drink." Cons: "Nothing to drink. But I really appreciate the spacious leg room." Missed connecting train since flight was late into Zurich and I had to stay at airport hotel because of it as well as I had to repurchase train ticket Cons: "A solution to the seat problem. If the seat only reclined 1/2 the distance they do now, the flight would be enjoyable." Pros: "Crew was great. Peppy and kind." Cons: "ORD ZRH seats extremely crowded. Wished for comfy Star Alliance seats for that flight which we did enjoy from ZRH BUD" Pros: "Crew was perfectly fine." Cons: "Departure time was delayed due to over crowding in Zurich airport. Info on connecting flights and transfer requirements was insufficient, no offer to help those with tight connections, e.g., by trying to seat them at front of plane or help them get off faster. Missed connecting flight as a result!!" Pros: "We flew Business Class. The crew was professional and attentive. The food was definitely a nice cut above." Cons: "Nothing that I can offer. If I needed to make another trip anywhere ANZ flies, they would be my first choice every time." Pros: "I liked that it was a straight flight from SFO -ZRH. On board entertainment was great." Cons: "Seating is way to tight. Service from crew is nothing at all like it used to with Swiss. Nearly a smile from crew ( both legs of flight) mostly just hand motion when serving food. Food was a big disappointment too. It feels like all the good service is reserved only for business and first class !" Pros: "Good entertainment options" Cons: "two of the three phone charge ports were not working I think the passenger seating areas may not have been deep cleaned" Cons: "We arrived more than a half hour late, and considering this was about 4 am, this was significant. The guy in the middle seat was tall and had to speard his legs intruding on my space." Pros: "Crew ignored my existence just because I sat on the window seat, plus I'm an asian, so I'm not sure which of the reason makes her to ignore me for serving my food. Luckily the guy passenger that sit beside me helped me to inform and made sure that she served the food to me." Cons: "YEA, PLEASE TRAIN YOUR STAFF TO TREAT ALL PASSENGERS EQUALLY, NOT ONLY JUST TO CAUCASIAN, OTHER RACE AND ETHNIC ALSO DESERVE EQUALLY RESPECT AND TREATMENT. THANKS. SERVICE IS GOOD BUT ATTITUDE OF STAFFS ARE JUST MEH." Cons: "The flight was delayed by more than two hours leaving from Delhi to Zurich and by more than an hour leaving Zurich to Chicago. The service on the Delhi Zurich flight was minimal, inflight entertainment did not work in spite of the crew trying to reset, the bathrooms were AWFUL!" i saved my points for more than 10 years in anticipation of treating myself to an upper class fight to and from london on virgin atlantic. i was shocked to find what you consider “upper class” on the dreamliner. it was, at best, a mediocre business class accommodation. it was tight and not that comfortable, with nearly no personal storage. everything was cramped and just generally disappointing. once i lucked into a 1st class upgrade to europe on lufthansa - a magical experience that found me reluctant to sleep, lest i deprive myself the joy of their setup. i expected something similar from virgin atlantic, but i could not have been more wrong. it will be the same arrangement on my flight home, but at least i know what (not) to expect. to be clear, this is only in reaction to the physical accommodations. your people were, and always are fantastic. The crew should demonstrate flexibility by moving a screaming infant to its own seat with 1 parent I booked a virgin flight because I like the hospitality of the virgin crew premium economy is fantastic but I was put on a delta flight witch is nothing like a virgin flight Pros: "The crew was friendly, the food delicious, and the plane itself in highest quality and state-of-the-art." Pros: "Crew are always top notch, free drinks are readily available and entertainment system is great." Cons: "The food portions and quality have definitely declined over the years sadly, as carriers cut costs no doubt." Pros: "Great crew, good in-flight movies. Good food." Cons: "Wifi connectivity was poor for most of the flight. Plane was very hot it was difficult to sleep." Pros: "Amazing crew, excellent drinks and decent food. Very comfortable seat" Cons: "Everything was great" Pros: "Crew was great !!!" Cons: "Seating in upper class is uncomfortable and bedding is not fresh." Pros: "Very friendly crew. We boarded about an hour before so we were ready to go well before time." Cons: "The economy seats are not that comfortable and the screen for entertainment is sometimes difficult to use." Pros: "Crew was super helpful and kind. Pesto pasta was the best airplane food I’ve ever had in coach." The crew members were great. The food was good. Entertainment was average - Could use a wider and better selections of movies and series. Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Pros: "Excellent service in most every respect! Boarding was easy, accommodations were quite ample, food was great, and the entertainment was plentiful." Cons: "Slight problem with making my seat into a bed, which wasn't fixable. Movies were good, except for the trailers before and after each, which seemed to take forever! Didn't get the seats my wife and originally booked with China Southern/Delta, but the substitution was quite adequate! Problems with checking in on flights, as neither airline seemed to be able to deal with this split ticket! But they tried very hard to make thing up to us, which goes a long way to making us feel like we are valued customers!" Cons: "Missed connecting flight because the first flight was delayed by 2.5 hours. I didn’t get the comfort seat I paid for because of this and was not given a refund for it." Pros: "Great service. Smooth flight. Funny flight attendants. No issues boarding or deplaning." Cons: "Food wasn’t great. What’s new?" Cons: "The wifi wasn't strong enough to download the app to watch movies on the plane." Cons: "No drink or snack service. No trash pick up. No option to purchase or rent headphones" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The fact they wasted two days of my trip with my son travelling from the U.S. to China because they didn't know about transit visa regulations. And so far they offered a 75 dollar voucher for participating merchants. Unacceptable" Pros: "Accident on way to airport, so I showed up to check bags 45 minutes before flight time. They said they couldn't get the bag to the plane..in 45 minutes? So, they put on the next flight... 6 hours later. Said I could fly without the bag... uh, no thanks. They would not look for alternatives without charging me more. Flight attendants were crabby, otherwise everything was fine. I flew British Airways a few months ago. Night and day. Seriously. Delta does not even approach having good service. There was no comparison to British Air--- Delta is not in the same league." Cons: "The air conditioning was broken so it was sweltering the whole time. Staff didn't even mention it or apologize. No leg room. Bags took longer than 20 minutes to arrive but we didn't make a fuss since we were just glad to be finished with Delta. I'll never fly Delta again even if it costs me more." A little bit more comfort. It’s tight space around the seats. But all else is great and a smooth flight! Total chaos with baggage check in…..rude staff in Seattle. And faulty seating/entertainment systems. Unable to log in to WiFi desperate being a member. Kept on getting errors. Never again. Definitely not what’s expected from a Star Alliance member airline. You can understand why Turkish Airlines are rated so highly; the whole experience was really good indeed. Aircraft itself was spacious, comfortable, and very well appointed. The crew were great, friendly and helpful. All round a great service and good value. Istanbul airport is also a remarkable place. Highly recommended. As far as I remember I've selected and payed 65$ for a seat on the aisle. The seat selection got lost and the location was bad. Pros: "The planes took off and landed smoothly and without crashing" Cons: "The connection time allowed in Istanbul was too short. Anything less than 2.5 hrs is too short. Covid social distancing was a joke in Istanbul and the business class boarded with everyone else - the airline run out of meals in business class!!! I will not fly with TK again." Cons: "No one came with drink carts until halfway through the flight. I was very hungry, never offered food. Boarding was late but no communication from staff." Cons: "The airline lost my luggage. I have to wait two days for it's return." Cons: "Flight was late, I had to run like crazy to catch the second flight" Cons: "being treated like a drug dealer at the boarding gate #312 and having passport / boarding pass checked several times" Pros: "Service from the crew at boarding and during the flight" Cons: "The touch screen are old and not responding to the touch . Make it a little bit hard to watch, also quality is low." JetBlue8.1 SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 Book cheap flights from Seattle to London Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Seattle to London found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/31Wed 1 stopWestJet 15h 00mSEA-LHR $226 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopWestJet 15h 00mSEA-LHR $231 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopIcelandair 12h 20mSEA-LGW $395 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopIcelandair 12h 15mSEA-LHR $395 Search 1/20Sat nonstopBritish Airways 9h 20mSEA-LHR $643 Search 2/2Fri nonstopBritish Airways 9h 20mSEA-LHR $645 Search 1/3Wed nonstopVirgin Atlantic 9h 25mSEA-LHR $669 Search 12/27Wed nonstopVirgin Atlantic 9h 25mSEA-LHR $671 Search 3/11Mon 1 stopDelta 23h 35mSEA-LHR $686 Search 1/23Tue 1 stopDelta 18h 00mSEA-LCY $3,973 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetIcelandairBritish AirwaysVirgin AtlanticDelta Search by price$230 or less$400 or less$650 or less$670 or less$3,970 or less Last minute flights from Seattle to London Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Seattle to London that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 12h 30mSEA-LHR 12/10Sun multi-stopLufthansa 13h 30mLHR-SEA $636 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 15h 35mSEA-LHR 12/8Fri multi-stopLufthansa 23h 04mLHR-SEA $640 Search 12/1Fri nonstopBritish Airways 9h 20mSEA-LHR 12/12Tue nonstopBritish Airways 10h 00mLHR-SEA $652 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 13h 37mSEA-LHR 12/9Sat nonstopBritish Airways 10h 00mLHR-SEA $657 Search 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 9h 25mSEA-LHR 12/13Wed multi-stopDelta 13h 35mLHR-SEA $667 Search 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 10h 00mSEA-LHR 12/11Mon multi-stopDelta 14h 02mLHR-SEA $668 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 16h 15mSEA-LHR 12/10Sun nonstopVirgin Atlantic 9h 55mLHR-SEA $670 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 15h 15mSEA-LHR 12/10Sun nonstopVirgin Atlantic 10h 25mLHR-SEA $686 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopIcelandair 14h 35mSEA-LGW 1/12Fri multi-stopIcelandair 13h 00mLGW-SEA $789 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopIcelandair 14h 35mSEA-LGW 12/15Fri multi-stopIcelandair 16h 18mLGW-SEA $911 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLufthansaBritish AirwaysDeltaVirgin AtlanticIcelandair Search by price$640 or less$660 or less$670 or less$690 or less$910 or less Seattle - London Flights Departure: Seattle (SEA)United States Return flight deals: London - Seattle Cabin classes: First Class flights to London $2,230 Business Class flights to London $1,677 Prem Econ Class flights to London $630 Economy Class flights to London Browse origins: Flights » United States » Washington » Seattle $513Flights from Seattle to London Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » United Kingdom » England » London $685Flights to London City Airport, London $513Flights to London Gatwick Airport, London $517Flights to London Heathrow Airport, London $666Flights to London Luton Airport, London $1,554Flights to London Southend Airport, London $634Flights to London Stansted Airport, London View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Ontario Flights to Honolulu Flights to San Diego Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search London flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to London from Seattle. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to London from Seattle. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.