Cheap Flights from Washington Dulles to Athens from $260 | (IAD - ATH) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW IAD - ATH Find cheap flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Athens from $260 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/11. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Athens These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Washington, D.C. to Athens. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Washington, D.C. to Athens. How much is the cheapest flight from Dulles Intl to Athens?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dulles Intl to Athens that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:50 pm - 2:50 pmIAD-ATH 13h 00m1 stop 10:00 am - 5:40 pmATH-IAD 14h 40m1 stop $492PLAY Find Deal Mon, Apr 29 - Tue, May 7 6:50 pm - 2:50 pmIAD-ATH 13h 00m1 stop 10:00 am - 5:40 pmATH-IAD 14h 40m1 stop $500PLAY Find Deal Fri, Apr 26 - Sat, May 4 5:15 pm - 1:25 pmIAD-ATH 13h 10m1 stop 1:30 pm - 4:45 pmATH-IAD 33h 15m1 stop $513Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Sun, Feb 25 - Tue, Mar 12 4:40 pm - 6:30 pmIAD-ATH 18h 50m1 stop 6:00 am - 2:35 pmATH-IAD 15h 35m1 stop $599ITA Airways Find Deal Fri, Mar 1 - Thu, Mar 7 4:40 pm - 6:30 pmIAD-ATH 18h 50m1 stop 7:25 pm - 2:35 pmATH-IAD 26h 10m1 stop $604ITA Airways Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Thu, Feb 29 10:40 pm - 9:15 pmIAD-ATH 16h 35m1 stop 10:35 am - 7:55 pmATH-IAD 16h 20m1 stop $718Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Mar 27 - Thu, Apr 4 5:20 pm - 12:05 pmIAD-ATH 11h 45m1 stop 12:55 pm - 8:05 pmATH-IAD 14h 10m1 stop $719United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 5:20 pm - 12:05 pmIAD-ATH 11h 45m1 stop 7:15 am - 11:58 pmATH-IAD 23h 43m2 stops $729United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 6:05 pm - 4:20 pmIAD-ATH 15h 15m1 stop 5:20 pm - 3:50 pmATH-IAD 29h 30m1 stop $735Lufthansa Find Deal Fri, Dec 29 - Mon, Jan 8 10:20 pm - 2:45 amIAD-ATH 21h 25m1 stop 9:45 pm - 7:55 pmATH-IAD 29h 10m1 stop $747Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Apr 10 - Wed, Apr 24 Show more results Flights from Dulles Intl to Athens - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dulles Intl to Athens to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Athens? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Athens is November, where tickets cost $754 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,676 and $1,536 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Athens? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Athens, you should book around 2 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 26 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Athens? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, PLAY offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $266. KAYAK users also found Washington Dulles Airport to Athens round-trip flights on PLAY from $492 and on Scandinavian Airlines from $513. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and Athens? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Athens take? There are no direct flights for this route listed on KAYAK. The shortest multi-flight duration is 11h 45m. Good to know Low season February High season September Cheapest flight $260 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 29% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 9% lower on average. Flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Athens When to book flights from Dulles Intl to Athens Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dulles Intl to Athens based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Washington Dulles Airport to Athens flights How much does it cost to park at Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD)? The daily parking has a rate which ranges from $10 to $35. The rate per hour for the terminal parking is $6 and $25 per hour. Additionally, the airport has two parking garages with an hourly rate of $6 and a $17 for 24h. Prices may vary. How many terminals does Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) have? The Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) has one main terminal and two midfield terminals with four airside concourses arranged in parallel to the terminal. The pedestrian walkway and the Aerotrain move the pedestrians about the concourses easier. However, many passengers arriving on the international flights won't ride on the train because they first need to clear international customs. Are there nonstop flights from Washington Dulles Intl (IAD) to Athens Eleftherios Venizelos (ATH)? Yes. Only United Airlines offers direct flights from Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) to Athens International Airport (ATH). However, many other airlines offer layover flights, including KLM, which has its layover at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL), and United Airlines, which also has one at Frankfurt Airport (FRA), Brussels Airlines, with its layover at Brussels Airport. Lufthansa also has flights with a layover either at the Frankfurt Airport (FRA) or the Munich International Airport (MUC). What are the most convenient means to travel from Athens International Airport (ATH) to downtown Athens? The fastest and most convenient public transport option from Athens International Airport (ATH) to downtown Athens is by the airport taxi. These taxis are usually available outside the arrival terminal. They take about 25min to travel from the airport to the city center. The price from the airport to the city center is approximately between €38 ($40) and €54 ($57), depending on the time and demand of the taxi at the airport. Do I need a passport to fly between Washington Dulles Airport and Athens? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Athens from Washington Dulles Airport. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Washington Dulles Airport to Athens? The Boeing 787 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Washington Dulles Airport to Athens flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Athens? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Washington Dulles Airport and Athens, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Athens from Washington Dulles Airport? Rome is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Washington Dulles Airport to Athens. Which is the best airline for flights from Washington, D.C. to Athens, Turkish Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Washington, D.C. to Athens are Turkish Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $813 and an overall rating of 7.9, Turkish Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $961 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Athens? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Athens. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Washington Dulles Airport to Athens? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Athens from Washington Dulles Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Athens? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Athens with an airline and back to Washington Dulles Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Washington Dulles Airport and ATH can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Athens? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Athens from Washington Dulles Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from IAD to Athens Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $1,025 or less one-way and $1,324 or less round-trip. If you want to change USD into EUR for use when in Athens International Airport (ATH), there are Automatic Exchange Machines located on Level 1 of the Arrivals and in the all-user area on the same level in the airport. Additionally, several ATMs are located on Level 0 of Arrivals and Level 1 of Departures. A couple of lounges belong to the different airlines within the Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD), such as the United Club, near Gates C17, D8, C3, and C7. The Lufthansa business lounge is near Gates B51 to B49. The most convenient way to travel from Downtown Washington to Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) is via the Silver Line Express Bus. It is because the Metrorail only gets to Wiehle-Reston East station. The journey from the station to the Airport is approximately 15min. The Athens International Airport (ATH) is equipped with advanced equipment such as a feeding and baby changing table. The terminals with nursing rooms have a baby care symbol on them. Athens International Airport (ATH) serves the towns of Spata, Koropi, Loutsa, and Markopoulo, which are about 19 miles away from downtown Athens. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Dulles Intl to Athens See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Washington, D.C. to Athens. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dulles Intl to Athens? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9112 reviews 78comfort 86crew 79food 82overall 82boarding 77entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Everything was amazing, except for 2 pieces of luggage that got lost, misplaced, from Zurich to Chicago" Cons: "2 luggage missing, I was told by Swiss airlines I would get them the next day, because they were left behind in Zurich."Read more about SWISS Pros: "Everything was amazing, except for 2 pieces of luggage that got lost, misplaced, from Zurich to Chicago" Cons: "2 luggage missing, I was told by Swiss airlines I would get them the next day, because they were left behind in Zurich." Pros: "Movies" Cons: "Crew was rude to passengers. One passenger asked for extra bread and crew arrogantly commented , we dont give but ok take one." Pros: "From Geneva to Athens we use the AEGEAN AIRLINES and the flight was very good over all. We had to use the AEGEAN because we missed the SWISS flight due to United's delays." Pros: "Smooth transfer from Terminal 3 to the International Terminal. Great airport. Easy boarding, friendly crew and very smooth flight." Cons: "I was very happy with my flight experience with Swiss." Pros: "the CREW WAS FRIENDLY AND CELEBRATING EASTER WITH THE GUESTS" Cons: "THE FOOD WAS ADEQUATE, GIVEN THAT WE WERE ON AN AIRPLANE" Pros: "The business class ground crew proposed to check in our hand baggage and were very helpful. (We were in economy class) It was my birthday and i was very touched to receive a spontaneously made card and some chocolate truffles and a smile from the flight crew." Cons: "I think the choice of films could be improved." Pros: "Very positive experience." Cons: "Flight was delayed because of a flight late arriving from Barcelona. Unlike an international flight...no entertainment & only a slight snack food. Still highest marks for the crew and the service that they provided" Pros: "787 is an excellent plane and I could sleep a little" Cons: "I was boarding at gate C4. Doesn't anyone get it ! Using the word "bomb" in airports is a big no-no however C4 is OK? Even a little old lady knows what C4 stands for." Pros: "A very friendly and attentive crew and a decent meal. Comfort is still iffy in coach but better than most American airlines. Good selection of movies to pass the time." Cons: "Seats in coach are cramped and some have an electrical box under the seat in front of you, so there is no room for your legs or carry on bag. Bathrooms keep getting smaller to jam in more seats." Pros: "They sale ticket to you and good bye....! U need little halpe or questions they say don’t now.....!!!! Call airline , airline say you didn’t buy ticket from as and you go beck and for straits out same we’re in Europe ......thank bot never again think twice when you bye ticket from kayak ....." I wouldn't say I liked being forced to check my small roller bag at the gate; too many people had bags and were in a higher boarding group. Pros: "The crew was very attentive and had great personality. They anticipated any needs we had." Pros: "The plane was nice" Cons: "I’m still sitting in Minneapolis so I would have liked to be at my destination. And I had to pay for the overnight accommodations." Pros: "Entertainment was awesome. Although airlines are stingy with snacks, Delta had a good overall selection and very generous." Cons: "Something that cant be changed overnight, however, there should be a little more Aisle space for folks pass through as my shoulder was getting beat up after every passing person and cart." Pros: "Crew was friendly." Cons: "Wish the seat was more comfortable. Landing was jittery and bumpy." Cons: "We sat for an hour on the tarmac with the plane at about 80-85 degrees and everyone sweating. Once we took off the flight attendants kept turning the cabin lights on and off and serving dinner (on an overnight flight is that really necessary?!) and waking us up. Also plane was old and uncomfortable." Pros: "The flight attendant from IAD to MSP called Bernadette was wonderful!" Pros: "Flight was smooth, arrived early..crew was prompt and courteous." Pros: "Crew and entertainment options were great." Cons: "Cabin was very loud, with jet engine noise. Could not block it out. Seats were not comfortable." Pros: "Standard Air France flight. My wife and I like the Airbus 380." Cons: "The flight left two hours late. Apparently this happens a lot with this flight these days because it's an Airbus 380 coming from Paris to Dulles and turning around. The incoming flight was two hours late, so the departure was late. Our arrival in Paris was late. We made the flight, but our luggage didn't. Our return flight from Paris to Dulles was half an hour late because of people from connecting flights. We arrived about 30 minutes late, but no big deal (unless you had a connection)" Pros: "Food" Cons: "Plane is old, seats are economy in business class. Dont fly business no need tonpay extra" Cons: "Flight to Istanbul was fine. The flight back was a terrible experience! During our connecting flight in Athens our boarding passes wouldn't print at the self service computers and there was no one to help us so we had to go back out to the front desk. The airline representative was extremely rude. There was 5 employees standing around the computer with NO customers and when we asked if this was Turkish Airlines and if they could help, the woman (manager) responded "this WAS Turkish Airlines" as if they were done helping customers for the day (it was 9AM and our flight was leaving in 45 min). We explained that we couldn't print our passes and she ROLLED her eyes as if it was an inconvenience to help us. THEN on our flight from Istanbul to Chicago, a passenger died an hour into the flight and they placed the body on the seats behind us for over 10 hours! Nobody even told us what happened! We didn't know if they died from natural causes or if it was something else! They didn't offer to seat us somewhere else or even inform us they were placing the body there. We were completely shocked and uncomfortable the whole flight home. We couldn't eat or sleep. We're completely disgusted and scarred from this overall experience." Pros: "The food and entertainment were okay." Cons: "The staff was rude. The entertainment consoles didn’t work well." Pros: "Finally got a vegan sandwich that saved my life after the 13 hour flight before this one!" Pros: "I liked the food and the staff were very friendly" Pros: "The food and amenities were alright." Cons: "It left late, the plane lost my friend's luggage for a day." Pros: "If one puts seats in relaxed position, other travelers complain so why have the option of putting seat in relaxed position" Pros: "Amazing food. Can't believe how good the desserts were. Entertainment also top notch." Pros: "Service was exceelent and all crew staff were professional and friendly and courteous." Pros: "The entertainment and food choices are great, and staff is kind and ready to help." Cons: "The line to check in & get our boarding passes was ridiculously long -- it took us about an hour of just waiting in line before even getting to security." The food quality is poor. The staff are very friendly and accommodating. The entertainment program was limited. I experienced a delay of 30 minutes due to two issues. Passenger luggage had to be removed and there was a technical issue with the stairs not detaching from the aircraft. The pilot managed to compensate and we arrived only 15 minutes later. The luggage at Dubai airport was very slow. I waited over an hour. The boarding was one of the worst I’ve ever experienced. The fault lays on Ohare Airport and not so much the airline. The waiting area by the gate was the size to accommodate a regional flight for 20-30 people and right next to a busy walkway. When you cramped nearly 300 passengers into that space is was unbearable. Cons: "I had paid for an upgrade to sit in the front of the cabin with extra legroom (row 14A). When I boarded a man sat it my seat. He had not paid for the upgrade, but the crew let him stay in my seat. I had asked him to social distance but he continued to sit right behind me bo matter which seat I moved to. He argued with the crew until they gave up and let him stay. They did not check his boarding pass or ask him to move to his assigned seat I found a different seat away from him but I don’t see the point in paying for extra legroom when the crew let’s people who haven’t paid for it sit it those seats. I felt harassed by the man and was very uncomfortable the whole flight. I am considering my next step, I think I should at least receive a refund for the upgrade I paid for." Cons: "Boarding was crazy. Could not everyone in the gate area." Pros: "Staff were professional and polite." Cons: "Despite zone boarding, boarding and disembarkation were very slow. Passengers like me with flight connections were very anxious regarding missing these." Pros: "Food was great, enjoyed watching videos, staff very profession and friendly." Cons: "Boarding was delayed and prolonged My Baggage was not transferred and was not available when I arrived in Dulles." Pros: "Reclinable seats." Cons: "The food!! The lights could be dimmed as it was a night flight." Cons: "I was seated next to the restroom, which is not a pleasant experience for an international flight." Pros: "Crew was fantastic, seats and entertainment was great. Very good food choices." Cons: "Everything was very good." Pros: "Crew was ok." Cons: "Screens need a serious upgrade, my seat didn’t recline all the way nor could it be restored to an upright position. Not very comfortable and I paid for a seat upgrade." Gate agent required us to check our perfectly legal carry on bags due to a supposed lack of overhead space. After seating, we saw nothing but empty space in our seating area. This caused luggage to miss connection in Athens, and we had no bags in Mykonos. Totally avoidable and unacceptable. My last U A flight ! Pros: "Crew was very attentive and professional." Cons: ". The economy seats on the Lufthansa A350 were extremely uncomfortable and seemed excessively narrow as well has having cramped legroom. I could not get comfortable let alone sleep, and my backside felt like I had been sitting on a park bench rather than a long haul coach airline seat." Pros: "My flight was delayed four hours, so I missed my connection to Sofia and had to re-book for two connecting flights instead of one, which makes for a long, tiring trip." Cons: "I understand the delay due to weather conditions, but I wish I was rebooked for one, not two connecting flights. Now, instead of flying directly to Sofia from Frankfurt, I have to go to Munich first and then to Sofia, which makes my trip 9 hours longer" Cons: "They told us there were no earbuds so recommended using our own. Our children had left theirs at home so they ran to get a $20 pair nearby. But the the plane DID have the buds; what we did not have were blankets — the crew said none were to be had." Cons: "Fight could have been on time! It was over 45 minutes late, because of the crew" Pros: "Baggage arrived with me. Upgraded to First Class because so many of those passengers got other flights the night before." Cons: "Original 5 pm flight was cancelled because there was no Crew or plane, even though it’s a United hub. Though flight cancelled early, United could not get me home same day so provided hotel and meal. Next day flight scheduled 7:05 then 8 am, but even that time came and went without boarding. 15 hours delayed and no hurry getting the plane to depart at the stated time. Total lack of customer service and concern" Pros: "The crew was really good. The food was much better than my cross the Atlantic flight. There wasn’t any entertainment so I am not sure how to rate it." Cons: "Frankfurt airport is not very good. Why does a passenger who has cleared security in the US have to do it again in Frankfurt? It is an unnecessary requirement that causes some passengers to miss their connecting flight. I will give them a pass on clearing immigration But going thru security....no." Pros: "Underseat AC power and USB power was the highlight of the trip." Cons: "Food portions were tiny. Totally dehydrated at the end of the flight, and water was passed out in 100 mL servings. Insufficient space under the seat for a backpack." Pros: "I wasn't expecting free in-flight movies and meals, which were very welcome" Pros: "Everything on the flight was very efficient and organized—the boarding process, the excellent and pleasant service, the food, and the entertainment selections. Thank you for making a long flight enjoyable." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from Washington, D.C. to Athens Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Washington, D.C. to Athens found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/11Mon 3 stops 32h 35mIAD-ATH $260 Search 12/11Mon 1 stopPLAY 13h 40mIAD-ATH $266 Search 1/15Mon 3 stops 31h 35mIAD-ATH $323 Search 12/11Mon 2 stops 22h 50mIAD-ATH $334 Search 5/6Mon 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 13h 30mIAD-ATH $387 Search 5/14Tue 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 13h 30mIAD-ATH $439 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopITA Airways 18h 50mIAD-ATH $520 Search 1/15Mon 1 stopBritish Airways 21h 55mIAD-ATH $557 Search 4/25Thu nonstopLufthansa 9h 45mIAD-ATH $1,007 Search 4/19Fri nonstopLufthansa 9h 45mIAD-ATH $1,036 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePLAYScandinavian AirlinesITA AirwaysBritish AirwaysLufthansa Search by price$270 or less$330 or less$440 or less$560 or less$1,040 or less Last minute flights from Dulles Intl to Athens Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Washington, D.C. to Athens that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stopPLAY 13h 40mIAD-ATH 12/13Wed multi-stopPLAY 14h 55mATH-IAD $403 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopPLAY 13h 40mIAD-ATH 12/17Sun multi-stopPLAY 14h 55mATH-IAD $409 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopPLAY 13h 40mIAD-ATH 12/13Wed multi-stopPLAY 14h 55mATH-IAD $447 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopITA Airways 25h 05mIAD-ATH 12/17Sun multi-stopITA Airways 26h 10mATH-IAD $549 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopLufthansa 43h 25mIAD-ATH 12/13Wed multi-stopLufthansa 19h 50mATH-IAD $575 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopLufthansa 43h 25mIAD-ATH 12/10Sun multi-stopLufthansa 16h 10mATH-IAD $588 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 42h 15mIAD-ATH 12/17Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 19h 50mATH-IAD $596 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 26h 10mIAD-ATH 12/18Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 23h 43mATH-IAD $606 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopTurkish Airlines 14h 50mIAD-ATH 12/4Mon multi-stopTurkish Airlines 16h 25mATH-IAD $826 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopTurkish Airlines 14h 50mIAD-ATH 12/14Thu multi-stopTurkish Airlines 22h 55mATH-IAD $856 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePLAYITA AirwaysLufthansaUnited AirlinesTurkish Airlines Search by price$410 or less$550 or less$590 or less$610 or less$860 or less Washington Dulles Airport - Athens Flights Departure: Washington Dulles Airport (IAD)United States Destination: Athens (ATH)Greece Return flight deals: Athens - Washington Dulles Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Athens Business Class flights to Athens $2,709 Prem Econ Class flights to Athens $698 Economy Class flights to Athens Browse origins: Flights » United States » District of Columbia » Washington, D.C. » Washington Dulles Airport $321Flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Athens Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Greece » Athens $321Flights to Athens, Athens Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Athens flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Athens from Washington Dulles Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Athens from Washington Dulles Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.