Cheap Flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver Airport from C$ 57 | (YWG - YVR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YWG - YVR Find cheap flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver from C$ 57 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 22/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Vancouver These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Winnipeg to Vancouver, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Winnipeg to Vancouver, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:20 p.m. - 10:32 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 12mdirect 7:00 a.m. - 11:32 a.m.YVR-YWG 2h 32mdirect C$ 79Lynx Air Find Deal Wed, 7 Feb - Sun, 11 Feb 7:45 p.m. - 8:57 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 12mdirect 9:55 a.m. - 2:40 p.m.YVR-YWG 2h 45mdirect C$ 99 Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 8:45 p.m. - 9:57 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 12mdirect 12:30 p.m. - 5:10 p.m.YVR-YWG 2h 40mdirect C$ 101Lynx Air Find Deal Fri, 9 Feb - Wed, 14 Feb 7:45 p.m. - 8:57 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 12mdirect 9:55 a.m. - 2:40 p.m.YVR-YWG 2h 45mdirect C$ 104 Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 8:45 p.m. - 9:57 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 12mdirect 8:00 a.m. - 12:32 p.m.YVR-YWG 2h 32mdirect C$ 115Lynx Air Find Deal Wed, 14 Feb - Mon, 26 Feb 7:45 p.m. - 8:57 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 12mdirect 7:00 a.m. - 11:32 a.m.YVR-YWG 2h 32mdirect C$ 116Lynx Air Find Deal Fri, 26 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 2:30 p.m. - 8:38 p.m.YWG-YVR 8h 08m2 stops 9:55 a.m. - 2:40 p.m.YVR-YWG 2h 45mdirect C$ 192WestJet Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Tue, 30 Jan 5:00 p.m. - 10:27 p.m.YWG-YVR 7h 27m2 stops 9:55 a.m. - 2:40 p.m.YVR-YWG 2h 45mdirect C$ 205WestJet Find Deal Sun, 14 Jan - Wed, 17 Jan 10:55 a.m. - 12:13 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 18mdirect 3:35 p.m. - 11:44 p.m.YVR-YWG 6h 09m1 stop C$ 223Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 10:55 a.m. - 12:13 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 18mdirect 7:55 a.m. - 11:44 p.m.YVR-YWG 13h 49m2 stops C$ 235Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan Show more results Flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Airport is April, where tickets cost C$ 182 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 388 and C$ 251 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 60 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Winnipeg to Vancouver were found on Lynx Air (C$ 107) and WestJet (C$ 261). Lynx Air proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 57. Which airlines fly direct between Winnipeg and Vancouver Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Lynx Air and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Lynx Air at C$ 77. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Lynx Air. How many flights are there between Winnipeg and Vancouver Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 7 nonstop flights that take off from Winnipeg and land in Vancouver Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 3h 17m. The most common departure time is 10:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 36 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Winnipeg and Vancouver Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Winnipeg to Vancouver take? Direct flights from Winnipeg generally make it to Vancouver in 3h 07m. The flying distance between the two cities is 2,998 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Winnipeg to Vancouver? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Winnipeg at 5:40 am and will be landing in Vancouver Intl Airport at 6:58 am. What’s the latest departure time from Winnipeg to Vancouver? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Airport jets off at 9:55 pm and lands at 11:07 pm. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 57 Best time to beat the crowds (18% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (9% more expensive on average) Flight from Winnipeg to Vancouver When to book flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Winnipeg to Vancouver flights Can I bring my pet with me on the flight? Yes, Winnipeg Airport allows passengers to travel with their pets. However, it's important to note that each airline may have specific pet policies. It is recommended to contact your airline in advance to understand their policies, including any restrictions, fees, and necessary documentation required for traveling with your pet. Are taxis available at all times for transportation to Winnipeg Airport? Taxis are generally available throughout the day and night in the city center. However, it's advisable to allow extra time during peak travel hours or for unforeseen circumstances. Several taxi companies in Winnipeg, such as Duffy's Taxi, Unicity Taxi, and Spring Taxi, offer reliable transportation services. Are there baby-changing facilities at Winnipeg Airport? Yes, Winnipeg Airport provides baby-changing facilities throughout the terminal. Look for designated areas with changing tables and other amenities to ensure a convenient and comfortable experience for parents traveling with infants. How can I rent a car at Vancouver Airport (YVR)? Renting a car at Vancouver Airport is easy and convenient. Upon arrival at Vancouver International Airport (YVR), follow the signs directing you to the car rental counters. You will find a range of well-known car rental companies offering their services at the airport. How can I get to Winnipeg Airport using public transportation? If you wish to reach the airport by public transportation, you can hop on Winnipeg Transit bus 15 or 20, which both link the downtown area to the airport. If you’re departing from another area, the company has over 90 lines that operate all throughout the city. A regular one-way ticket costs C$ 2.95, and the service operates between about 5:50 am and 12:50 am. How can I get from Vancouver International Airport to the city centre using public transportation? The most convenient way to travel from the airport using public transportation is to use the Canada Line transit rail, which gets you into Vancouver’s city centre in about 30min. The service runs between about 5:00 am and 1:00 am, with train stations in both the domestic and international terminals. A one-way ticket costs between C$ 7.95 and C$ 10.70, depending on your final destination. How much is a taxi from Vancouver International Airport? Taxi fares from the airport are all fixed if you are travelling within the Vancouver or Richmond areas, with the prices depending on the zone you’re travelling to. A fare to downtown Vancouver is C$ 28, while a fare to downtown Richmond is C$ 20. If you are making more than one stop, the fixed fare applies only to the first destination, after which a metred fare will apply. Is there anywhere to shower at Vancouver International Airport? Those who need to freshen up upon arrival after their flight from Winnipeg to Vancouver can head to The Fairmont Vancouver Airport Hotel located a 10min walk from the domestic terminal, which offers a shower and sauna for a fee. Alternatively, the Plaza Premium Lounge and Sky Team Lounge both have showers available for their customers. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Winnipeg to Vancouver? Air Canada, and Jazz offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Winnipeg to Vancouver flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Winnipeg to Vancouver? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Winnipeg to Vancouver flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Winnipeg and Vancouver, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Winnipeg to Vancouver? There are direct flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver, WestJet or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver are WestJet and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 306 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 362 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Winnipeg to Vancouver? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Vancouver from Winnipeg is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Vancouver with an airline and back to Winnipeg with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Winnipeg to Vancouver? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Vancouver from Winnipeg up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Winnipeg to Vancouver Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 105 or less one-way and C$ 162 or less round-trip. If you require special assistance at Winnipeg Airport (YWG), such as wheelchair accessibility or support for passengers with disabilities, it is highly recommended to pre-book these services. Contact your airline or visit their website to make arrangements in advance. Doing so can minimize any potential inconvenience and ensure your specific needs are met during travel. Passenger lounges provide a peaceful and comfortable relaxing environment before or after your flight. Winnipeg Airport offers several lounges, including complimentary snacks, beverages, Wi-Fi, and comfortable seating. Consider purchasing a lounge pass or check if your ticket includes access to a lounge to enjoy these amenities and escape the hustle and bustle of the terminal. While most airlines offer flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver that include a lay-over, look for flights with Canadian budget airline Swoop, which can get you to your destination with a direct flight and at a competitive rate. If you are travelling with kids, you will find two children’s play areas at Winnipeg Airport (YWG) where your kids can burn off some energy before the flight. They are both located in the gated area, one next to Gate 2 and the other next to Gate 8. Vancouver International Airport (YVR) has two large aquariums showcasing over 850 local and indigenous sea creatures. The largest aquarium is located on level 3 of the international terminal in the public area, while the smaller one is a jellyfish aquarium and is located on level 4 in the same building. If you need to store some luggage upon arrival at Vancouver International Airport, head to CDS Baggage Services, which have offices in the public areas of both the domestic and international terminals. They offer short term and long-term storage, and the office in the domestic terminal is open from 5:00 am to 11:00 pm daily. Those who arrive hungry following their flight from Winnipeg to Vancouver will find a large choice of food options throughout the airport. Amongst these, Tim Horton’s and Subway, both located in the public area of the domestic terminal, are open 24h a day, so you won’t be left hungry no matter what time your flight lands. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Search flights Monday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +8 more ANA,Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +7 more ANA,Aeromexico, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +9 more ANA,Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Thursday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +7 more ANA,Aeromexico, +8 more 6 7 Friday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +9 more ANA,Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Saturday ANA,Air Canada,Air China, +1 more ANA,Air Canada, +2 more 1 Sunday ANA,Air Canada,Cathay Pacific, +2 more ANA,Air Canada, +3 more 1 2 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Vancouver Intl to Winnipeg Search flights Monday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +7 more ANA,Aeromexico, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +6 more ANA,Aeromexico, +7 more 5 6 Wednesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +8 more ANA,Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Thursday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +7 more ANA,Aeromexico, +8 more 6 7 Friday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +8 more ANA,Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Saturday ANA,Air Canada,Air China, +1 more ANA,Air Canada, +2 more 1 Sunday ANA,Air Canada,Air France, +3 more ANA,Air Canada, +4 more 2 3 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 4 airlines serving from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Winnipeg to Vancouver. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9263 reviews 80overall 70entertainment 71food 81boarding 77comfort 84crew Airline reviews Pros: "It is a no frills airline. Cabin crew were friendly." Cons: "No entertainment, no food"Read more about WestJet Pros: "It is a no frills airline. Cabin crew were friendly." Cons: "No entertainment, no food" Pros: "Quick smooth flight. We even landed early. No delays no problems. I even had seated in an empty row" Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable because of the head rest that is attached to the seat. However the staff and crew were friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better seats" Pros: "The crew was very nice" Cons: "Seats are uncomfortable and there’s no tv for entertainment." Pros: "The crew was polite, even with the numerous delays. Other than that, the multiple delays (3; 8:30 -> 11:30, 11:30 -> 13:05, 13:05 -> 15:30) rubbed me the wrong way and lessened my experience with West Jet. Kayak was very responsive and reliable on their end." Cons: "West Jet; the delays which took around 6 hours from my weekend trip." Pros: "Crew were very good. The economy seats were "ok". Food was good and the service was very good." Cons: "Entertainment didn't have enough new movies to watch. The leg room could've been better." Pros: "For some reason, we found ourselves in the Premium section for our return flight from Palm Springs. So we got fed!! Which was nice. And we had a little more legroom, “spare seat” between us, etc." Cons: "It was a short flight, only 2 1/2 hours, so you can’t really expect much. It’s the long flights where service really makes a difference." Cons: "Always a ‘full flight’ and they run out of spacein the overhead storage" Pros: "Check in was quick and easy. Boarding and flight was right on time!" Cons: "Flight was delayed an hour which isnt horrible but then had to sit on the plane an additional hour waiting for take off. I barely made my connecting flight in Calgary. They should have held that plane because i know the elderlt women next to didnt make it. Staff were not attentive enough. Buzzed them servial times and no response." Pros: "I like the app to tell me where is my baggage. Thanks" Cons: "Check-in was bad. Too few staff for too many people." Cons: "Information provided on delays was limited and information on connecting by flights was incorrect" Pros: "Plane was nice and clean. Crew was pleasant and helpful." Pros: "Crew are very nice and approachable. No complain about their service. And flight is on time." Pros: "Price!" Cons: "Poor Customer service! My baggage arrived later on the same day I had arrived..., but I didnlt get it till 2 days later. There were or apology or announcement about the reason of my flight delay (2 hrs). I was told by a customer rep on the phone a few days before ny flight that I didn't need eTA to transit, but I needed it! I had to obtain it at the airport counter on the day of my flight.. I was very close to miss my flight.... Due to the delay, many customers missed connection flights, but there was no clear guidance to where to take care of the matter... I was ery disappointed.." Pros: "Not much to compliment on. The flight did offer a great selection of movies to choose from during the trip." Cons: "Constant flight delays. We were left on the runway for two hours before taking off due to an issue with the laboratory. The plane was overpacked, not allowing much personal space even in the aisle seat. People were sleeping on the floor and some in the aisles, creating a tripping hazard to those wanting to stand and stretch or walk to the restrooms. Those who attempted to sleep in their seat found that the seats were very uncomfortable and had very little to no leg room. When it came time to land at our destination, we ended up having to circle the airport for an additional 35 mins waiting for the terminal to free up. It was a very long 10hr flight that even the nice selection of movies to choose from couldn't help. Terrible flight experience, Canadian Air has really gone down hill." Pros: "Crew took very good care of me. They made sure I had a comfort seat." Cons: "No enough choice of movies" Pros: "Overall it was a quick and painless flight. The crew was friendly and we had no problems!" Pros: "In attempt to recover the failure, they gave one complimentary drink." Cons: "Planes got messed up which caused groups to get separated. Plane went from a two aisle plane to a single aisle. They had some sort of excuse but I am sure it was primarily to save money since the flight was not full. In flight entertainment kept restarting and the head jack hardly worked. Flight was delayed over an hour due to the plane switch. Also, to top it off they had one attendant that was dutied out so we had to wait longer for another flight attendant. This should have already been figured out before. I have flown Air Canada a lot and this was just not like them. Quite disappointed." Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Winnipeg to Vancouver found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 22/1Mon directLynx Air 3h 12mYWG-YVR C$ 42 Search 12/2Mon directLynx Air 3h 12mYWG-YVR C$ 47 Search 12/2Mon 1 stopFlair Airlines 16h 15mYWG-YVR C$ 108 Search 28/1Sun 1 stopFlair Airlines 16h 15mYWG-YVR C$ 109 Search 21/1Sun 1 stop 16h 13mYWG-YVR C$ 125 Search 19/1Fri 1 stop 13h 18mYWG-YVR C$ 127 Search 13/1Sat 1 stopWestJet 6h 35mYWG-YVR C$ 145 Search 17/1Wed 1 stopWestJet 5h 53mYWG-YVR C$ 147 Search 17/1Wed directAir Canada 3h 18mYWG-YVR C$ 256 Search 4/1Thu directAir Canada 3h 18mYWG-YVR C$ 287 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirFlair AirlinesWestJetAir Canada Search by priceC$ 50 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 130 or lessC$ 150 or lessC$ 290 or less Last minute flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon direct 3h 12mYWG-YVR 6/12Wed multi-stop 14h 07mYVR-YWG C$ 383 Search 4/12Mon directLynx Air 3h 12mYWG-YVR 6/12Wed directLynx Air 2h 32mYVR-YWG C$ 399 Search 1/12Fri directLynx Air 3h 12mYWG-YVR 5/12Tue multi-stopLynx Air 17h 44mYVR-YWG C$ 433 Search 1/12Fri directLynx Air 3h 12mYWG-YVR 5/12Tue multi-stopLynx Air 17h 44mYVR-YWG C$ 435 Search 5/12Tue multi-stop 11h 23mYWG-YVR 6/12Wed direct 2h 32mYVR-YWG C$ 441 Search 4/12Mon multi-stop 16h 00mYWG-YVR 6/12Wed multi-stop 14h 07mYVR-YWG C$ 452 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 12h 57mYWG-YVR 6/12Wed multi-stopWestJet 14h 07mYVR-YWG C$ 702 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 3h 14mYWG-YVR 9/12Sat multi-stopWestJet 6h 06mYVR-YWG C$ 733 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 8h 12mYWG-YVR 9/12Sat multi-stopWestJet 6h 06mYVR-YWG C$ 770 Search 1/12Fri directWestJet 3h 14mYWG-YVR 3/12Sun multi-stopWestJet 6h 56mYVR-YWG C$ 953 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirWestJet Search by priceC$ 400 or lessC$ 440 or lessC$ 450 or lessC$ 730 or lessC$ 950 or less Winnipeg - Vancouver Flights Departure: Winnipeg (YWG)Canada Destination: Vancouver (YVR)Canada Return flight deals: Vancouver - Winnipeg Cabin classes: First Class flights to Vancouver C$ 1,132 Business Class flights to Vancouver C$ 785 Prem Econ Class flights to Vancouver C$ 83 Economy Class flights to Vancouver Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Winnipeg C$ 98Flights from Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » British Columbia » Vancouver Airport C$ 98Flights to Vancouver Intl Airport, Vancouver Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Edmonton Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to Halifax Flights to Victoria Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Vancouver flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Vancouver from Winnipeg. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Vancouver from Winnipeg. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.