Cheap Flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale from $29 | (BOS - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW BOS - FLL Find cheap flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from Boston to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:51 pm - 1:22 amBOS-FLL 3h 31mnonstop 5:47 pm - 8:56 pmFLL-BOS 3h 09mnonstop $79Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Wed, Jan 31 9:51 pm - 1:22 amBOS-FLL 3h 31mnonstop 8:40 pm - 11:57 pmFLL-BOS 3h 17mnonstop $82Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Fri, Jan 19 9:51 pm - 1:22 amBOS-FLL 3h 31mnonstop 8:40 pm - 11:57 pmFLL-BOS 3h 17mnonstop $84Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Sat, Feb 3 12:42 pm - 4:11 pmBOS-FLL 3h 29mnonstop 8:40 pm - 11:57 pmFLL-BOS 3h 17mnonstop $85Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Tue, Jan 23 6:10 am - 9:39 amBOS-FLL 3h 29mnonstop 5:35 pm - 8:51 pmFLL-BOS 3h 16mnonstop $86Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Thu, Jan 18 9:47 pm - 1:24 amBOS-FLL 3h 37mnonstop 9:05 am - 7:33 amFLL-BOS 22h 28m2 stops $145 Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Tue, Dec 12 9:31 am - 7:21 amBOS-FLL 21h 50m1 stop 8:45 pm - 12:04 amFLL-BOS 3h 19mnonstop $146 Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Mon, Dec 18 7:15 am - 10:53 amBOS-FLL 3h 38mnonstop 3:20 pm - 11:31 pmFLL-BOS 8h 11m1 stop $158Delta Find Deal Mon, Jan 1 - Tue, Jan 16 9:00 pm - 12:32 amBOS-FLL 3h 32mnonstop 8:25 am - 11:40 amFLL-BOS 3h 15mnonstop $178JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Feb 21 - Fri, Mar 8 5:24 pm - 12:46 amBOS-FLL 7h 22m1 stop 8:35 am - 1:59 pmFLL-BOS 5h 24m1 stop $222JetBlue Find Deal Mon, Feb 19 - Tue, Mar 5 Show more results Flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? The average price of all flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Boston to Fort Lauderdale, look for departures on Tuesdays and avoid leaving on a Friday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Fort Lauderdale, Thursday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale is September, where tickets cost $147 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and February, where the average cost of tickets is $371 and $322 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Boston to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 33 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Boston were found on Spirit Airlines ($29) and JetBlue ($64), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($79) and Delta ($158). Which airlines fly most frequently between Boston and Fort Lauderdale? JetBlue connects Boston to Fort Lauderdale with up to 3 flights per day. Delta also offers 2 flights per day, while Spirit Airlines follows with 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Boston and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Boston to Fort Lauderdale. They are: Delta, JetBlue and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $64 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Boston and Fort Lauderdale per day? Each day, there are between 7 and 10 nonstop flights that take off from Boston and land in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 3h 32m. The most common departure time is 4:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 54 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Boston and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Boston to Fort Lauderdale take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Fort Lauderdale from Boston is typically 3h 27m. The journey crosses a distance of 1,238 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Boston at 5:15 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 8:41 am. What’s the latest departure time from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Boston to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 9:47 pm and lands at 1:24 am. Good to know Low season September High season February Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 44% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 23% increase in price. Flight from Boston to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Boston to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale Is there a prayer room at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport? Those who have arrived at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport from Boston Logan International Airport and wish to thank their maker for a safe journey have a room designated for payers. There's a quiet room for meditation and prayer located at the south end of Terminal 3. What is the best way to get to BOS from downtown Boston? BOS is located about 3.4 miles from the city center of Boston. There are various transportation options connecting the two points. However, the Silver Line, also known as Route SL1, is the best option for those traveling on a budget as it’s free. It departs from South Central Station and covers the distance in about 10min. Are there any hotels at FLL? If you’ll be arriving late at FLL, there’s no reason to worry as the airport is close to numerous hotels. Instead of rushing into the night traffic to your destination, you can spend a night in one of the hotels and wake up refreshed for your next connection. Hyatt Place Ft Lauderdale Airport & Cruise Port is one such hotel. Are there car rentals at FLL? There are several car rental companies at FLL to choose from, depending on your needs. Car rental desks are located in Terminals 1 and 2. It may be helpful to make an early booking if you want to save money. Should I fly into Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport or Miami International Airport? The two airports are a mere 30 minutes away from each other, so both are good options for most travelers flying from Boston or other cities. In general, Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport is ideal for travelers staying in Fort Lauderdale or further north, while Miami International Airport is better for travelers who are considering staying in Miami or heading south to the Florida Keys or other popular destinations. Can I fly from Boston to Fort Lauderdale non-stop? Yes, many airlines offer nonstop flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale, including Delta Air Lines, Spirit Airlines, and jetBlue Airways. There are also many airlines, like United Airlines and American Airlines, offering one-stop flights with common layovers in cities such as Charlotte, Atlanta, and Newark. What is the quickest way from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport to downtown Fort Lauderdale? Driving a personal vehicle or rental car is certainly the quickest option, as the downtown area is just minutes away from the airport. That being said, there are public transport options available such as the train service by Tri-Rail, which connect the airport to Fort Lauderdale, Miami, and West Palm Beach. The Sun Trolley is another option for travelers who wish to visit the historic center of Fort Lauderdale. Which terminal has the most dining options at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport? In addition to hosting flights from airlines such as Alaska Airlines, Southwest Airlines, and Allegiant Air, Terminal 1 is also the largest terminal in Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. Restaurant options in the terminal include Air Margaritaville Fort Lauderdale, Torn Basil, and Shula Burger. Do I need a passport to fly between Boston and Fort Lauderdale? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Boston to Fort Lauderdale flight route: JetBlue, American Airlines, AeroMexico Connect, Aeromexico, Spirit Airlines, Delta, and Alaska Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? The Boeing 737-800 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Boston to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? SkyTeam, oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Boston and Fort Lauderdale, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? There are nonstop flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $422 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $322 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from Boston is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to Boston with another airline. Booking your flights between Boston and FLL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from Boston up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from BOS to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $104 or less one-way and $190 or less round-trip. There’s a reason why Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) is ranked among the 20 busiest airports in the US. Besides its big size, it features high-tech innovations and modern infrastructure, hence a preference of most airlines to operate from here. This establishment has four terminals: Terminals A, B and C are for domestic flights, while international flights use Terminal E. A regular shuttle connects the terminals, although you can use walkways to get from one terminal to the other. Commuters flying on United Airlines from Boston to Fort Lauderdale should know that the airline’s hub is at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL). Those traveling on this carrier arrive at Terminal 1. The United Club is located in Terminal 1, Airside, Mid Level, next to Gate C1. Still, passengers will get priority clearance under the fast lane program. Mothers traveling with their littlest family members will be glad to note that BOS caters to their needs. The airport provides designated rooms where they can pump or breastfeed in privacy. Nursing rooms are available pre- and post-security in Terminal A. They’re spacious and feature seats and sinks. In case you want to want to have a moment with your maker before your trip from Boston to Fort Lauderdale, the airport has a chapel located away from the noisy terminal for your religious moment. The chapel is found in Terminal C pre-security, on the Arrivals Level. Regular prayers are offered at this sanctuary. Those who arrive at the airport fatigued after long hours in their cars can spare time before departure for self-indulgence before flying to FLL. Locate a spa in Terminal 1, both before and after security to help you relax. Manicures, pedicures, facials and deep-tissue massage are offered. Families with children will be happy to hear that there are three children’s play areas at Boston Logan International Airport. The play areas are located near Gate 18 in Terminal A, Gate 30 in Terminal B, and Gate 25 in Terminal C. There is also a small children’s play area at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport’s Terminal 1. Are the pets joining you on your trip from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? Logan International Airport travelers will find the designated animal relief areas outside of the Arrivals area of each terminal. At Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport there also relief areas outside of each terminal, along with one indoors in Terminal 1. Business travelers with flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale should make sure to take advantage of FLL’s Business Service Center in Terminal 2. Open from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. daily, the center offers services such as travel insurance, photocopying, faxing, and phone cards. Alternative airport options for travelers booking flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale are Miami International Airport and Palm Beach International Airport, which are, respectively, 30 minutes and 45 minutes away from Fort Lauderdale. Conveniently for travelers, all three airports are connected by the Tri-Rail Train service. Are you flying direct from Boston to Fort Lauderdale via Delta Air Lines? Why not take advantage of Delta’s hospitality by paying a visit to one of the Delta Sky Clubs at Logan International Airport? The lounges can be found in the Main Terminal by Gate A7 and in Terminal A by Gate 18. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Boston Logan Intl to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from Logan Intl to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Boston Logan Intl to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Boston to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Boston to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Boston to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 88crew 85boarding 78entertainment 79food 85overall 82comfort Airline reviews Pros: "Even though I was in Group C, I was one of the first to board (Groups A, B, and C were called to board all at once). Since the gate agent said the flight was full and there would be limited space for carry-on bags, being one of the first on the plane was nice. The leg room (I'm 6'2") was good." Cons: "The crew only did one pass through the cabin with soft drinks. Perhaps because it was a red-eye? Anyway, on a nearly 5 hour flight, I would have liked more than one small cup of refreshment."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "Even though I was in Group C, I was one of the first to board (Groups A, B, and C were called to board all at once). Since the gate agent said the flight was full and there would be limited space for carry-on bags, being one of the first on the plane was nice. The leg room (I'm 6'2") was good." Cons: "The crew only did one pass through the cabin with soft drinks. Perhaps because it was a red-eye? Anyway, on a nearly 5 hour flight, I would have liked more than one small cup of refreshment." Pros: "The crew was excellent and boarding was a cinch. I volunteered to check in my girlfriend and I's bags and the process was very easy." Cons: "Compared to other airlines, I think their food and beverage service was a little lacking." Pros: "They allowed passengers with little children Board first, unlike the trip from LAX to Boston we had to wait until our class even we traveled with 3 little children" Cons: "Let passengers with special needs board first, and announce baggage claim carousel number before entering the gate" Cons: "If we were able to get some real food and real answers when our flight was delayed for 5 hours. We got pretzels and cookies and that was it even though all the resteraunts in the airport had closed so we had no other options! We also kept getting told the fix would happen soon and it took 5 hours." Pros: "Plane was clean, spacious, entertainment system was great, lots of food offerings. Will fly this airline and aircraft again!" Cons: "Bathrooms were not maintained during duration of flight. With airlines like Delta and JetBlue stepping up their in-flight service Alaska needs to get with the program. I think everyone and their mothers we're in boarding group C but yet no one was in A...make it more dispersed." Pros: "I liked how the pilots were always updating us with information. The crew was very nice." Cons: "The seats were too hard!!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Alaska airlines is a consistent let down. This was the LAST time I will ever fly them. A 9 hour delay because their captain called out 1 hour before the flight. They did NOTHING to compensate the entire plane, made ppl leave back into a city with their bags, no food, etc. The gate agents handling it could've cared less and told people to call and complain it wasnt their problem. The service was horrible from top to bottom and cost people their entire day. Many missedevents, connecting flights and Alaska all the while didnt even comp a coffee to people theyd stranded from 6am to 6pm ," Pros: "Movies" Cons: "lack of Cleanliness, one crew member was rude and pushy (not to me but in her tone and to others)," Pros: "Friendly crew, clean plane" Cons: "Go go Wi-Fi was terrible...spotty service for about 20 minutes, but ultimately the crew just shut off the Wi-Fi. Ran out of food 1 hour into the 5 hour flight. were they not expecting a full flight?" Pros: "Paid seat was comfortable, entertainment was great" Cons: "The elder gentleman was very rude throughout the flight. Paid for front row seat mostly due to covid and he made us seat and wait for people that had a connection flight to exit the plane all the way from the end of the aircraft defeating the purpose of me buying the front row seat at $65 which was more than the seat was worth. The way the crew asked was was very rude because he stated if we stand up he would keep the door closed. I understand about the passengers with connection flight but its Jetblue responsibility to get these people to their connection but it shouldn’t jeopardize me." Cons: "The video screen at my seat did not work. Otherwise the flight was great" Pros: "Crew was kind and very helpful. Also, I found the seats to be comfortable and didn’t feel squished. There was plenty of leg room. Great experience overall. Thank you!" Cons: "Absolutely nothing! Was a fantastic experience!!!!" Cons: "After we had to correct a spelling mistake with one of our names, Our seats got reassigned even though we had paid for the extra leg room seats. While trying to get our original seats back they gave one of the seats away, which meant we had to get a seat without extra leg room and which spilt us up" Pros: "Crew was nice and the flight was fine" Cons: "I was quite shocked that the seat I had originally been put in the head phone jack and The Wholearea where the channel changes was falling apart. I was able to switch seats due to flight being not full but that would be annoying. I also was weirded out that they did not ha e touch screens. In general the plane just seemed old and dirty to me." Pros: "I've been flying budget airlines for so long that I was almost shocked to fly an airline that actually cares about its passengers! I kid you not, when they offered coffee to all passengers, I was so sure they would charge us I turned it down. Then, I noticed no one else was paying for it. The next time free snacks and drinks came around, I made sure to grab some! I also appreciated the few extra inches of leg room in every row. Being 6'3", not many planes are designed with your comfort in mind. I fit fairly comfortably in a non-emergency row seat. Last time I flew to Baltimore for work, I had a terrible experience with a different airline. It was $200 less expensive than most airlines, but I ended up paying more in baggage fees and seats. It was only a 1 hour flight and My boss said, "Cheap things usually cost you more, in money, time, and emotion" and nothing has been truer. I always assumed that flights were always unpleasant experiences. Now, I know better." Cons: "The seats, while having more than average leg room, still weren't very comfortable. Not that I'm expecting a luxury experience while flying economy, but I felt as though the headrest was farther back than average. I can usually fall asleep on a plane and wake up without neck pain, but I really struggled to even figure out a relaxing position this time around. I also did not know that JetBlue did not serve meals on cross-country flights. Or, on any flights for that matter. Had I known, I probably would've picked up a breakfast sandwich before boarding." Cons: "The airline had the flight delayed due to waiting for flight attendants. Very irresponsible of the crew and members, which weren’t working on the flight" Pros: "Plenty of leg room and nice to still get a few snacks!" Pros: "The stewardess were so nice and there were no delayes. And we can bring two bags on the plane for free." Cons: "They need to put more information for the gates so it is easier to check bags and there isn't a huge line. There also weren't very many workers to help people checking in their bags. more signs would help." Pros: "The crew members were great- really friendly and accommodating." Cons: "Turbulence. But like... nobody can make that stop so basically it was perfect" Pros: "The crew was great. The pilots too." Cons: "The audio and video at my seat did not work correctly." Cons: "Nothing, really. Airlines unfortunately can’t make people patient or polite, & I can’t afford a private jet, so I’ll have to settle for an eye roll or twelve." Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Pros: "The only thing I liked about the experience and flight was the Delta Sky Club" Cons: "Everything" Pros: "Seat was hard, not much foot space" Cons: "My wife and Iasked for a snack, it was never delivered" Cons: "Passengers should have the option to ask for additional snacks." Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "An hour and a half late, terrible communication about scheduling" Pros: "nice crew" Cons: "terrible seat comfort, late departure due to airline’s booking problems" Pros: "Snacks and drinks were yummy and very appreciated. Entertainment was great. Tons of shows and movies and all for free. There was also free iMessage only WiFi which was enjoyed while messaging friends and loved ones while in the air." Cons: "For the amount of passengers boarding, they started the boarding process way too late which resulting in a delay taking off. The entire boarding process felt sloppy, disorganized, and hectic. They allowed passengers to board that were seated at the end of the plane while some 1 was boarding, causing tons of congestion. The boarding process was the slowest I have ever experienced in all the flights I’ve been on. The crew was ok, but slightly snappy/rude like typical New Yorkers. The flight from ft. Lauderdale to New York was much more pleasant." Pros: "The only flight that was a bit better was from Mumbai to Hyderabad." Cons: "Almost the entire trip, due to the following reasons: 1. The online check in process didn't work at all. The Delta staff at the Boston airport weren't pleasant and courteous at all. 2. Poor coordination between Delta & Jet Airways - the meal preference was selected before flight at the Jet Airways website but the same didn't get registered properly, even though the website confirmed to me that it was all set. This resulted in appropriate food not being available to the customer on the flight from Boston to Amsterdam. The customer had to literally starve on the flight. 3. The pursers and stewards on the flight from Boston to Amsterdam weren't pleasant and courteous at all. For anything they were asked, their responses ." I love that I can fly straight to Phoenix/Mesa on Allegiant without any layovers! I bundled my flight to include a couple of different perks, one being I got to pick my seat. I initially picked my seat, and then a week before I flew out, I got a notification I had to pick my seat again, which I did. When I got to the airport, I realized I still didn't have a seat assignment and needed to have the gate agent assign me a seat. What was the purpose of bundling if in the end, I didn't get to pick my seat? Also, bundling didn't include a carry-on so I ended up having to pay $33 extra for that so what would have been a $59 flight ended up being almost $180. Web site and app most difficult to access. Tel number not accessible. No answer at any time of day. Had to cancel flight as it was delayed by 12 hours Pros: "Nothing. Worst flight I’ve ever taken." Cons: "We were on the tarmac for 3.5 hours with little communication or apology. The seats were very uncomfortable. Terrible turbulence. Not even a complimentary soda for all of this. I will never fly Allegiant ever again." Pros: "Flight speed" Cons: "The crew needs to remember that we are all watching and listening to them hoot and holler with themselves. During the flight the head attendant was watching a movie on her personal device. At this point anybody could do her job" Pros: "Left on time, arrived early, deplaned quickly because no one had bag" Cons: "Reclinable seats" Pros: "There was nothing outstanding really" Cons: "It’s a low cost airline, so expectations are very low. Plane was very dirty because it just keeps on hopping back and forth without any cleaning service it seems" Pros: "No The crew was not friendly at all" Cons: "I honestly am angry that I was charged for things others where not.This is ridiculous" Pros: "The crew was courteous and helpful; plane was clean; flight was on time; no problems" Pros: "That we landed safely in 20 mph winds." Cons: "Stop stuffing too many people in an airplane, stop charging for every little thing, nothing nice or fun about flying in the US.It is just the fastest way to get to places..International airlines are much better and not cattle planes." Pros: "Friendly service, quality new airplane, American airlines has improved a lot!" Pros: "Good pilot/ crew to passenger interection. Great movie and entertainment selections." Cons: "Turbulence but airline / pilot can't control that." Pros: "Smooth flight, not too bumpy. Also flew on time and landed early. Free beer" Cons: "No internet. No tv screens. Jet blue is still better." Pros: "We had to wait in the airplane upon arrival in La Guardia NY because wheelchair was not ready." Pros: "Everything great. Rate food and entertainment moderate because there was no dinner, which we did not require, and we went to sleep so didn't pay attention to entertainment." Pros: "The flight crew was professional, friendly and competent. They served the dinner as early in the flight as possible." Cons: "This was a plane with central screens along the aisle, and the airline chose to broadcast a sci-fi action movie with almost constant flashing blue light, and violent action scenes. This was first of all a movie that many people, including me, would never choose to watch, but since it was on the aisle screens there was no getting away from it. It was also unsuitable for children, even without sound. But mainly, I object to the showing of any film in that situation - only aisle screens available, and on a night flight where most of the passengers are trying to sleep. I was awakened several times by the flashing lights. Other things: one of the bathrooms was not very clean, and the plane felt like the usual cattlecar, with just 3 seats on each side of the aisle, which is unusual and unpleasant for a transatlantic flight." Pros: "The crew were pleasant and friendly. They tried the best that they could given the circumstances." Cons: "My flights were delayed so I missed my connection. I had to fly a red-eye from San Fran to Boston getting in at 6AM with meetings that started at 10AM...had to BUY a day-pass at the Admirals Club (I feel this could have been provided as it was mechanical issues that caused the delays). THEN my trip from Boston home were delayed so they switched me to another flight and then THAT one was delayed twice so I actually got home later than if I had taken the original flight! Overall the flights really sucked!!" Cons: "The flight was delayed 3 hours waiting for a flight attendant" Cons: "American Airlines made me check my carry-on luggage, despite there being many open overhead compartments visible on the plane." Pros: "Old school seat. No foot rest. Small plane to go coast to coast." Cons: "UI on the entertainment system was horrible." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Allegiant Air7.2 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Boston to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/1Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 31mBOS-FLL $29 Search 1/25Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 31mBOS-FLL $34 Search 1/9Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 37mBOS-FLL $35 Search 1/13Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 31mBOS-FLL $36 Search 2/27Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 32mBOS-FLL $64 Search 12/11Mon 1 stopFrontier 28h 04mBOS-FLL $79 Search 12/8Fri 1 stopFrontier 27h 39mBOS-FLL $96 Search 12/13Wed nonstopJetBlue 3h 26mBOS-FLL $99 Search 12/21Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 16mBOS-FLL $149 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopDelta 6h 48mBOS-FLL $204 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueFrontierAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$30 or less$40 or less$80 or less$100 or less$200 or less Last minute flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 37mBOS-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 47mFLL-BOS $116 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 38mBOS-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 52mFLL-BOS $135 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 37mBOS-FLL 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 17mFLL-BOS $138 Search 12/2Sat nonstop 3h 33mBOS-FLL 12/12Tue multi-stop 18h 17mFLL-BOS $184 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 11h 07mBOS-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stop 9h 31mFLL-BOS $189 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 38mBOS-FLL 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 15mFLL-BOS $317 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 38mBOS-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 53mFLL-BOS $347 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 3h 35mBOS-FLL 12/7Thu nonstopDelta 3h 16mFLL-BOS $351 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 6h 28mBOS-FLL 12/7Thu nonstopDelta 3h 20mFLL-BOS $360 Search 12/3Sun nonstopJetBlue 3h 26mBOS-FLL 12/6Wed nonstopJetBlue 3h 18mFLL-BOS $374 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesDeltaJetBlue Search by price$140 or less$180 or less$320 or less$350 or less$370 or less Boston - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: Boston (BOS)United States Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - Boston Cabin classes: $814 First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $832 Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $396 Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $77 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $69Flights from Boston to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $69Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Fort Myers Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Boston. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from Boston. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.