Cheap Flights from Philadelphia to Florida from $28 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Philadelphia to Florida from $28 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/7. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Florida ...and more Latest Florida Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULAROrlando From Philadelphia Nonstop from $48 Search Flights Miami From Philadelphia Nonstop from $40 Search Flights Fort Lauderdale From Philadelphia Nonstop from $48 Search Flights Tampa From Philadelphia Nonstop from $53 Search Flights Fort Myers From Philadelphia Nonstop from $58 Search Flights Jacksonville From Philadelphia Nonstop from $38 Search Flights Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $28 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 19% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 15% increase in price. Flight from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport FAQs - booking Florida flights What layover options are available from Philadelphia to Florida? Most Flights from Philadelphia to Florida have one stop. The stops vary depending on your airline and destination airport. Spirit Airlines and American Airlines offer stops for flights in PHL-RSW. The stops include Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport (DTW) and Charlotte Douglas International Airport (CLT), respectively. American Airlines and Delta have single stops offering for PHY-ECP. The stops include CLT and Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL). Spirit Airlines offers stops at McCoy Air Force Base (MCO)-Orlando International Airport (ORL) for flights in PHL-UST. What parking options are available at Philadelphia International Airport (PHL)? Long-term parking at PHL is located on the distant outside lot past Terminal F. Blue and white buses run non-stop to and from the terminal. Bus shuttles run continuously between the terminals. At PHL airport, short-term parking is accessible near baggage claim in Terminals A, B, C, D, E, and F. The Penn DOT "Park & Ride" facility, situated on Bartram Avenue next to the Southbound I-95 exit ramp for Cargo City, is now open to drivers arriving at Philadelphia International Airport to pick up passengers. While waiting for passengers to arrive at the airport, drivers are required to stay inside their cars. Are there any lounges at PHL? Concourses A, East, West, B/C, and F are just a few locations where you can join the American Airlines Admirals Club. The location of Centurion Lounge is near Gate A14 at Terminal A west, Airside. Lounge membership programs and American Express® Cardholders get access to lounges. The Delta Sky Lounge is in Terminal 3. The United Club is Airside, second floor, between Concourses C and D. You can pay at the door with a valid United Airlines ticket or a United Club membership to access the lounge. What accessibility services are offered in Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport (ECP)? The terminal is fully accessible to those with wheelchairs. There are also available ramps and elevators. Ample room is available at ticket booths, baggage claim, and security checkpoints for people with special needs, and doors are automatic or equipped with handles to make access and leaving easier. ADA-compliant water fountains and restrooms are available. ECP provides both audio and visual paging. Both the short-term and long-term parking lots on-site offer designated disability permit parking. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Philadelphia to Florida? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Philadelphia to Florida. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Philadelphia to Florida? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Florida from Philadelphia is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Philadelphia to Florida? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Florida with an airline and back to Philadelphia with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Philadelphia to Florida? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Florida from Philadelphia up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Florida Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Philadelphia to the following destinations at these prices or less: Fort Lauderdale $58 one-way - $112 round-trip; Orlando $43 one-way - $82 round-trip; Miami $56 one-way - $127 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be March and April. The cheapest month to fly from Philadelphia is September. Morning departure is around 11% more expensive than an evening flight, on average*. If you are looking for non-stop flights from Philadelphia to Florida, consider flying with American Airlines, Frontier, or linear air taxi. American Airlines and Frontier offer direct flights from Philadelphia International Airport (PHL)-Southwest Florida International Airport (RSW). In contrast, linear air taxis offer non-stop flights from PHL-Northeast Florida Regional Airport (UST) and PHL-Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport (ECP). The Philadelphia Airport's Hospitality Program offers passengers information on hotels and ground transportation in addition to refreshments, pillows, shawls, and other comfort goods if they become trapped there due to an emergency or weather delay that causes flight cancellations. If you are looking for business amenities at PHL, copy machines, faxes, shipping, notary services, and other business services are provided by The UPS Store, located on the airside, a walkway between Terminals A and B. RSW offers car rentals. The Rental Car Service Center, which is across the street from the airport's main terminal, is where you can pick up on-site rentals at the Southwest Florida Airport. Go outside the airport on the ground floor from the baggage claim area. If you are traveling with your pet, there are indoor "Pet Ports" accessible at PHL, one within each terminal. Outside the baggage claim areas are dedicated outdoor rest spots along the road for departing flights. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Philadelphia to FloridaNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Philadelphia to Florida? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29954 reviews 78comfort 81overall 78entertainment 81boarding 75food 85crew Airline reviews Pros: "Flight attendants were friendly." Cons: "Luggage that had to be checked at the gate was not immediately available when we landed."Read more about Delta Pros: "Flight attendants were friendly." Cons: "Luggage that had to be checked at the gate was not immediately available when we landed." Pros: "The crew was nice. They did a very good job under the circumstance." Cons: "The flight was delayed over an hour because of an error on Delta‘s part. They did not verify people as they were boarding. Further the person in 17 F was doing video chat as we were preparing to take off and he had very foul language throughout the flight. The crew never said anything." Pros: "Actually leaving the airport after 2 hours late was the best part." Cons: "Not be hours late. And then when you finally land have to wait longer for an open gate cause they're doing work on the other ones. A lot of poor planning on this trip. Very disappointed in this experience cause I love to fly." Pros: "The flight was average, but the quality of travel on Delta this year has been the worst I’ve ever seen. It’s average at best and I’m considering going back to American because I have yet to have a true Delta flight consistent with previous years, the whole reason I switched to Delta." Cons: "Everything" Pros: "Not much I liked" Cons: "The crew were the worst Delta crew I’ve ever had. Sat 1st class and waited 1 hour from sitting in my seat untill I was offered a beverage. Asked for a snack and was told to wait until the basket was brought around, 20 minutes later. Asked for coffee, it was terrible and served with attitude." Pros: "VERY small plane and small narrow seats" Cons: "Yes...not change my flight at the last minute and causing me to miss my connecting flight. Then making me reschedule my flight with only options that I now have (2) layover and then arrive in Korea another day later, that then caused me to miss my college orientation day!" Pros: "chwcking in was very easy." Cons: "No in board beverages. On flight from RDU to PHL beverages were served." Cons: "I had a 4 hour layover in Minneapolis, there was another flight to Denver that I meant I could’ve been home three hours earlier had I done standby, but because I had a cheaper ticket I was not allowed that opportunity. That makes absolutely no sense to me seeing as my flight was packed. I’m sorry my flight saved me money" Pros: "Not like" Cons: "I have Sky Team Elite Plus Platinum but not fare anything!" Pros: "the flight was quick and it was fine. flight crew was polite and professional." Cons: "i didn’t like that my knees were in the row in front of me, and we hit some pretty scary bumps. i get really anxious about turbulence." Pros: "Good entertainment choices." Cons: "Uncomfortable seat with insufficient legroom wouldn't recline. Inadequate overhead storage (full flight)" Cons: "They cancelled two of my flights in one weekend. We will not use American Airlines again." Pros: "First class meal (lasagna) was quite good." Cons: "Flight was two hours late due to snow and deicing." Pros: "The flight was early to arrive. There was also a rather frightening bit of turbulence, and the pilot explained why it had occurred, which I found very reassuring." Cons: "The food was definitely below average. It's virtually all carbohydrates.Other airlines provide you with a printed description of the menu options, so it's easier to make a choice. "Chicken or pasta" doesn't give the passengers any idea of what they are actually choosing. This time the chicken dish was served with pearl couscous, so it was basically pasta as well. The salad I was given was brown and wilted, and while the cabin attendants were kind enough to give me two salad that were in better shape (after meal service), I just think that quality control should have prevented a inedible salad from being served in the first place. I am also extremely opposed to American Airlines Transatlantic luggage fees. Since I was moving abroad rather than taking a short trip, I was not pleased about paying 100 USD for a second bag on top of an already expensive flight." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "The delay and the seat comfort for purchasing the main cabin seats was not as expected." Cons: "I was so disappointed as soon as I walked into the plane. It was very old plane and very dated. There was no entertainment center. It was a long flight with nothing to do. :( I will never fly with American Airlines to Europe again)" Pros: "Because he flight wasn’t full, the seat next to me wasn’t occupied, giving me a bit more space." Cons: "Food was bland. Flight was delayed almost two hours." Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Pros: "Landed early" Cons: "The seats were not as good as the ones on my BA flight to Heathrow and then Rome. Also, cross country flight but no in flight entertainment. Arrived early in PHL and American would not let me move up to an earlier PHL-SFO flight since it was a code share booked with BA. Should not be my fault as when booking it indicated all four of my flights were with BA. Once booked it indicated the return flights were code share with AA. American should have allowed me on the earlier flight. That would have opened a seat on the scheduled flight which had people waiting on standby." Pros: "I liked that food and entertainment was included without additional charges, even a glass of wine." Cons: "Not too comfortable to sleep in." Pros: "Crew was amazing." Cons: "It would have been nice to depart within an hour of my original time." Cons: "The plane was extremely full. No chance of social distancing." Pros: "First flight I’ve been on where United airlines has adequate leg room for a tall person. A newish airbus plane. I’ve been avoiding United for a number of years cause their planes tend to be very uncomfortable for taller passengers. This is the seat spacing that all airlines should have." Cons: "The flight was delayed more than 4 hours. It was a bad experience with United." Cons: "Plane was in poor condition. Made loud beeping noises during final part of flight. No power outlets at seat." Pros: "My father passed away earlier that day and I needed a ticket quickly to fly home. At the airport I was a mess and the airline counter attendant was so amazing helping me ( I had never flown United and had no idea about their luggage policies ect..). She quickly pulled me aside.. helped me with checking in and did her best to fine me another seat thatvwas better than the one I had already chosen.Also, she gave me a hug and her condolences. Flying with an airline that has heart helped me so much during one of the most difficult times of my life. I will absolutely fly with them again." Cons: "No complaints ... but I paid for a movie to take my mind off of my father's passing during the flight and there was a short in my monitor for our whole row. It kept cutting in and out and "searching for signal", I only was able to see 1/4 of the movie I paid for with all the interruptions in signal." Pros: "Everything! The flight left on time and landed early. Service was great and the staff was super." Cons: "The plane was delayed 5 times causing us to miss our connection. We had to stay overnight in the airport in Chicago. We were told that there would be blankets waiting for us that we could use however there weren't and we had to practically beg for them." Pros: "Landing safely." Cons: "Everything else. I flew from PHL to IAH and was very unhappy with the experience. The gate agents were unfriendly. The bag check agents downstairs were unfriendly. I had two separate phone calls with United a week prior to the flight to understand and confirm the bag policy. This was AFTER booking my flight so they knew upfront I bought a basic economy ticket. After my first call, I understood a personal item would be free and I would be able to pay for my carry on bag, but only within 24 hours prior to the flight. I made a second call to be absolutely sure the previous agent gave me the correct information and pricing. So I paid the $25 for my carry on, checked in online, and waited at the gate while boarding at the very end because I was basic economy. They did not let me board with my bag. They requested another $50 to check my carry on with them or I would be rebooked. I struggled to afford the flight, let alone the carry on fee I had paid in advance. I literally did not have the money, and even if I had the cash, they only accept plastic. What blew me away was they weren't asking me to check my carry on because of the size. But because of my basic economy ticket, aka, the N fare. Despite checking with two employees by phone after buying my ticket and paying for a carry on in advance, there is a rule in place that states "if you have purchased Basic Economy, you will only be allowed one personal item, unless you are a Premier member or a primary card member using a qualifying MileagePlus credit card." Therefore, there is no alternative. You are a second class citizen; a no good deplorable, when you buy this ticket and there is nothing you can do to upgrade it. Only the "premier" passengers have the right to bring a carry on aboard even if you think you're paying for the privelage. What I was expected to somehow understand after asking two United employees prior if I could purchase the right to bring a carry on bag aboard, was to CHECK my CARRY ON downstairs or learn the hard way. Wow. What a ruthless way to learn this lesson. I waited 7 more hours to board the next available flight. What a nightmare. I thought I had did the appropriate research necessary and planned in advance to avoid these situations. Checking in online and contacting customer service prior is no longer the convenience it used to be. Even if you've done your research, bring additional funds with you. Even if you check in online and have a digital boarding pass, always check in with a real human prior to entering the TSA security line. A side note, United is trying to save money while "speeding up" the process by forcing you to use a computer to hand over your checked luggage. Speaking with a human now is a monumental struggle." Pros: "Clean aircraft, swift flight" Cons: "Seat was changed to last row/middle seat (not what initially booked or confirmed with online check-in). Before takeoff, attendant moved all passengers in back row to alternate seats. Which meant that I was no longer traveling with my colleague. Unfortunately, that made our intended meeting time impossible." Pros: "Seats where comfortable and I had space" Cons: "Maybe TV's can be added, the crew members weren't so hospitable" Pros: "Crew was amazing, I love that they had tablets to take the order instead of driving the cart up and down the aisle." Cons: "Paid fifty dollars for more leg room and it basically felt like basic seats that I’ve flown with such as spirit and American Airlines" Pros: "Flight on time, crew was friendly and helpful. Boarding was seamless and overall great experience for the price" Cons: "Not much leg room but expected with budget airlines" Pros: "Was direct and easy. No issues with boarding or flight" Cons: "Cramped" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I will never fly Frontier airlines again. No matter how inexpensive the tickets are, it is not worth the aggravation. Agents were rude. Flight horribly delayed. Plan ride was uncomfortable. I lost my car rental because they close at 5:30pm. When there own employees say there flights are always delayed that alone said it all." Pros: "The price but after today, I’m going back to “you get what you pay for.”" Cons: "Flight was delayed 21/2 hours. Was not told ahead of time. We boarded even later then we sat on the tarmac for an hour and a half and we were told that we were #12 in line. An hour later we were told that we were now #15!! Finally off the ground. Flight attendant had a very annoying voice but what made it worse how he kept asking for money because of everyone purchasing. Yes I know but some how on other flights you don’t hear about the money, this was in your face" Pros: "I arrived safely. The crew was very friendly and helped to. All my husband who was scared as this was his first time flying." Cons: "The agent who checked me in was extremely unprofessional. I felt like she was envious that I was going on a vacation and she had to work. She tried to make my experience a living hell. I personally think she should be fired. She does not enjoy what she is doing. She joyfully told me that it costs $40 to carry my luggage and after I informed her that I saw it online for less she informed me that I should have bought it online. She then stuck me all the way in the last row of the plane. I am 5'9". My husband is 6'2" and over 300 pounds. Those seats have the least leg room. It was pure torture. The flight crew in the back help my poor husband by using humor to help him." Pros: "Boarding was smooth and efficient. Crew was very nice and accommodating." Cons: "Seats were very uncomfortable and didn't recline which made it tough to sleep. Also complimentary soft drinks and snacks should have been offered. Shouldn't have to pay for them." Pros: "Nothing...well I liked when we finally boarded almost 4 hours late." Cons: "Most of it really. This isn't the first time I've dealt with this on your airline. I actually chose not to take you most of the time but basically had no choice this time." Cons: "Uncomfortable seats - don't recline! Rude crew, create an impression if they're doing you a favor by being there. Flight significantly delayed. No clear announcements. As a frequent flier, didn't expect a Spirit like experience from Frontier!" Pros: "On time" Cons: "After self tagging my luggage, the bag drop line was too slow. The price as viewed in kayak for Spirit is deceiving. Once you pay for all the add ones, bag charges , seat charges, it’s NO cheaper than any airline. But the leg room and no recliner seats sure are less comfortable." Pros: "Liked the gate escort as my wife required wheelchair assistance" Cons: "Checking in 1 bag should be complementary at no charge." Pros: "Quick boarding, smooth ride" Cons: "No entertainment or food or drink service on a 6 hour flight" Pros: "The flight down to Atlanta was fine. However the flight home was cancelled due to snow, and the earliest flight I could get was 3 days later. I missed a concert I purchased tickets for MONTHS ago. Not to mention added parking expenses. Spirit offered NOTHING in lieu of these inconveniences." Cons: "The flight down to Atlanta was fine. However the flight home was cancelled due to snow, and the earliest flight I could get was 3 days later. I missed a concert I purchased tickets for MONTHS ago. Not to mention added parking expenses. Spirit offered NOTHING in lieu of these inconveniences." Pros: "I DIDN'T LIKE ANYTHING" Cons: "The customer service is rude, unhelpful and provided no solutions. I spoke with three agents including a supervisory and no one wanted to help. Worst airline. I would rather pay more than attempt to fly with Spirit Airline." Cons: "They lost my luggage and were incredibly rude to me while in the process of finding it. STILL DONT HAVE LUGGAGE. They treated me like it was fault" Pros: "Awful experience. My flight was delayed meaning i missed all my flights back home and had to purchase a $800 ticket the day of. Spirit's customer staff was no help at all. Very frustrating and stressful with no assistance. Plus it costs my a lot more money." Cons: "Awful experience. My flight was delayed meaning i missed all my flights back home and had to purchase a $800 ticket the day of. Spirit's customer staff was no help at all. Very frustrating and stressful with no assistance. Plus it costs my a lot more money." Pros: "I ended up buying a different flight with a different airline because I would have been stuck in Vegas for 12 hrs AGAIN with this airline. It's trash" Pros: "The flight left on time and arrived safely" Cons: "They advertise as a budget carrier, but charged $82 for one checked bag weighing 48 Lbs. Although I made the reservation months ago and checked in early, I was assigned to a middle seat. Even if I make no purchases while in the trip, I will still have to pay another $82 for the same checked bag on the return trip. This was no bargain. Note to self and others-steer clear of Spirit." Cons: "We were directed to board a plane that was not ready to fly and did not have working air conditioning. It was a safety and health hazard." Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Philadelphia to Florida Recent one-way flight deals 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 55mPHL-MCO $28 Search 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 50mPHL-TPA $28 Search 12/15Fri nonstopFrontier 2h 48mPHL-MCO $29 Search 12/11Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 48mPHL-PBI $29 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopDelta 7h 51mPHL-MIA $99 Search 2/21Wed 1 stopDelta 6h 06mPHL-JAX $99 Search 1/5Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 26mPHL-SRQ $108 Search 4/2Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 37mPHL-MCO $130 Search 12/6Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 9h 50mPHL-FLL $177 Search 3/10Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 07mPHL-MCO $194 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$100 or less$130 or less$190 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 51mPHL-MCO 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 31mMCO-PHL $33 Search 1/27Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 53mPHL-MCO 2/2Fri nonstopFrontier 2h 32mMCO-PHL $38 Search 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mPHL-MCO 12/18Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 43mMCO-PHL $39 Search 1/29Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 57mPHL-MIA 2/1Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 51mMIA-PHL $40 Search 1/6Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 10mPHL-RSW 1/10Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 38mRSW-PHL $186 Search 2/2Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 26mPHL-PBI 2/9Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 29mPBI-PHL $194 Search 2/6Tue 1 stopDelta 7h 05mPHL-PBI 2/14Wed 1 stopDelta 5h 19mPBI-PHL $197 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopDelta 5h 56mPHL-MIA 12/12Tue 1 stopDelta 6h 34mMIA-PHL $197 Search 1/16Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 54mPHL-EYW 1/23Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 10h 45mEYW-PHL $434 Search 2/4Sun 2 stopsUnited Airlines 23h 05mPHL-EYW 2/13Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 10h 45mEYW-PHL $441 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$40 or less$190 or less$200 or less$440 or less Last minute flights from Philadelphia to Florida Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 9h 20mPHL-MCO 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 28mMCO-PHL $53 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 48mPHL-PBI 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 46mPBI-PHL $58 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 46mPHL-TPA 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 29mTPA-PHL $63 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 21mPHL-MCO 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 59mMCO-PHL $66 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 57mPHL-PBI 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 39mPBI-PHL $396 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 06mPHL-PBI 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 05mPBI-PHL $404 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 3h 58mPHL-JAX 12/9Sat multi-stopDelta 5h 15mJAX-PHL $434 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 5h 54mPHL-PNS 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 6h 19mPNS-PHL $435 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 19mPHL-TPA 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 15mTPA-PHL $498 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 06mPHL-PBI 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 4h 50mPBI-PHL $512 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$60 or less$70 or less$400 or less$440 or less$510 or less Philadelphia - Florida Flights Departure: Philadelphia (PHL)United States Return flight deals: Florida - Philadelphia Cabin classes: $526 First Class flights to Florida $526 Business Class flights to Florida $534 Prem Econ Class flights to Florida $40 Economy Class flights to Florida Browse origins: Flights » United States » Pennsylvania » Philadelphia $34Flights from Philadelphia to Florida Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida $40Flights to Boca Raton, Florida $56Flights to Bradenton, Florida Flights to Cape Canaveral, Florida $68Flights to Cape Coral, Florida $56Flights to Clearwater Beach, Florida $56Flights to Clearwater, Florida Flights to Cocoa Beach, Florida $257Flights to Daytona Beach, Florida $40Flights to Delray Beach, Florida $40Flights to Florida Keys, Florida $40Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Florida $68Flights to Fort Myers Beach, Florida $68Flights to Fort Myers, Florida $284Flights to Gainesville, Florida $40Flights to Islamorada, Florida $68Flights to Jacksonville, Florida $40Flights to Key Largo, Florida $208Flights to Key West, Florida Flights to Kissimmee, Florida $40Flights to Marco Island, Florida $277Flights to Melbourne, Florida, Florida $40Flights to Miami Beach, Florida $40Flights to Miami, Florida $3,552Flights to Naples, Florida, Florida Flights to New Smyrna Beach, Florida Flights to Ocala, Florida $34Flights to Orlando, Florida $248Flights to Panama City Beach, Florida $248Flights to Panama City, Florida, Florida $96Flights to Pensacola Beach, Florida $96Flights to Pensacola, Florida $40Flights to Pompano Beach, Florida $40Flights to Port St. Lucie, Florida $248Flights to Rosemary Beach, Florida $58Flights to Sarasota, Florida $58Flights to Siesta Key, Florida $240Flights to Tallahassee, Florida $234Flights to Tampa, Florida $56Flights to Tampa, Florida $283Flights to Valparaiso, Florida, Florida Flights to Vero Beach, Florida $58Flights to West Palm Beach, Florida View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Florida flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Florida from Philadelphia. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Florida from Philadelphia. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.