Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Miami from $45 | (LAX - MIA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - MIA Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Miami from $45 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Miami These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Miami. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Miami. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Miami?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to Miami that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:50 pm - 6:00 amLAX-MIA 8h 10m1 stop 8:19 am - 1:59 pmMIA-LAX 8h 40m1 stop $86Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 4:16 pm - 6:58 amLAX-MIA 11h 42m1 stop 8:19 am - 5:11 pmMIA-LAX 11h 52m1 stop $87Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Tue, Feb 6 9:05 pm - 4:48 amLAX-MIA 4h 43mnonstop 8:19 am - 1:59 pmMIA-LAX 8h 40m1 stop $133 Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 6:20 am - 6:40 pmLAX-MIA 9h 20m1 stop 2:03 pm - 6:53 pmMIA-LAX 7h 50m1 stop $134 Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Sat, Jan 20 10:45 am - 6:42 pmLAX-MIA 4h 57mnonstop 6:58 pm - 10:10 pmMIA-LAX 6h 12mnonstop $178JetBlue Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Fri, Dec 15 10:40 am - 6:27 pmLAX-MIA 4h 47mnonstop 6:36 am - 9:37 amMIA-LAX 6h 01mnonstop $188JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Sun, Jan 21 12:15 pm - 8:09 pmLAX-MIA 4h 54mnonstop 7:35 am - 10:35 amMIA-LAX 6h 00mnonstop $200Delta Find Deal Sat, Feb 3 - Tue, Feb 13 7:35 am - 8:18 pmLAX-MIA 9h 43m1 stop 7:00 am - 2:30 pmMIA-LAX 10h 30m1 stop $207Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Sat, Jan 20 7:00 am - 4:27 pmLAX-MIA 6h 27m1 stop 8:30 am - 11:30 amMIA-LAX 6h 00mnonstop $243American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Tue, Jan 9 6:33 am - 2:21 pmLAX-MIA 4h 48mnonstop 7:50 am - 1:31 pmMIA-LAX 8h 41m1 stop $256American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Mon, Jan 29 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to Miami - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to Miami to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to Miami? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to Miami clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Los Angeles to Miami, look for departures on Tuesdays and avoid leaving on a Thursday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Miami, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to Miami? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to Miami is September, where tickets cost $253 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is $480 and $403 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to Miami? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to Miami, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 55 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to Miami? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Los Angeles to Miami found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $86 on Spirit Airlines, followed by JetBlue ($178). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $45 on Spirit Airlines and from $89 on JetBlue. Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and Miami? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to Miami. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Los Angeles to Miami. They are: American Airlines, Delta and JetBlue. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Delta at $108 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at JetBlue. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and Miami per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 15 nonstop flights that take off from Los Angeles and land in Miami, with an average flight time of 4h 55m. The most common departure time is 11:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 88 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and Miami? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to Miami take? Direct flights take on average 4h 43m to travel the 2,337 miles between Los Angeles and Miami. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to Miami? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 6:07 am and will be landing in Miami at 2:09 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to Miami? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to Miami jets off at 11:59 pm and lands at 7:54 am. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $45 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 29% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 13% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Miami When to book flights from Los Angeles to Miami Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to Miami based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to Miami Is parking available at Los Angeles International Airport? Yes, LAX offers convenient parking options to passengers who opt to leave their vehicles at the airport when flying out. Central Terminal Parking is ideal for picking up or dropping passengers, extended stays, and overnight trips. Economy Parking offers up to 4000 stalls and features about 305 EV Chargers. Travelers with bikes and motorcycles can park inside the Central Terminal Parking Lots for free for up to 30 days. Payments by cash and major credit cards like American Express, MasterCard, Discover, and Visa are accepted. You can also pay via debit cards like Explore, Star, and Interlink. Are there any ATMs at Los Angeles International Airport? Yes, LAX provides multiple ATMs and currency exchange services for passengers who need cash before flying out. ICE Currency Exchange operates kiosks in every terminal in the airport. You can find them in the South Concourse, North Concourse, Departure, and Arrival Level in the Tom Bradley International Terminal. Others are in the Arrival Levels in Terminals 6, 5, and 2, and in the Departure Levels in Terminals 3, 4, and 7. Bank of America runs ATMs in the Arrival Level in Terminal 5. What accessible services are offered at Miami International Airport? MIA is an accessible airport that strives to provide equal and accessible air travel for all travelers. Each airline flying through the airport offers wheelchair assistance services to its passengers. MIA also provides wheelchair charging stations where travelers can charge their mobile devices before their flight. The stations are post-security in Concourses J, H, G, F, E, and D and pre-security in the H and D International Arrivals. MIA also provides TTY/TDD telephones, accessible restrooms, and designated disabled parking. How can I fly sustainably from Los Angeles to Miami? To fly sustainably from Los Angeles to Miami, choose airlines emitting fewer carbon emissions to the environment, pack, prioritize direct flight deals, and pack light when traveling. American Airlines offers the most eco-friendly flights to Miami from Los Angeles. Its nonstop flights on this route emit about 37% less carbon than its counterparts. What is the easiest way to get to LAX from Los Angeles? The most convenient way to LAX is the LAX FlyAway bus that runs seven days a week. The bus stops in Hollywood, Long Beach, downtown Los Angeles, San Fernando Valley, and UCLA, and goes directly to LAX. Tickets can be purchased online or onboard. I’m traveling with a baby. Are there nursing rooms at the airports on this route? Mothers will appreciate the Nursing Rooms located in every terminal of LAX, which offer a comfortable space to nurse, pump, or feed babies. Private MIAmama suites can be found in every concourse at Miami International Airport. Are there animal relief areas at LAX and Miami Airport? If you’re traveling with a pet or service animal, there are eight animal relief areas beyond the security checkpoints at LAX. Upon arrival in Miami, there are a number of indoor and outdoor facilities available for your four-legged friend. How do I get to Miami Beach from the Airport? The most affordable option from Miami Beach from Miami Airport is the Airport Express bus service (route 150), which departs from the MIA MetroRail station to South Beach. Buses depart every 20 minutes and the service runs 7 days a week. If you arrive at Fort Lauderdale, take the shuttle bus to the Tri-Rail Fort Lauderdale Airport Station at Dania Beach, which connects to destinations in Miami-Dade, Broward, and Palm Beach County. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and Miami? A passport is not required to fly from Los Angeles to Miami. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to Miami? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to Miami flight route: JetBlue, Delta, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Cape Air, Spirit Airlines, Aeromexico, Air Canada, and Vueling. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to Miami? The Boeing 737-900 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to Miami flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to Miami? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and Miami, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to Miami? There are nonstop flights from Los Angeles to Miami on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to Miami, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to Miami are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $397 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $298 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Miami? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Miami. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Miami? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Miami from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Miami? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Miami with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and MIA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Miami? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Miami from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to Miami Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $159 or less one-way and $298 or less round-trip. Passengers departing from Terminals 1, 4, and 7 at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) are welcome to get a free shoe shine at the Marvin’s Shoe Shine. All their services are complimentary as their employees only work for tips. If you’re flying out of Los Angeles with American Airlines, you’re welcome to use the American Airlines Admiral Clubs at the airport. They are located Post-security near Gate 40 on Concourse Level in Terminal 4 and near Duty-Free in Terminal 5 and offer showers. If your flight is delayed, go to LAX's Observation Deck to relax as you watch planes land and take off from the airport. The Observation Deck is conveniently located in the center of the Central Terminal Building and operates from 9 am to 5 pm. Most of the airlines operating from Los Angeles to Miami fly nonstop. However, flights with at least a single stop en route are also available. These flights have common stops in Dallas, Houston, Chicago, Detroit, and Austin. Miami International Airport (MIA) is a large airport with three levels in each terminal. You can use the moving walkways for transit between the terminals. Additionally, the airport's Skytrain offers transit within Concourse D in the North Terminal. Flights from Los Angeles to Miami depart from LAX and arrive at Miami International Airport or Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. On average, the flight time for this route is 5 hours and 26 minutes. Direct flights from Los Angeles to Miami are served by a number of airlines including JetBlue, Alaska, and American. The airfare for flights with a layover is generally cheaper. Miami International is a major U.S. airport, located 10 miles west of downtown Miami. The much smaller Fort Lauderdale Airport is 30 miles north of Miami. Although it is further away from the center, flights arriving at Fort Lauderdale Airport can be cheaper than arriving at Miami International. Los Angeles Airport has more than 60 restaurants and food outlets if you want a bite to eat before your flight. Whether you’re in the mood for champagne and caviar, a gourmet burger, or a world-famous hot dog, LAX has it covered. If you’re short on time, pick up a freshly-baked pastry, a cup of coffee, or a frozen yoghurt before you depart. As part of the Pets Unstressing Passengers (PUP) program at LAX, friendly therapy dogs can be found in the airport terminals and are always ready for a pat and a photo. Animal therapy can benefit anxious travelers and young children, and the presence of these dogs helps to create a happy, relaxed environment. These volunteer PUPs are always accompanied by their owners. Active members of the military and their families are welcome to spent time at the Bob Hope USO lounge at LAX before their flights. Located in the LAX Theme Building, the USO lounge is open 24/7 with amenities including complimentary drinks and snacks, a family zone with private rooms, showers, a movie lounge, and an outdoor patio. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to Miami? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to Miami, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to Miami Search Flights Monday Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, British Airways, +16 more Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +17 more 15 16 Tuesday Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, British Airways, +17 more Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +18 more 16 17 Wednesday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +19 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +20 more 18 19 Thursday Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, British Airways, +17 more Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +18 more 16 17 Friday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +19 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +20 more 18 19 Saturday Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, British Airways, +17 more Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +18 more 16 17 Sunday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +19 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +20 more 18 19 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Miami to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, British Airways, +16 more Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +17 more 15 16 Tuesday Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, British Airways, +16 more Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, British Airways, +17 more Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +18 more 16 17 Thursday Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, British Airways, +17 more Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +18 more 16 17 Friday Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, British Airways, +17 more Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +18 more 16 17 Saturday Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, British Airways, +17 more Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +18 more 16 17 Sunday Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, British Airways, +17 more Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +18 more 16 17 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to Miami See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to Miami. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Miami? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 85boarding 82comfort 79food 78entertainment 85overall 88crew Airline reviews Pros: "The seat was nice." Cons: "Offered water or Orange juice in a can due to a short flight. I may recommend no canned orange juice, due to the quality ingredients and something more freshly squeezed for health benefits. And offers coffee or tea."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "The seat was nice." Cons: "Offered water or Orange juice in a can due to a short flight. I may recommend no canned orange juice, due to the quality ingredients and something more freshly squeezed for health benefits. And offers coffee or tea." Pros: "Good crew, did a good job making us feel good for a delayed late night flight." Cons: "For some reason air was never turned on. Air only seemed to flow once we were moving but sitting at the gate and once back on the ground taxing it got very hot again." Cons: "No seat-back entertainment on a long flight is not ok. If there was warning about that during the booking process, it was too subtle and I missed it. It was an unpleasant surprise. Also, the seats are just so stiff and uncomfortable. If this was a 3-hour flight, fine. But nearly 6 hours, no." Pros: "Comfortable seats and smooth red-eye transcontinental flight." Cons: "If there weren't a 15-minute delay due to maintenance." Pros: "Even though I was in Group C, I was one of the first to board (Groups A, B, and C were called to board all at once). Since the gate agent said the flight was full and there would be limited space for carry-on bags, being one of the first on the plane was nice. The leg room (I'm 6'2") was good." Cons: "The crew only did one pass through the cabin with soft drinks. Perhaps because it was a red-eye? Anyway, on a nearly 5 hour flight, I would have liked more than one small cup of refreshment." Pros: "The two member of the crew were very welcoming and kept a very good sense of professionalism along with adjustments to every passenger. I can consider myself a frequent flyer and it’s relieving to have a crew like that." Cons: "I would appreciate a quicker and just a little bit more organized check in and maybe some different snacks that will make an airline stand out." Pros: "Crew was amazing." Cons: "Seats are probably the most uncomfortable I’ve ever sat on." Cons: "Delay on takeoff and a delay on arrival. Flight Attendants never offered headphones for purchase to watch in filght movie/TV." Pros: "Super easy boarding and friendly staff." Cons: "I am 5'11 and my legs were literally touching the seat in front of me the whole time." Pros: "The only enjoyable thing about my flight was the couple sitting next to me." Cons: "We weren’t served drinks until nearly 2 hours in. They kept making announcements saying “it’s really turbulent and not safe” but I’ve flown a lot and we barely had any turbulence the entire flight and at no point was it unsafe. When it was calm they were hanging out and taking in the back." Cons: "Two very sick people were allowed to fly and were not denied boarding during these times of Covid19. We actually had to taxi back to terminal to remove a very sick passenger. JetBlue #100 March 17, 2020 10:12 pm from Los Angeles to Fort Lauderdale." Cons: "Despite the delay of almost 3 hours (which we were informed much earlier than getting to the airport at) the plane was 40% empty so can’t complain at the end of the day" Pros: "It was my first experience & I couldn’t had enjoyed it more ! Words can’t explain" Cons: "Nothing everything was great" Cons: "Add Subtitles to the movies at list in English thanks Tzach" Pros: "The crew was very friendly and helpful." Cons: "The TV monitor was very small and the picture was pretty poor." Pros: "You can always count on JetBlue for good snacks and free WiFi." Cons: "But the snacks and free WiFi is not enough to payback the delayed departure experience. Just a week prior, my JetBlue flight was scheduled on time and then three things delayed thre flight for three hours right before we took off and now this! I was told it was due to needing to replace a crew member from another delayed flight. How can that affect so many people? The seat was also super uncomfortable and the back of the cushion was rolling forward, which made it hard to sit for that long. we also didn’t have a gate when we landed so that added on an extra 30minutes. Really disappointed." Pros: "I always shop on kayak. It's reliable because of the consistant results." Pros: "Food" Cons: "The scren was not working! This was a bit upsetting at my flight was 5 hours." Pros: "Seats were great. Personal power supply. Tons of entertainment choices, and free internet if you have Amazon prime" Pros: "The flight itself was fine. Food pricey but good enough. Seats are comfortable. WiFi is intermittent. Cabin crew basically OK." Cons: "Contradictory and incomplete texts about a 1.25 hour delay in departure time. Text should say to arrive at original time. Almost missed the flight because text did not say that. Got 2 different texts within minutes, one with incorrect info. Why did I have TSA Pre-Check status on the originating flight but not on the return flight? Not enough overhead space, and cabin crew wasn’t helpful in finding space. Flight 30 minutes late, but probably not JetBlue‘s fault." Pros: "The seats were very comfortable even though legroom was limited in the basic cabin." Cons: "Delta delayed the flight from LAX to SLC, which subsequently made me miss the connecting flight from SLC to ORD. Completely unacceptable" Pros: "Overall, flight was great." Cons: "The couple next to me were a little on the plus size. A little tight for my flight. But I was ok" Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Pros: "I was given an upgrade to a exit row seat so I could stretch out which nice since this was a connection from Sydney so I’d been flying for 14 hours already. The entertainment was excellent and the inflight messaging was wonderful. The staff was friendly and helpful. And the biscoff cookies are amazing." Cons: "The seats need a cushion." Pros: "The crew members were very friendly" Cons: "Coach seats still a little too small. Always bump the person next to me" Cons: "Some of the flight attendants were rude and not very welcoming at all." Cons: "Due to the earthquakes, the film festival I was going to was cancelled. Ten days prior to the flight I called AeroMexico to cancel and they said there would be a cancellation penalty, which was fine. When I tried to redeem my credit, they said there was also an additional "No-show fee" even though I called to cancel 10 days prior, which left a total of $70 credit after all their penalties. I called and emailed to complain but they did nothing but pass me to someone else who was equally unhelpful. I will never fly AeroMexico for any reason in the future." Pros: "Food available was good." Cons: "Very tight space- could not reach floor when person in front of me moved seat into recline position. Could not get out of seat to go to bathroom when my seat mates were sleeping. Tough to load- tight spaces." Pros: "Free earphones" Cons: "Delayed boarding Delayed flying after boarding Delayed in flight service" Crew was nice and accommodating, but someone failed to inspect the plane before the passengers got on and we ended up deplaning and changing planes when this could have been avoided. Cons: "Upgraded to premium. Only offered cookes and drinks. Screens weren’t working for 5 hour flight." Cons: "Flight attendant kept overhead spaces open for extra coach passengers." Cons: "Plane was 30 minutes late which was not idea because we were getting to our destination in the late evening. Boarding was a mess." Pros: "Nothing. Have not flown American airlines for the past 15 yrs because they always managed to have mechanical problems, delays, etc. Flew with then for the first time since, and again, mechanical problems. They kept us inside the plane for two hours. Because of that delay I missed my connection." Cons: "The hotel they put me in (Holiday Inn Airport) is like going back to the 70’s. Horrible experience overall. Needless to say, not flying American Airlines ever again." Pros: "Everything" Cons: "Everything was cancelled or delayed, missed connection are very common." Pros: "Good entertainment, seats were ok." Cons: "I paid for a seat with extra leg room and then was told at the gate that there were none of those seats left, despite the fact that I booked and paid for that seat 3 weeks ago!" Cons: "Cabin was freezing cold. Flight on time. No major issuess" Cons: "Even though we pay exorbinant prices: The poorest selection of non-meat vegetarian food." Cons: "There was no entertainment at all, and pretzels are gross" Cons: "The seats were narrow and cramped. The entertainment system only worked on the UA app. No one informed us that the app was required until we were aboard and it was too late to download and install the app. Flight attendants did not seem happy. Baggage return was delayed." Pros: "Meals were good, good service, complimentary food and drink at good intervals" Cons: "Booked a cheap flight but United wouldn't allow us to carry on our federally regulated carry on bags because we bought an economy class ticket. Made our flight expensive and will try and avoid United in our future flight plans" Pros: "Overall the flight process was fine." Cons: "Kayak is not transparent enough about highlighting which flights are low cost flights during purchasing. I thought I was purchasing a regular fare where I could bring a normal carry-on onto the flight, but this was a low cost flight and I had to check my bag. This information was not disclosed until after payment, and I believe this is dishonest on the part of Kayak. Kayak needs to be much more upfront about the details of the flights so that we passengers can select flights according to their needs. I felt deceived by the fare and would have purchased a different flight if I would have known ahead of time." Pros: "-Blue lighting and head space makes the plane feel more open. -Staff was patient considering the unfair backlash they were getting for the recent abuse of a United passenger. -Seats were well cushioned. -I arrived home to my family alive, unhurt, and safe." Cons: "-2 hour delay (especially after I arrived 2 hours early) is unacceptable. -Overhead bins too low over our seats. We can't stand up straight at our seats making it very difficulty to get in and out of our seats. -Couldn't access entertainment on my Mac laptop. -Bathroom closets are too small. Floors in the bathroom were consistently wet because the sink is too small for people to wash their hands. -Two bathrooms for the majority of the passengers on the plane is just not enough and you know it. It's pretty uncivilized. It creates a line at the back of the plane covering at least 5 rows. Then, your aisles are too narrow. So we have to rub our bodies up against each other to let people squeeze through. -I think you guys could do better than one tiny bag of pretzel mix for a 5 hour flight. -Let's get upper management flying in economy across the country and see what they would change." Cons: "They (united airlines) put my wife's luggage in the wrong flight and we are still waiting for it to arrive. It's already been 8 hrs since we landed and every time we call them, they're telling us it's scanned in a different city. Now she is without clothes and her necessities." Cons: "Didn't like the fact that you had to pay to watch movies" Pros: "There was a nice selection of entertainment" Cons: "The plane was not comfortable at all for an International flight. United should invest in bigger planes for flights over 6 hours. I could hardly sleep since the seats were so uncomfortable. Further, I was unable to get up and move around as much as I had on other international flights. There was no room on this plane to walk around and stretch. The food was mediocre. Quantas, Air China and Japan Airlines have much better meals." Pros: "The crew was very attentive. They offered refreshments when we needed." Pros: "Everything went well with United at LAX. Baggage check-in and boarding were very easy. Interesting and fun entertainment options made the flight go extremely fast. Crew was very polite and accommodating." Cons: "Leg room seems to be getting smaller and smaller in economy class; could barely move in my window seat." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Miami Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to Miami found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/9Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 15mLAX-MIA $45 Search 2/7Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 11h 42mLAX-MIA $46 Search 1/31Wed nonstopJetBlue 4h 43mLAX-MIA $89 Search 1/24Wed nonstopJetBlue 4h 47mLAX-MIA $99 Search 1/11Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 50mLAX-MIA $109 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopDelta 9h 03mLAX-MIA $139 Search 1/22Mon nonstopDelta 4h 54mLAX-MIA $149 Search 3/13Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 43mLAX-MIA $154 Search 4/21Sun 1 stopAlaska Airlines 8h 54mLAX-MIA $212 Search 3/16Sat 1 stopAlaska Airlines 17h 30mLAX-MIA $247 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDeltaAlaska Airlines Search by price$50 or less$100 or less$140 or less$150 or less$250 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Miami Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to Miami that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stop 23h 20mLAX-MIA 12/9Sat multi-stop 18h 39mMIA-LAX $153 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 19h 49mLAX-MIA 12/9Sat multi-stop 18h 39mMIA-LAX $162 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 58mLAX-MIA 12/13Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 58mMIA-LAX $175 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 41h 52mLAX-MIA 12/9Sat multi-stopSpirit Airlines 18h 39mMIA-LAX $202 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 9h 03mLAX-MIA 12/8Fri nonstopDelta 5h 59mMIA-LAX $268 Search 12/3Sun nonstopJetBlue 4h 50mLAX-MIA 12/6Wed nonstopJetBlue 5h 57mMIA-LAX $273 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 10h 28mLAX-MIA 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 5h 59mMIA-LAX $278 Search 12/4Mon nonstopJetBlue 4h 50mLAX-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopJetBlue 5h 57mMIA-LAX $298 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 50mLAX-MIA 2/1Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 00mMIA-LAX $303 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 46mLAX-MIA 12/13Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 57mMIA-LAX $310 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesDeltaJetBlueAmerican Airlines Search by price$160 or less$200 or less$270 or less$300 or less$310 or less Los Angeles - Miami Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: Miami (MIA)United States Return flight deals: Miami - Los Angeles Cabin classes: $1,220 First Class flights to Miami $1,101 Business Class flights to Miami $1,361 Prem Econ Class flights to Miami $178 Economy Class flights to Miami Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $86Flights from Los Angeles to Miami Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Miami $86Flights to Miami, Miami Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Miami flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Miami from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Miami from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.