Cheap Flights from Dallas Fort Worth to New York from $39 | (DFW - NYC) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW DFW - NYC Find cheap flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York from $39 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/8. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to New York These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to New York. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to New York. How much is the cheapest flight from Dallas to New York?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dallas to New York that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:41 pm - 10:00 pmDFW-LGA 3h 19mnonstop 10:50 pm - 2:12 amLGA-DFW 4h 22mnonstop $70Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 5:41 pm - 10:00 pmDFW-LGA 3h 19mnonstop 10:50 pm - 2:12 amLGA-DFW 4h 22mnonstop $73Frontier Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Tue, Jan 9 6:00 am - 10:26 amDFW-EWR 3h 26mnonstop 2:58 pm - 9:35 pmEWR-DFW 7h 37m1 stop $102Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Tue, Jan 9 6:00 am - 10:26 amDFW-EWR 3h 26mnonstop 2:58 pm - 9:35 pmEWR-DFW 7h 37m1 stop $103Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Tue, Jan 9 4:39 pm - 8:59 pmDFW-LGA 3h 20mnonstop 1:29 pm - 4:50 pmLGA-DFW 4h 21mnonstop $168American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Mon, Jan 29 7:32 pm - 11:53 pmDFW-EWR 3h 21mnonstop 7:20 am - 10:33 amEWR-DFW 4h 13mnonstop $168United Airlines Find Deal Sat, Feb 17 - Sun, Feb 18 6:47 pm - 11:13 pmDFW-LGA 3h 26mnonstop 6:00 am - 9:21 amLGA-DFW 4h 21mnonstop $190Delta Find Deal Sat, Feb 17 - Sun, Feb 18 7:55 am - 12:13 pmDFW-JFK 3h 18mnonstop 8:35 am - 12:00 pmJFK-DFW 4h 25mnonstop $190Delta Find Deal Fri, Feb 2 - Sun, Feb 4 4:35 pm - 9:05 pmDFW-EWR 3h 30mnonstop 1:07 pm - 3:55 pmEWR-DFW 3h 48mnonstop $218American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Apr 26 - Tue, Apr 30 6:00 am - 10:14 amDFW-EWR 3h 14mnonstop 3:20 pm - 6:30 pmEWR-DFW 4h 10mnonstop $248United Airlines Find Deal Sun, Feb 11 - Sat, Feb 17 Show more results Flights from Dallas to New York - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dallas to New York to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York cost $59 and was between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and New York LaGuardia Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $81. What is the cheapest month to fly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York is February, where tickets cost $176 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and November, where the average cost of tickets is $315 and $288 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 42 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Frontier offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $39. KAYAK users also found Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York round-trip flights on Frontier from $70 and on Spirit Airlines from $102. Which airlines fly most frequently between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and New York? American Airlines connects Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York up to 11 flights per day, followed by Delta (8 flights per day), and United Airlines (5 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and New York? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York. They are: American Airlines, Delta, Frontier, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with United Airlines at $56 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and New York per day? Each day, there are between 24 and 31 nonstop flights that take off from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and land in New York, with an average flight time of 3h 25m. The most common departure time is 12:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at New York LaGuardia Airport. Each week, there are 189 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and New York? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York take? Nonstop flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport generally make it to New York in 3h 17m. The flying distance between the two cities is 1,379 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport at 5:45 am and will be landing in New York at 10:09 am. What’s the latest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York jets off at 8:40 pm and lands at 12:56 am. Good to know Low season February High season December Cheapest flight $39 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 24% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 36% increase in price. Flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York LaGuardia Airport When to book flights from Dallas to New York Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dallas to New York based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York flights What is the best way to travel from LaGuardia Airport to downtown Long Island? The quickest way to travel between LaGuardia Airport and downtown Long Island is to take a taxi or rental car, as the drive is less than 20 minutes. However, you can also opt to use the public bus, which will take you 45 minutes or more. Does Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport have any pet relief areas? If you are traveling with a pet or service animal, make sure you let them relieve themselves before you board your flight. There are currently 4 different pet relief areas located throughout the different departure terminals of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, as well as 5 different areas located outside near the parking structures. Does Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport have any airline lounges? American Airlines, Delta, and United Airlines all have private airline lounges in Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. If you purchase your ticket with one of these companies, make sure to find out if you are eligible to receive complimentary access to these lounges before your flight takes off. Does Newark Liberty International Airport have an on-site airport hotel? The Newark Liberty International Airport Marriott is a modern 4-star choice that is located directly on the grounds of the airport and offers a free shuttle to the main terminals. The Holiday Inn is an affordable option that is just a 3-minute drive away from Newark Liberty International Airport and less than a 5-minute drive from the city center. Do I need a passport to fly between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and New York? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York? American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, Alaska Airlines, and Iberia offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and New York, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York? There are nonstop flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Dallas to New York, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Dallas to New York are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $355 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $298 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to New York from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to New York with an airline and back to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to New York from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Dallas to New York Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $142 or less one-way and $213 or less round-trip. Planning on booking flights from Dallas to New York? Make sure to take into consideration where in the city you would like to stay. While LaGuardia Airport is a convenient destination for individuals staying in northern New York or Long Island, John F. Kennedy International Airport and Newark Liberty International Airport are popular options for travelers heading to Manhattan or Brooklyn. Hoping to get a direct flight from Dallas to New York? Consider booking your ticket through Southwest Airlines, as this company services this route several times per day and allows travelers to check up to two bags for free. United Airlines also offers many direct flight options and can provide travelers with extra legroom if they choose to upgrade to Economy Plus. Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport is the largest hub for American Airlines, meaning that this company offers a diverse selection of flights from this location. If you’re hoping to have a bit of flexibility with your trip, such as with time, layovers, and price, consider booking your flight with them. Interested in doing some relaxing before your flight takes off from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport? Make sure to pay a visit to one of the two yoga studios located in Terminals D and E. These studios can be accessed by all guests for free, and they offer complimentary amenities, such as mats and occasional guided lessons. If you’re traveling with your family, bring the kids to the children’s play area located near Gate D34 of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. This play area contains a variety of interactive activities and games, making it a fun way for kids to burn off some steam before boarding a long flight. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Dallas/Fort Worth to New York? Find which airlines fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth to New York, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Dallas/Fort Worth to New York Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +18 more Aeromexico, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +18 more Aeromexico, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +18 more Aeromexico, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +18 more Aeromexico, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +18 more Aeromexico, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +18 more Aeromexico, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +18 more Aeromexico, Air France, +19 more 17 18 See more direct flights Nonstop returns New York to Dallas/Fort Worth Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +19 more Aeromexico, Air France, +20 more 18 19 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +19 more Aeromexico, Air France, +20 more 18 19 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +18 more Aeromexico, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +18 more Aeromexico, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +19 more Aeromexico, Air France, +20 more 18 19 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +18 more Aeromexico, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +18 more Aeromexico, Air France, +19 more 17 18 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Dallas to New York See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Dallas to New York. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dallas to New York? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 85boarding 82comfort 79food 78entertainment 85overall 88crew Airline reviews Cons: "The inflight system was hard to use. The rented iPads had to be given back almost an hour before the end of the flight."Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "The inflight system was hard to use. The rented iPads had to be given back almost an hour before the end of the flight." Pros: "Andrew and James the flight attendants were fantastic. The flight crew was great. Very smooth flight." Pros: "Everything was superb! The airline I prefer did a great job! The seats, the food selections, the staff - everything!" Cons: "Nothing. Everything was just perfect!" Pros: "The plane was clean and the ticket was cheap." Cons: "Boarding process was needlessly complicated — just assign everybody a seat beforehand. Gate agents were rude. Seats are very uncomfortable and it’s difficult to sleep on red eyes. It should be prohibited to fly 737s cross-country." Pros: "The crew was very happy and welcoming." Cons: "We were late and I missed my flight. I was told Flt 452 from LAX to JFK is notoriously late. Also, there could have been more updates about our delayed arrival." Pros: "I just really like the customer experience with Alaska. I dislike flying, but Alaska makes things as painless as possible." Cons: "I don't think anything could've been better, it's not possible to be comfortable in coach, but we all already know that." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Should have let me cancel, or gave me credit for another flight, my schedule changers and I asked 2 months in advance, they could care less" Pros: "Crew very helpful especially considering I had a child with me. Boarding process was very easy. Departure process was very easy." Cons: "Food and seating could have been better considering the price for first class." Pros: "Fast boarding, nice crew, good flight!" Cons: "I know it was a late night flight but I expected more than just a little cookie and 1 drink for 5 hours and a half. The seats were fine but could be more comfortable." Pros: "Crew is always lovely on these flights. attentive and courteous." Cons: "I got bumped to first class. Which sounds amazing, until you realize it’s the worst first class you’ve ever experienced." Cons: "WiFi didn’t work well, tv had to be reset" Pros: "Complimentary snacks and drinks." Cons: "Broken seat back, broken tray table, audio input didn't work." Pros: "Crew was nice, and pilot was helpful and got us there early." Cons: "My screen for movies didn’t work, and the level of comfort was... almost none. I would’ve upgraded to more room, but for $55? When I’m already checking a bag for $30? On top of flight price? Too high, expected JetBlue to not jam pack all the seats like the exit aisle.... for long flights, not again." Pros: "This time within the last couple months the trip a lot better." Cons: "Newer plane with less issues. Wasn’t comfortable at all and should be cleaner." Cons: "Boarding took a long time. We were waiting in the tunnel for longer than usual." Pros: "JetBlue's free Wi-Fi and comfortable seats really make JetBlue a domestic airliner unlike any other." Pros: "Comfort and food" Cons: "The delays before entering the airplane so that we aren’t stuck" Pros: "Service" Cons: "Seat cushions need to be replaced! Plane seats were not cleaned either" Pros: "4 hours late. Many people missed connections. We were up over 24 hrs by the time we got home. Had to check out of hotel & sit at airport for 8 hrs. Rough trip home after great vacation. Head of flight crew was very rude, likely because she was so tired. Rest of crew was fine, though I'm sure equally tired. Plane very comfortable though." the entertainment for the flight from DAL-LGA was not available. It was delayed and I missed my connection to BHX Pros: "Seating is better than most other airlines. In seat entertainment option, bring headphones. Accommodating crew. Beverage and snacks provided at no cost." Pros: "The crew was very friendly and it was a day fast flight." Cons: "No back of seat entertainment." Pros: "The crew was very kind." Cons: "Th plain boarding took much longer, we flew in circles above JFK, waited for a gate for us, then waited for all passengers with connecting flights to get off because we were late and that resulted in a VERY long process for the rest of us. The descent into the airport was also not the smoothest, but it was a smaller plane." Cons: "Flight delayed 3 hours, then a seats were very cramped and uncomfortable" Pros: "When my initial flight was delayed significantly, the gate agents went above and beyond to help me get on an earlier flight so I didn't get home too late." Pros: "There was an incredibly large passenger next to me and I was essentially afforded only a quarter of my seat. It is not really fair for anyone to have to sit next to someone taking up twice their seat." Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Cons: "the flight was delayed and so I missed my train home" Cons: "Keep the business and star alliance gold boarding lanes open and exclusive for the respective customers for use at any time whenever they show up at the gate. Otherwise it is a chaos to board along with economy. Also, everything was broken in my business seat" Pros: "The seats were comfortable and more variety when it comes to entertainment. And better head phones!!!" Pros: "The food wasn’t bad, but Avianca used to give out more refreshments multiple times during the flight . Now they just give out water." Cons: "More comfortable seat. Leg room was very limited compared to other airlines." Cons: "The remote control in one of our seats didn't work" Cons: "There was no communication by Avianca staff & crew regarding the flight delay. I had a 10:49pm flight from BOG to JFK. Apparently the flight was delayed until 2:00am. I did not get an email or text alert relating to the delay. When I checked in at 9:00pm, the counter agent did not alert me to the change in departure time. It wasn't until I looked at the Departure board in the Avianca lounge did I know of the 3+ hr. delay. When we finally boarded, at least the captain was kind enough to explain the reason for the delay - Avianca needed to change aircrafts, then the originally slated captain called in sick and his replacement had to wait out the required time off as he had just completed a long haul flight from Canada to Colombia. Great job running a company Avianca..." Pros: "The crew was very friendly and the selection of entertainment was great." Cons: "This plane was not made for tall people. It felt very cramped and I felt like I had no room." Cons: "Gate was changed 3 times. Fight was delayed 30 mins. No entertainment." Cons: "Avianca decided to strand a bunch of passengers at 2am and the reason was that the pilot was "sick." When we asked to be switched to a different flight so we would not have to wait until 2pm the next day, they eventually booked us on an early flight. We stayed in the airport overnight in anticipation of this flight. The next morning they informed us 10 minutes before boarding that they delayed that flight so we could no longer make our connection. We had to spend 15 hours total in Bogota airport before being able to go home. Avianca used to never be this inconsistent with flights. They should not be allowed to do whatever they wish to passengers flights and offer minimal compensation when they inconvenience customers." Pros: "Last minute cancellation without any reasonable information, no respect for passengers." Cons: "They flight wasnt operated by avianca. The planes the service the food horrible." Pros: "Check in was easy and quick" Cons: "Plane could have been cleaner. Price is ok, but not as good as it seems once you add luggage." Pros: "Crew was great!" Cons: "I didn’t realize I had to pay for a carry on" Pros: "It didn’t smell bad" Cons: "It was way too cold and my seat was broken so it didn’t recline" Cons: "Hidden cost. Late flight. Had to take bus to the plane" Pros: "Boarding was a breeze. The staff was friendly and fast. The seats were comfortable (although, I am 5’2”)." Cons: "I can’t complain this time around!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I was not informed about the delay, no on board entertainment, missed work due to delay and landed 2 hours late!" Cons: "Many things. Did not tell me that even carry on was a 25.00 charge. After check in, counter woman at Sun County sent me to a security station on a far side of airport that was closed. Plane delayed. Plane bathroom issues" Pros: "Nice Staff" Cons: "They charge for everything the planes are a bit outdated, boarding is backwards they load middle bank then front very weird." Cons: "Plane was 1.5 - 2 hours late and passengers were offered no explanation and there were no apologies from the crew. Even if it was unavoidable (weather, etc.), SOMETHING should be said to passengers. Very poor customer service." Pros: "The crew was friendly and boarding was quick, seats were comfortable and plane was clean" Cons: "No snacks included, bags of pop chips was $3. No entertainment on the plane (I ended up just sleeping anyway). They didn't have space for everyone's carry on and asked for volunteers to check their bags but didn't enforce any rules for people who had 3+ carry on items" Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 Book cheap flights from Dallas to New York Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Dallas to New York found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/8Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 19mDFW-LGA $39 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopFrontier 27h 00mDFW-LGA $45 Search 2/14Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 5h 31mDFW-EWR $54 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopSpirit Airlines 14h 59mDFW-EWR $55 Search 2/29Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 13mDFW-LGA $84 Search 1/7Sun nonstopDelta 3h 32mDFW-JFK $95 Search 3/2Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 59mDFW-EWR $107 Search 4/30Tue nonstopDelta 3h 40mDFW-JFK $109 Search 12/13Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 19mDFW-EWR $191 Search 12/20Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 25mDFW-EWR $198 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$50 or less$60 or less$100 or less$110 or less$200 or less Last minute flights from Dallas to New York Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Dallas to New York that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 17mDFW-LGA 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 12mLGA-DFW $121 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 17mDFW-LGA 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 12mLGA-DFW $125 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 19mDFW-LGA 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 4h 13mLGA-DFW $192 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 19mDFW-LGA 12/14Thu nonstopFrontier 4h 13mLGA-DFW $193 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 3h 25mDFW-JFK 12/14Thu nonstopDelta 4h 31mJFK-DFW $383 Search 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 3h 25mDFW-JFK 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 4h 29mJFK-DFW $393 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 29mDFW-JFK 1/5Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 24mJFK-DFW $423 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 30mDFW-JFK 12/15Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 24mJFK-DFW $426 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopJetBlue 17h 50mDFW-JFK 12/7Thu multi-stopJetBlue 19h 58mJFK-DFW $430 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopJetBlue 25h 02mDFW-JFK 12/7Thu multi-stopJetBlue 27h 34mJFK-DFW $470 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAmerican AirlinesJetBlue Search by price$130 or less$190 or less$390 or less$430 or less$470 or less Dallas/Fort Worth Airport - New York Flights Departure: Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW)United States Return flight deals: New York - Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Cabin classes: $722 First Class flights to New York $731 Business Class flights to New York $357 Prem Econ Class flights to New York $81 Economy Class flights to New York Browse origins: Flights » United States » Texas » Dallas » Dallas/Fort Worth Airport $91Flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to New York Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » New York State » New York $677Flights to New Windsor, New York $190Flights to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, New York $91Flights to New York LaGuardia Airport, New York $110Flights to Newark Airport, New York Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Houston Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Burbank Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search New York flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to New York from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to New York from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.