Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to Orlando Airport from C$ 96 | (YYZ - MCO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYZ - MCO Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport from C$ 96 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Orlando. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Orlando. How much is the cheapest flight from Pearson Intl to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pearson Intl to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:20 p.m. - 3:31 p.m.YYZ-MCO 3h 11mdirect 3:45 p.m. - 6:53 p.m.MCO-YYZ 3h 08mdirect C$ 125Lynx Air Find Deal Wed, 13 Dec - Mon, 18 Dec 7:45 a.m. - 10:56 a.m.YYZ-MCO 3h 11mdirect 3:45 p.m. - 6:53 p.m.MCO-YYZ 3h 08mdirect C$ 129Lynx Air Find Deal Mon, 11 Dec - Mon, 18 Dec 2:45 p.m. - 8:59 p.m.YYZ-MCO 6h 14m1 stop 4:00 p.m. - 10:56 p.m.MCO-YYZ 6h 56m1 stop C$ 160Porter Airlines Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 2:45 p.m. - 8:59 p.m.YYZ-MCO 6h 14m1 stop 8:00 a.m. - 10:48 a.m.MCO-YYZ 2h 48mdirect C$ 161Porter Airlines Find Deal Thu, 14 Dec - Thu, 21 Dec 6:15 a.m. - 9:12 a.m.YYZ-MCO 2h 57mdirect 6:25 a.m. - 9:16 a.m.MCO-YYZ 2h 51mdirect C$ 173Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 19 Dec - Tue, 26 Dec 7:00 a.m. - 12:58 p.m.YYZ-MCO 5h 58m1 stop 6:25 a.m. - 9:16 a.m.MCO-YYZ 2h 51mdirect C$ 186Air Canada Find Deal Sun, 17 Dec - Tue, 26 Dec 8:00 p.m. - 10:59 p.m.YYZ-MCO 2h 59mdirect 7:00 a.m. - 9:56 a.m.MCO-YYZ 2h 56mdirect C$ 217WestJet Find Deal Sat, 27 Jan - Sat, 3 Feb 7:50 a.m. - 1:05 p.m.YYZ-MCO 5h 15m1 stop 11:05 a.m. - 5:04 p.m.MCO-YYZ 5h 59m1 stop C$ 222Delta Find Deal Mon, 18 Dec - Sun, 24 Dec 12:34 p.m. - 11:07 p.m.YYZ-MCO 10h 33m1 stop 8:00 a.m. - 5:35 p.m.MCO-YYZ 9h 35m1 stop C$ 223Delta Find Deal Thu, 8 Feb - Sat, 17 Feb 8:00 p.m. - 10:59 p.m.YYZ-MCO 2h 59mdirect 9:45 p.m. - 7:22 a.m.MCO-YYZ 9h 37m1 stop C$ 235WestJet Find Deal Sun, 11 Feb - Mon, 19 Feb Show more results Flights from Pearson Intl to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pearson Intl to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Orlando Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Orlando Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Orlando Airport is January, where tickets cost C$ 305 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and August, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 493 and C$ 487 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Orlando Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Orlando Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Orlando Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 84 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Orlando Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport were found on Lynx Air (C$ 96) and Porter Airlines (C$ 134), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Lynx Air (C$ 170) and Porter Airlines (C$ 217). Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Orlando Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Orlando Airport. There are 6 airlines that fly direct from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Orlando Airport. They are: Air Canada, Canada Jetlines, Lynx Air, Porter Airlines, Sunwing Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Lynx Air at C$ 166. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Porter Airlines. How many flights are there between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Orlando Airport per day? Each day, there are between 5 and 8 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and land in Orlando Airport, with an average flight time of 2h 59m. The most common departure time is 6:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 48 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Orlando Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport take? Direct flights take on average 2h 52m to travel the 2,738 km between Toronto Pearson Airport and Orlando Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 6:15 am and will be landing in Orlando Airport at 9:12 am. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Orlando Airport jets off at 8:15 pm and lands at 11:26 pm. Good to know Low season June High season March Cheapest flight C$ 96 Best time to beat the crowds (17% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (14% more expensive on average) Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport When to book flights from Pearson Intl to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pearson Intl to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport flights Which cities can I connect to once I am at Orlando Airport? Orlando Airport is in Orlando City, and you can easily connect to several cities from this airport. These cities include Kissimmee, Azalea Park, Geneva, Sorrento, Minneola, Orange City, Saint Cloud, Groveland, and Ashton. All these cities are located within a 48 km radius of the airport, making them easily accessible by car or public transportation. Is it possible to leave a car at Toronto Pearson International Airport? There are several parking facilities available to passengers at Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ). The airport has various parking facilities and lots with plenty of places. Short-term and long-term parking are available, and some lots even provide discounts for longer stays. What are some of the facilities available for people with disabilities at Orlando Airport? The airport has several facilities for impaired people. For example, an automated roll-on/roll-off train transports passengers between the terminal's gates. There are elevators for getting between floors and moving walkways for getting through the terminal and out to the parking lots. The airport also provides wheelchairs for those who need them. What can I enjoy at Orlando Airport after landing at Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport? You can spend some time at the Universal and Disney Studios stores. Live performances, such as face painting and juggling, are occasionally offered in the airport's main terminal. There's an aquarium in the food court, and Clients may enjoy their food as they watch the fish swim around the aquarium. There are other art collections dotted around the airport that can be viewed at your leisure. What options are there for traveling to Toronto Pearson International Airport from the city center? Driving is an easy way to go from the city center to Toronto Pearson International Airport, and the trip generally takes between 20-25min if there isn’t any additional traffic. You can also choose to use public transport instead, such as local bus line 7, which will bring you to the airport in around 25-30min. Does Toronto Pearson International Airport have any services or perks for families? If you’ll be traveling with children, there are a few different amenities available for you at Toronto Pearson International Airport. For example, there is a play area in Terminal 1, which is great for letting your little ones burn off some steam before boarding your flight. Nursing stations can also be found in Terminals 1 and 3. Are there any on-site hotels at Orlando International Airport? The Hyatt Regency Orlando International Airport hotel can be found directly inside the airport’s main terminal, on Level 4. There are also a few hotels that are close to the airport, such as the Ramada Suites Orlando Airport and the Hampton Inn & Suites Orlando Airport at Gateway Village. Both are a 5min walk away. What amenities does Toronto Pearson International Airport offer for passengers with disabilities? Toronto Pearson International Airport is accessible for travelers with disabilities and limited mobility. Wheelchairs are available free of charge, and elevators can be used to go to each floor. If you or someone in your group will need additional assistance with navigating the airport, you can call your airline ahead of time to have an employee help. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport? Air Canada, Delta, JetBlue, and American Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Toronto Pearson Airport and Orlando Airport, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport? There are direct flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to Orlando, Delta or Canada Jetlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to Orlando are Delta and Canada Jetlines. With an average price for the route of C$ 409 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Canada Jetlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 335 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando Airport with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Orlando Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 160 or less one-way and C$ 232 or less round-trip. Travellers using Orlando Airport (MCO) should be aware that the airport allows pets and has about seven pet relief areas indoors and outdoors, post-security. However, the pets must be in a carrier and cannot move around the airport premises except at security. In case you get sick at Orlando Airport after your flight from Toronto, you will get the necessary help. The airport medical center is well-equipped with medical care and offers travellers and workers accessible walk-in emergency rooms and professional health services. Known for being one of the largest airports in Canada, Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) is also the region’s main airport. It’s a major hub for several airlines, including WestJet and Air Canada, so you will find that it’s common for these companies to service flights from Toronto to Orlando. It’s possible to book a nonstop flight between these two cities, and companies that frequently service these trips include Delta Air Lines and WestJet. Journeys that require layovers are also an option, and some airlines that offer these are Air Canada, American, and United Airlines. If you find that you’ve arrived at the airport well in advance of your boarding time, consider relaxing at one of the many lounges located in Toronto Pearson International Airport. The Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge can be found in Terminal 1, while the American Airlines Admirals Club is in Terminal 3. There is also a Plaza Premium Lounge that is placed in each terminal, and passengers from every airline have the right to purchase an entry ticket. Travelers that like to stay fit may be interested in a quick workout at Toronto Pearson International Airport before it’s time to board their flight. Goodlife Fitness has a state-of-the-art gym that is in Terminal 1. If you don’t have workout equipment on hand, you can rent a clothing and shoe bundle, and there are also showers that come with toiletry packs. There are a few different ways to travel to the city center once you have landed at Orlando International Airport (MCO). If you choose to drive, either with a local taxi or a rental car, the trip will normally take between 20-30min. Public transport is also an option, and the SunRail bus can bring you to Downtown Orlando in around 35min. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Pearson Intl to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from Pearson Intl to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Pearson Intl to Orlando Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Canada Jetlines, +5 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Delta, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Delta, +5 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +6 more 4 5 Thursday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 Friday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +7 more Air Canada,Air France, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +7 more Air Canada,Air France, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +6 more Air Canada,Air France, +7 more 5 6 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +7 more Air Canada,Air France, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +6 more Air Canada,Air France, +7 more 5 6 Thursday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 Friday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +7 more Air Canada,Air France, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Delta, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.8 Canada JetlinesOverall score based on 394 reviews 82overall 71food 83crew 73entertainment 81boarding 80comfort Airline reviews I loved the crew's professionalism. The landing was unbelievably smooth, haven't experienced that in years I loved the crew's professionalism. The landing was unbelievably smooth, haven't experienced that in years Their system was slow so it took them well over 4 hours to complete checkin but they kept assuring us that the flight won’t leave without all the passengers as it’s their fault but at the end of 4th hour then tell us that the immigration will close for the night and the last few of us are left stranded behind. The customer service itnay open at night. The airlines does have its own crew at Toronto airport so no one to help us. Cons: "Can’t be that I’ll pay a full price for the flight and get a seat that will not decline back. Especially if I’m longer than 6 ft. It was a horrible flight with a crew that didn’t want to do anything to help except from saying “it is what it is”" Pros: "We got upgraded to business class due to getting bumped from flight." Cons: "We got bumped from our flight and split up so my wife and child had to go to Rosario on their own, and my other son and I had to take a separate flight via Buenos Aires, causing our prearranged driver to wait for many hours and significant delay and stress. Our short time in Rosario was cut shorter" Pros: "I like the 2 2 seating" Cons: "Having to go to other counter to pay bag fees after check in is annoying. I get that with some fares you have to pay, but so much more efficient to swipe credit card at check in." Pros: "On time, clean, comfortable seats, free beverages, luggage arrived very quickly. An excellent flight." Pros: "The aircraft was very clean, well maintained. We were 20 min late in departing because the crew waited for a passenger with disabilities to make it to the plane. That was kind. Some of the lost time was made up and this flight had no connections out of the arrival airport that day, so not a major inconvenience. Short flight, so just drink service, no entertainment. Baggage arrived promptly. All good." Pros: "When my original flight schedule was interupted by one of the flights delay I was offered a very good alternative in a very kind manner." Cons: "The newly rescheduled flight had 2 and half hour delay" Pros: "The boarding process was fast. I appreciate being able to access SkyPriority boarding." Cons: "I wish my Delta SkyMiles status earned an upgrade to Business/First Class on this SkyMiles partner." Pros: "The crew inside the plane was ok" Cons: "The boarding was delayed and they didn't display the delay on the screens. When I asked the reason, 40 minutes after the displayed boarding time, they told me there was no delayed at all." Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Pros: "The flight attendants were amazing. 12 people had a connecting flight and they brought a shuttle bus. You dont see that kind of service any more 10 stars for that" Cons: "Super small plane." Pros: "The overall experience on the flight was quite pleasing. The flight crew created a warm atmosphere on what was a very cold morning. Seating was not the most comfortable but the wasn't unbearable." Cons: "Delta should have a better food menu for those early flights unless the motive is to encourage everyone to eat an organic and wholesome meal prior to boarding, something we all should be doing." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Flight left 2 hours late. Did not get adequate cabin service. Put in the back in an awful seat." Pros: "Airline and airport staff were great" Cons: "There was no time to eat. Nothing other than snacks. The time allotted was *barely* sufficient to get from gate to gate. We were starving when we got to our destination." Cons: "We had to wait at the customs for nearly 1.5hrs, then pick up our luggage, then check in again!!! We were running and got on the plane 10 mins before the departure. Super stressful!!" Pros: "The people was relaxed and the flight attendant was polite and professional.. everything was on time" Cons: "Nothing at all great service" Pros: "I think they flew so fast. We could land almost on time even though we departed a hour late. Airplane was new and clean." Cons: "Boarding was chaos. They overbooked 25? 45? Anyway, they are in panic. They tried to request ppl to take next day flight by giving away 300 gift card etc. the ppl who were told there are no seats upset and arguing at the gate. Flight was delayed for one hour. Once we are on airplane, they are still shuffling seats around, so ppl cannot move forward. Just standing there for 10mins waiting for things to settle. Flight attendants did not give us a headphone. (I have a headphone for iPhone X so I could not connect it to their entertaiment system.)" No real issues just wasnt able to hear / understand any announcements flight attendant was making but everything else was really good- ended up checking my carry on case for free which made deboarding quicker. I would fly West Jet for all my flights. Cons: "Everything was great. Westjet is so much better than Air Canada!" Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good." Pros: "Excellent pre Boarding service and announcements; reasonably comfortable seats; great landing;" Cons: "There are never gluten free options in the snacks; there were no entertainment systems on the plane - that's not important to me but perhaps it is to others." Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable because of the head rest that is attached to the seat. However the staff and crew were friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better seats" Pros: "Newest 787 plane in the fleet. Really comfortable seats and terrific in-flight entertainment" Cons: "One of the crew members seemed really bother by everything. She was not smiling or even looking at customers when handing drinks over." Pros: "Nice plane, comfortable" Cons: "We missed our runway and had to quickly ascend and retry. Disembarking the plane took 40 minutes due to the YYC skywalk being frozen. During this all communication with the passengers was minimal." Pros: "Simply took 4 mins and I was away !" Cons: "Everyone was great that I dealt with West Jet is great !" Pros: "Seats had room. Entertainment options were quite good." Cons: "WestJet has lost its Chutzpah. No longer knows it’s identity. Food choices were terrible for a 5.5 hour flight, and the couple of okay choices they were out of very quickly. Crew was friendly enough but no sparkle." I had checked in online the day before but was instructed to collect our boarding passes when we arrived. I am not completely comfortable using the automated Kiosks and always enjoy the nostalgia of speaking with someone when checking in for a flight. Upon doing so however, we were immediately asked,"did you check in online already?" To which I replied, "yes, but we were asked to retrieve our boarding passes upon arrival." She then said, "that's what those machines over there are for. We really encourage people to use those." That unfortunately sparked a series of shortness and overall poor behavior in my opinion from the woman who checked us in. I understand it was early in the morning but I am always excited to experience flying and that interaction has unfortunately left a bitter taste in my mouth to the point I will forever now hesitate to book with Porter again. Thank you for taking the time to read this. Cheers, JD Everything was fantastic, by far the best airline experience in Canada 🇨🇦! Porter uses the intelligent and logical way of boarding a plane - from the back. Unlike our porter connection this was great , smooth 2minutes at check in not 90 mins Food wasn’t great but it’s plane food , staff were great Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "There is a Covid-19 outbreak and this airline refused to change my flight. They are a disgrace." Pros: "Convenient! Love flying to Toronto on Porter. Nice glassware for drinks. Unique feel. Will definitely fly again!" Cons: "Canceling flights with no notice and rescheduling made me lose a day" Pros: "The crew is lovely" Cons: "Porters flights out of Toronto have been significantly delayed every time I’ve flown" Pros: "Very friendly crew, we were a bit delayed but they dealt with us as quickly and politely as possible." Cons: "A better idea of what was happening when the plane had to be delayed-we all lined up, then they got notice that we couldn't leave yet." Pros: "Flight attendants are among the most professional and refined I’ve come across traveling anywhere in North America. It’s a pleasure flying with them." Pros: "I did not take the flight, I stopped in Miami instead." Cons: "Don’t know because I did not take this flight." Pros: "The crew was amazing, and the duration of flight time was reasonable" Cons: "Comfort of the seat, space between seats" Pros: "Arrived 5 minutes early which was great on a very late night." Pros: "The crew was super nice and I saw them be super accommodating to other passengers which made me feel good about using their airline." Cons: "They should offer headphones" Pros: "On time." Cons: "They had to take my bag and because no one would volunteer... sigh." Cons: "We arrived in Amsterdam at 9am, after traveling two hours to get there. We found out right away that there was a delay and chances of missing the connecting flight from Philadelphia to Orlando were great. We requested a different booking to insure travel to Orlando, which was denied. So the connecting flight was missed and after hours arrived in Orlando at midnight. Missed my ride and all car rentals were booked. All this caused a lot of anxiety and unnecessary stress. Very disappointing. And to add to it, the flight itself was horrible and there was no entertainment available for the entire flight." Pros: "We missed this flight." Cons: "Background info: we flew from Dublin to Toronto (Aer Lingus) and we were supposed to fly Toronto to Los Angeles on American Airlines; however, we had a British Airways flight number for both of these flights. We missed our connecting flight in Toronto with American Airlines (we had a 2 hour layover) despite landing on-time (de-boarded a few minutes late). I suggest avoiding the Toronto airport ALWAYS as every passenger must pick up his/her luggage even if you have a connecting flight, and then re-check the baggage with the next flight. Apparently the baggage handlers were on strike and some of the customs agents as well which added to the delays. Well, after going through Canadian customs and picking up our luggage (which took quite awhile) we arrived at the American Airlines ticketing kiosk about 45 minutes before our flight. The computer told us we were too late for this flight and to see a representative. We proceeded to wait in line for an American Airlines representative only to be told this was Aer Lingus' fault (we had just flown with them); even though we had a BA flight number.. After searching for an Aer Lingus representative we were finally told they were probably all on the Aer Lingus flight that was currently about to leave. An Aer Lingus representative was paged to the ticketing counter (took well over 30 minutes for anyone to show up) and what proceeded was an argument (for well over an hour) between British Airways and Aer Lingus representatives about whose responsibility it was to re-book us. After an hour at least of poor customer service, we were finally rebooked by British Airways on the last flight to LAX (on Air Canada). Moral of the story: avoid Toronto and fly direct." Cons: "Staff seemed tired with some minor conflicts between them at Toronto gate" Cons: "Connecting to LAX through Toronto was frustrating. We were told in Dublin that our bags were checked all the way through to LA and they weren't. (Been through Toronto before and thought maybe they had changed the procedure) Airport signage could be improved to accurately inform of baggage pickup and drop off with your connecting air carrier. (Our traveling companions ended up missing the flight home in the confusion.) The airport is going through renovations, maybe it will improve. The flight to LA wasn't stocked properly with food. They ran out of sandwiches/fruit and cheese plates by the first few rows in the main cabin. No earbuds available for those who needed them. Cramped seating. This flight was with BA partner American Airlines" Cons: "The flight was delayed more times than I can count, we got a different reason each time. Weather I can understand, but telling us we are waiting on a specific crew to arrive and then announcing that crew is not for our flight was just terrible communication. No one seemed apologetic. The only thing they did was bring a snack cart over for us, and that got raided by children so many people didn't get anything. We had arranged transport from Orlando to Tampa for that evening, and our rides had to cancel because instead of 7pm we were now arriving at 130am. Your airline's mistakes put everyone at an inconvenience and we weren't offered assistance to fix it. My husband went to ask for help in arranging new transport home, but he couldn't even get to the front of the line. The customer service was terrible. We really enjoyed our first leg of the flight home with American Airlines, but after the second leg and all of the problems we had... we will not fly with American Airlines in the future." Canada Jetlines7.8 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/12Tue directLynx Air 3h 11mYYZ-MCO C$ 71 Search 13/12Wed directLynx Air 3h 11mYYZ-MCO C$ 73 Search 4/3Mon directCanada Jetlines 3h 03mYYZ-MCO C$ 105 Search 12/1Fri directCanada Jetlines 3h 03mYYZ-MCO C$ 107 Search 20/2Tue directAir Canada 3h 01mYYZ-MCO C$ 113 Search 11/12Mon 1 stopAir Canada 6h 08mYYZ-MCO C$ 123 Search 5/1Fri directWestJet 3h 04mYYZ-MCO C$ 128 Search 20/12Wed directSunwing Airlines 3h 00mYYZ-MCO C$ 177 Search 20/12Wed directSunwing Airlines 3h 00mYYZ-MCO C$ 193 Search 2/3Sat directWestJet 2h 56mYYZ-MCO C$ 210 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirCanada JetlinesAir CanadaWestJetSunwing Airlines Search by priceC$ 70 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 180 or lessC$ 210 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon direct 3h 11mYYZ-MCO 18/12Mon multi-stop 21h 37mMCO-YYZ C$ 162 Search 2/12Sat direct 3h 11mYYZ-MCO 9/12Sat multi-stop 6h 56mMCO-YYZ C$ 165 Search 4/12Mon directCanada Jetlines 3h 03mYYZ-MCO 18/12Mon directCanada Jetlines 2h 40mMCO-YYZ C$ 174 Search 5/12Tue direct 3h 11mYYZ-MCO 12/12Tue multi-stop 30h 15mMCO-YYZ C$ 177 Search 5/12Tue direct 3h 11mYYZ-MCO 19/12Tue multi-stop 25h 29mMCO-YYZ C$ 178 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopPorter Airlines 6h 14mYYZ-MCO 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 6h 56mMCO-YYZ C$ 223 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopPorter Airlines 6h 14mYYZ-MCO 8/12Fri multi-stopPorter Airlines 6h 56mMCO-YYZ C$ 229 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAir Canada 12h 23mYYZ-MCO 19/12Tue directAir Canada 2h 51mMCO-YYZ C$ 256 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 11h 48mYYZ-MCO 11/12Mon directAir Canada 2h 51mMCO-YYZ C$ 257 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopWestJet 20h 58mYYZ-MCO 10/12Sun multi-stopWestJet 10h 49mMCO-YYZ C$ 1,350 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineCanada JetlinesPorter AirlinesAir CanadaWestJet Search by priceC$ 170 or lessC$ 180 or lessC$ 220 or lessC$ 260 or lessC$ 1,350 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - Orlando Airport Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Destination: Orlando Airport (MCO)United States Return flight deals: Orlando Airport - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Orlando C$ 1,994 Business Class flights to Orlando C$ 660 Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando C$ 186 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 166Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Orlando Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando » Orlando Airport C$ 166Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Orlando Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.