Cheap Flights from Minneapolis to Seattle from $62 | (MSP - SEA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MSP - SEA Find cheap flights from Minneapolis to Seattle from $62 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel sáb. 12/30 sáb. 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Seattle These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to Seattle. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to Seattle. How much is the cheapest flight from Minneapolis to Seattle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Minneapolis to Seattle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:40 pm - 8:52 amMSP-SEA 12h 12m1 stop 9:42 am - 9:39 pmSEA-MSP 9h 57m1 stop $106Spirit Airlines Find Deal mar., ene. 23 - mié., feb. 7 10:40 pm - 8:52 amMSP-SEA 12h 12m1 stop 9:42 am - 9:39 pmSEA-MSP 9h 57m1 stop $109Spirit Airlines Find Deal mié., ene. 10 - mar., ene. 16 6:00 pm - 3:59 pmMSP-SEA 23h 59m1 stop 8:25 pm - 11:29 amSEA-MSP 13h 04m1 stop $118Frontier Find Deal mar., ene. 23 - vie., ene. 26 6:00 pm - 5:05 pmMSP-SEA 25h 05m1 stop 5:56 pm - 11:40 pmSEA-MSP 27h 44m1 stop $128Frontier Find Deal jue., ene. 25 - lun., ene. 29 7:15 am - 9:23 amMSP-SEA 4h 08mnonstop 11:59 pm - 5:12 amSEA-MSP 3h 13mnonstop $165Sun Country Air Find Deal dom., dic. 24 - dom., dic. 31 8:50 pm - 10:51 pmMSP-SEA 4h 01mnonstop 2:45 pm - 8:03 pmSEA-MSP 3h 18mnonstop $170Sun Country Air Find Deal dom., dic. 24 - mar., dic. 26 8:50 am - 10:54 amMSP-SEA 4h 04mnonstop 9:15 am - 2:43 pmSEA-MSP 3h 28mnonstop $198Delta Find Deal mié., ene. 10 - mar., ene. 16 6:55 pm - 11:12 pmMSP-SEA 6h 17m1 stop 3:20 pm - 8:42 pmSEA-MSP 3h 22mnonstop $208Delta Find Deal mié., ene. 10 - mar., ene. 16 2:03 pm - 4:15 pmMSP-SEA 4h 12mnonstop 6:10 pm - 11:32 pmSEA-MSP 3h 22mnonstop $218Alaska Airlines Find Deal mié., ene. 10 - lun., feb. 5 2:33 pm - 4:32 pmMSP-SEA 3h 59mnonstop 6:35 pm - 11:51 pmSEA-MSP 3h 16mnonstop $268Alaska Airlines Find Deal jue., feb. 29 - dom., mar. 3 Show more results Flights from Minneapolis to Seattle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Minneapolis to Seattle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Minneapolis to Seattle? The average price of all flights from Minneapolis to Seattle clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Minneapolis to Seattle, you should consider leaving on a Monday and avoid Sundays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Minneapolis, you’ll find the best rates on Wednesdays and the most expensive ones on Sundays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Minneapolis to Seattle? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Minneapolis to Seattle is November, where tickets cost $263 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $418 and $388 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Minneapolis to Seattle? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Minneapolis to Seattle, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 57 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Minneapolis to Seattle? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Minneapolis to Seattle found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $106 on Spirit Airlines, followed by Frontier ($118). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $63 on Spirit Airlines and from $65 on Frontier. Which airlines fly most frequently between Minneapolis and Seattle? Delta connects Minneapolis to Seattle with up to 4 flights per day. Alaska Airlines also offers 1 flight per day, while Sun Country Air follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Minneapolis and Seattle? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Minneapolis to Seattle. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Minneapolis to Seattle. They are: Alaska Airlines, Delta and Sun Country Air. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Sun Country Air at $136 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Sun Country Air. How many flights are there between Minneapolis and Seattle per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 10 nonstop flights that take off from Minneapolis and land in Seattle, with an average flight time of 4h 05m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 48 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Minneapolis and Seattle? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Minneapolis to Seattle take? A direct flight to Seattle will take on average 3h 40m to travel the 1,395 miles flying distance from Minneapolis. What’s the earliest departure time from Minneapolis to Seattle? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Minneapolis at 5:20 am and will be landing in Seattle at 7:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from Minneapolis to Seattle? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Minneapolis to Seattle jets off at 8:55 pm and lands at 10:46 pm. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $62 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 17% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 17% increase in price. Flight from Minneapolis to Seattle When to book flights from Minneapolis to Seattle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Minneapolis to Seattle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Minneapolis to Seattle Where do I park when I arrive at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (MSP)? When you drive into either Terminal 1 or 2 of MSP, the parking structures are across from the terminal buildings. If you reserve your parking at least 12 hours prior to your departure time, you will not only save yourself a spot but you will also save money. To save the most money, park in the Quick Ride ramp and can catch a free shuttle to your terminal. How can I get from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) into the city center of Seattle? You have many public transport options from SEA into Seattle. For instance, you can take a tram that will get you directly into the International District of downtown Seattle and drop you at the Chinatown Station. Or you can also take a Line 156 bus to Andover Park West and Baker Boulevard where you will change to a Line 150 bus that will take you to the intersection of Madison Street and 4th avenue. Does Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (MSP) have a USO? MSP does not have a USO, but it has an Armed Forces Service Center situated post-security in Terminal 1 near where you enter Concourses A and B. The services of this facility are free of charge to members and family members of the US armed forces, Medal of Honor and Purple Heart recipients, Reservists, and National Guard. Members of the Department of Defense and personnel of the US Public Health Service can also use this lounge for free. Does Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (MSP) have an on-site hotel? Yes. If you want to stay close to the airport before your Minneapolis to Seattle flight, consider checking into the Intercontinental. This hotel is connected to the airport by way of a skyway to Concourse C near Gate C25. Guests can also quickly access departures and ticketing by catching a free hotel shuttle. Does SeaTac provide areas for pet relief? Yes. If your furry friend needs to go as soon as you land, you have a few options. Inside the airport, there is a pet relief area in the Central Terminal near the exit of Concourse B, near Hudson News. Outside the terminal, you can find pet relief areas outside baggage claim at either end of the terminal. There is also a pet relief area outside level one of the parking garage near the blue elevators. Does Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (MSP) have many accessibility services? Yes. MSP has accessibility adaptations to aid those with mobility challenges as well as vision and hearing challenges. They also use the Hidden Disabilities Sunflower Program in order to aid people whose challenges include autism, PTSD, Crohn's disease, and other conditions that might not be immediately obvious. Which restaurants are located in Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport? Bradstreet Craftshouse can be found in Terminal 1 of Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport and serves a variety of beers and appetizers, while French Meadow Bakery and Cafe is nearby and offers sandwiches, pastries, and coffee. Cocina del Barrio is placed in Terminal 2 and has a Spanish-inspired menu. Do any airlines have private lounges in Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport? Delta and United both have private lounges that are in the Departures terminal of Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport, and they offer discounted tickets for their customers. The Armed Forces Service Center provides many amenities as well, such as showers, snacks, and televisions, and members of the military can access it for free with their families. Which hotels offer a free shuttle to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? To stay somewhere charming and stylish, select a room at the Cedarbrook Lodge, a 4-star hotel that has a shuttle service to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport and is a 20m drive from the city’s downtown. For an affordable hotel, stay at the Ramada Suites SeaTac Airport, which also has a free shuttle and is a 7m drive from the Highline SeaTac Botanical Gardens. Does Seattle-Tacoma International Airport offer luggage storage? Seattle-Tacoma International Airport has a Smarte Carte Baggage Storage desk that can be found on the baggage claim level of the Arrivals terminal. It is open from 5:30 am to 12:30 am and prices vary depending on the size of the item, with both short and long-term storage options available. This desk also has stroller and carseat rentals for families that are traveling with young children, as well as photocopy and notary services. Do I need a passport to fly between Minneapolis and Seattle? No Which airports will I be using when flying from Minneapolis to Seattle? Minneapolis and Seattle are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Minneapolis from Minneapolis St Paul and will be arriving at Seattle/Tacoma Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Minneapolis to Seattle? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Minneapolis to Seattle flight route: Delta, Alaska Airlines, Spirit Airlines, Cape Air, Sun Country Air, Undisclosed Carrier, American Airlines, Air Canada, and JetBlue. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Minneapolis to Seattle? The Boeing 737-900 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Minneapolis to Seattle flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Minneapolis to Seattle? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Minneapolis and Seattle, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Minneapolis to Seattle? There are nonstop flights from Minneapolis to Seattle on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Minneapolis to Seattle, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Minneapolis to Seattle are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $358 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $388 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Minneapolis to Seattle? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Minneapolis to Seattle. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Minneapolis to Seattle? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Seattle from Minneapolis is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Minneapolis to Seattle? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Seattle with an airline and back to Minneapolis with another airline. Booking your flights between Minneapolis and SEA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Minneapolis to Seattle? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Seattle from Minneapolis up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from MSP to Seattle Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $160 or less one-way and $258 or less round-trip. Your Minneapolis to Seattle flight might very likely depart from Terminal 1 of the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (MSP). Music lovers will be happy to know that MSP hosts live musical performances in T1 between 6:00 am and 9:00 am at either the North Mall area or the South Mall area. Renting a car from the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) couldn't be easier. Passengers can get to the rental car facility by catching a free shuttle at either end of the arrivals curb. One shuttle stop is near the international airlines and the other is near Alaska Airlines. If you are departing from MSP in the morning or early afternoon, you might very likely encounter an MSP therapy dog with its handler. These Animal Ambassadors at MSP walk throughout departures offering delight and comfort to passengers waiting for a flight. While Sun Country Airlines services non-stop flights from Minneapolis to Seattle, Frontier and Spirit Airlines are known for their affordable prices. If you wish to receive additional perks such as free snacks and drinks, think about booking your reservation with Alaska Airlines. If you would like to stretch your legs before boarding your flight from Minneapolis to Seattle, look for the MSP Start! Walking Path in the Lindbergh Terminal of Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport (MSP). This path is 1.4 mi long and will allow you to discover new areas of the airport while also burning off some calories. To unwind and relax while waiting in Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport, look for the massage chairs that are conveniently located in every terminal. These chairs accept both coins and credit cards, and prices start at $1 for 3m and $5 for 15m. For travelers that need help finding their baggage claim or have a question regarding ground transportation, look for the Pathfinder customer service representatives in Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA). These employees wear bright-red shirts and carry iPads, making them easy to spot. If you are traveling with a small child, drop by the Mother’s Room that is in the children’s play area at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. This room can be used by all parents for free and has a rocking chair, adjustable lighting, changing tables, running water, and power outlets. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Minneapolis St Paul to Seattle/Tacoma Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Minneapolis St Paul to Seattle/Tacoma Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Minneapolis St Paul to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Minneapolis St Paul Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Minneapolis to Seattle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Minneapolis to Seattle. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Minneapolis to Seattle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 82comfort 79food 88crew 78entertainment 85boarding 85overall Airline reviews Pros: "Super clean plane! Staff was very friendly as well" Cons: "Nothing, all was great! This was a very pleasant first time flying Alaska airlines. Will definitely recommend"Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "Super clean plane! Staff was very friendly as well" Cons: "Nothing, all was great! This was a very pleasant first time flying Alaska airlines. Will definitely recommend" Pros: "One of our baggage damaged. We reported to Alaska airline worker, she said wear and tear, they don't cover. we had to keep talking and took picture to made a claim." Cons: "honesty." Pros: "Crew was amazing and friendly. Clean, chargers for phones in front of the seat and free WiFi for messaging on board." Cons: "Offered free movie watching but our iPhones didn’t have plugs for earbuds, so we couldn’t enjoy it because it would disturb others having the sound on." Pros: "One of the passengers was a no show! I got to move over to the aisle and have the empty seat between us!" Cons: "First class!" Pros: "Never flew Alaskan before and we loved it!! You get a lot for your money on their airlines. Very impressed!!" Pros: "Because of seat screwup we were comped meals, entertainment drinks etc enjoyed the attention Good leg room" Pros: "Alaska flight crew treated treated my violin with extra care. Thanks!" Cons: "The flight was terrible. The lady in front of me had no idea how to discipline a child. Her son screamed the entire flight." Pros: "Very friendly flight crew. Smooth boarding. Got in a 1/2 hour early!" Pros: "Roomy seats, friendly staff." Cons: "Not permitted to use both bathrooms (one on front reserved for first class only)." Just a perfect flight. Fast, everyone was nice, and the flight attendants were very attentive. Pros: "Crew was nice and friendly" Cons: "The economy seats in an A321 are uncomfortable and there is very limited legroom." Pros: "Crew was great" Cons: "Lots of screaming children. Not much to do about that..." Cons: "Luggage drop was severely understaffed. We had checked in, had boarding passes but there was a 45 minute wait just to drop off a checked bag." Cons: "Flight attendant in First class was visibly frustrated and unfriendly. He was not helping with my simple request for a blanket. Also, the were no food service in first class." Pros: "On this short flight, the flight attendant was wonderful, accommodating special requests and being fully engaged with passengers. On time departure, early arrival, overall a nice quick flight to Duluth." Cons: "CRJ200 planes are always a bit cramped, and having to gate check anything bigger than a small purse is an inconvenience. Hopefully the fleet will change over to the Embrair planes soon. Beware 'Basic' flyers (cheap tickets): you are not eligible to take an earlier flight even if available." Pros: "Good flight as always with Delta. Sat in economy comfort, so of course the seats was comfortable. Flight Attendants were great." Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Pros: "Food was excellent. I had the pasta. Loved watching movies." Cons: "It made no sense to board an hour and a half before takeoff." Pros: "Nice crew" Cons: "Smallest seats I’ve ever been in. Late departure because they forgot the plane’s security check in-between flights. Drinks served but no snacks." Pros: "Very comfy, roomy seats. Helpful, welcoming staff. Great take-off and landing—very smooth." Cons: "It would be nice to have TV’s in the seats for longer flights." Pros: "I had a middle seat and I was surprisingly comfortable." Cons: "This was a 4 hour flight and they had no food -- really????" Pros: "The crew were average seats were comfortable." Cons: "Being on time... I missed my connection to Eugene. They boarded late because the plane came in late but then fiddling around with paper work for 20 minutes. We were then one hour late and they unloaded on the ground and bussed us to the terminal making us even more late. Also $40 added at check in" Cons: "There wasn’t a selection for “not applicable” so I gave low stars where the item didn’t exist I.e. entertainment." Pros: "The ticket price." Cons: "The plane was very hot and stuffy. Very poor air circulation and not enough beverage service." Cons: "New management is making Sun Country like Spirit. Low fare flight, adding pricing to every thing else." Pros: "Good value for the price." Cons: "the crew did not announce where baggage pick-up was, so all of us had to race around trying to find it. The airport staff didn't know either." Pros: "Service was great everything was easily taken care of absolutely no complaints" Pros: "It was great overall! the pilots take off and landing (my most unfavorite part of flying) did a wonderful job." Cons: "The seats are pretty small and I had to pay extra for my seat. What's up witht hat?" Delta gave out earbuds for in-flight entertainment, which was nice. But the legroom seems to decrease every year. I would have liked an aisle seat but because the flight was full I couldn’t be accommodated. All in all it was fine. The plane from Calgary to Comox was incredibly warm, with little to no air flow and when served drinks there was like 2 ice cubes that melted instantly. Everyone was using the plastic menus to fan themselves. Awful Comfortable seats compared to others airlines. Good meal. Nice staff. Cheaper than other longer flights with other airlines. Pros: "The crew was fine" Cons: "the checked luggage took over an hour to arrive at the carousel. ZERO communication. Other flights arrived after ours and all their baggage arrived and they all left while we stood. No information. No explanation. Poor" Cons: "Entertainment was poor. Lost reception on most channels and audio was poor/ awful. Connecting flight from Toronto to YVR was late as as result of leaving late from NFL. Better scheduling." Cons: "Plane was an hour late. Boarding among the worst EVER ANYWHERE." Pros: "The crew took care of my wife and I when our flights were accidently cancelled. Literally were the last people on the plane. It was unbelievable to see their efforts and patience. Completely grateful." Cons: "flight was delayed 2 hours, could have been some better communication on the delay" Pros: "Didn’t make my flight" Cons: "If the app didn’t send me a message saying my flight had been delayed when it was in fact on time." Cons: "The flight comfort was very bad. The plane was extremely warm and people we beginning to feel bad. Several mentioned it and asked multiple times to have the the cabin air conditioning turned down" Cons: "One crew member is not particularly helpful when passengers needed assistance." Cons: "Flight was delayed 4+ hours due to weather. Gate agents did not communicate well, were rude and not helpful." Pros: "Nothing!!!" Cons: "The seat in front of me reclined so far that the guy in that seat had his head less than a foot from my face and my knees were being smashed by his seat. Very painful." Pros: "Let's see - I was in first class. The flight itself was fine - and only one hour + late!" Cons: "Food - Served the "breakfast" (when it was called a protein plate) I had coming (into MSP). for "lunch" on the way back (called it a meat plate for lunch. One slice turkey, one slice jamon, one egg, cinnamon roll and fruit. Just because they don't want to serve bread - they call it a protein plate? I'm not on a protein diet. Food was pretty sick for the amount I paid for the fight. Stewardess said it was against Republic's rules to give a customer a can of tonic water (so I could add to the small amount of vodka) - she also told me that it was against Delta's, American's and United's rules to give a can - strange? First Class seat did not recline. First Class was freezing per every flight on this segment (the stewardesses sit in the back and don't want to be uncomfortable - if they make the front warm - the back is too hot for them (not joking on this one). So many things to list - that I will finish on the AA site." Pros: "Smooth flight, pilots were friendly. It was a nice flight" Pros: "The flight staff did the best they could for how few of them there were." Cons: "Flight cancelled, and the gate was understaffed, so it took forever to even get up to the counter to try arranging alternate flights. Also, the Kayak/Webjet tickets we were issued interfered with the process as the airline could not reissue us tickets directly. Moreover, one Kayak & Webjet got actively involved, they even tried to deny us passage on the alternate flights that American Airlines suggested. By the time we did make it up to the desk, everything was taken/full for the next few days & we have been struggling to make our overseas travel even possible ever since." Pros: "Quick board and exit, fast check-in" Cons: "Wi-Fi onboard free for all T Mobile customers, cramped seat room for a smaller adult even" Cons: "I asked the woman at the gate prior to boarding if there were electrical outlets on the plane. She looked it up and said, its an Airbus, yes they have outlets at each seat. I didn't worry too much about charging my devices at my layover because I knew I could charge them on the plane. When I got on it was clear that there was no outlets, no video on the backs of seats, no devices being handed out for purchase. Nothing. I'm definitely used to more updated planes, but I would have been ok without the misinformation. I ended up on a 4 hr flight bored out of my gourd—which could have been avoided." Pros: "Pretzels and drinks." Cons: "The group's for boarding are ridiculous. The back of the plane should board first and so on... the new plane we flew on had the smallest seats we've ever seen. When we tried to board, the crew would rudely say, it's not your turn. We were flying for a funeral and paid a lot for our tickets. We should be treated with respect. One lady said to put our luggage in the first available compartment, then when we tried, another lady rudely said, if that's not where you're sitting, you can't put your bag there. We were embarrassed and when we tried to explain what we'd been told she told us to keep moving." Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 WestJet7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Minneapolis to Seattle Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Minneapolis to Seattle found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/9mar. 2 stops 10h 47mMSP-SEA $62 Search 12/15vie. 1 stopSpirit Airlines 13h 18mMSP-SEA $63 Search 12/9sáb. 1 stopFrontier 18h 15mMSP-SEA $65 Search 1/21dom. 1 stopFrontier 25h 05mMSP-SEA $70 Search 12/18lun. nonstopSun Country Air 3h 57mMSP-SEA $83 Search 1/10mié. nonstopDelta 4h 04mMSP-SEA $99 Search 12/25lun. nonstopSun Country Air 4h 08mMSP-SEA $102 Search 1/11jue. nonstopDelta 4h 02mMSP-SEA $119 Search 1/8lun. nonstopAlaska Airlines 4h 22mMSP-SEA $139 Search 1/6sáb. nonstopAlaska Airlines 4h 12mMSP-SEA $179 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierSun Country AirDeltaAlaska Airlines Search by price$60 or less$70 or less$100 or less$120 or less$180 or less Last minute flights from Minneapolis to Seattle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Minneapolis to Seattle that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5mar. multi-stop 13h 18mMSP-SEA 12/9sáb. multi-stop 14h 43mSEA-MSP $158 Search 12/4lun. multi-stop 13h 18mMSP-SEA 12/11lun. multi-stop 17h 19mSEA-MSP $228 Search 12/4lun. nonstopSun Country Air 3h 51mMSP-SEA 12/10dom. nonstopSun Country Air 3h 11mSEA-MSP $273 Search 12/4lun. nonstopSun Country Air 3h 51mMSP-SEA 12/10dom. nonstopSun Country Air 3h 11mSEA-MSP $278 Search 12/4lun. multi-stopFrontier 18h 15mMSP-SEA 12/10dom. multi-stopFrontier 23h 38mSEA-MSP $308 Search 12/1vie. multi-stopFrontier 15h 27mMSP-SEA 12/6mié. multi-stopFrontier 14h 53mSEA-MSP $663 Search 12/1vie. nonstopDelta 4h 04mMSP-SEA 12/6mié. nonstopDelta 3h 20mSEA-MSP $808 Search 12/4lun. multi-stopAmerican Airlines 10h 50mMSP-SEA 12/9sáb. multi-stopAmerican Airlines 10h 20mSEA-MSP $825 Search 12/1vie. nonstopDelta 3h 56mMSP-SEA 12/6mié. nonstopDelta 3h 25mSEA-MSP $838 Search 12/5mar. nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 14mMSP-SEA 12/9sáb. multi-stopAmerican Airlines 10h 20mSEA-MSP $853 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSun Country AirFrontierDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$230 or less$280 or less$660 or less$830 or less$850 or less Minneapolis - Seattle Flights Departure: Minneapolis (MSP)United States Destination: Seattle (SEA)United States Return flight deals: Seattle - Minneapolis Cabin classes: $256 First Class flights to Seattle $877 Business Class flights to Seattle $241 Prem Econ Class flights to Seattle $148 Economy Class flights to Seattle Browse origins: Flights » United States » Minnesota » Minneapolis $100Flights from Minneapolis to Seattle Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Washington » Seattle $100Flights to Seattle, Seattle Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Tampa Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Seattle flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Seattle from Minneapolis. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Seattle from Minneapolis. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.