Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas from $18 | (LAX - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - LAS Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas from $18 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:36 pm - 1:00 amLAX-LAS 1h 24mnonstop 9:01 pm - 10:28 pmLAS-LAX 1h 27mnonstop $31Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Tue, Dec 19 11:36 pm - 1:00 amLAX-LAS 1h 24mnonstop 10:21 pm - 11:48 pmLAS-LAX 1h 27mnonstop $33Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Tue, Dec 19 7:03 pm - 8:19 pmLAX-LAS 1h 16mnonstop 1:56 pm - 3:16 pmLAS-LAX 1h 20mnonstop $37Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Thu, Feb 1 7:00 am - 8:20 amLAX-LAS 1h 20mnonstop 9:15 am - 10:40 amLAS-LAX 1h 25mnonstop $88Alaska Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 21 - Thu, Dec 28 7:03 pm - 8:17 pmLAX-LAS 1h 14mnonstop 9:02 pm - 10:18 pmLAS-LAX 1h 16mnonstop $108JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Dec 29 - Wed, Jan 3 9:10 pm - 10:28 pmLAX-LAS 1h 18mnonstop 6:00 am - 7:18 amLAS-LAX 1h 18mnonstop $123Delta Find Deal Fri, Dec 22 - Mon, Dec 25 7:03 pm - 8:17 pmLAX-LAS 1h 14mnonstop 9:02 pm - 10:18 pmLAS-LAX 1h 16mnonstop $128JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Dec 26 - Sat, Dec 30 7:00 am - 8:18 amLAX-LAS 1h 18mnonstop 8:17 pm - 9:34 pmLAS-LAX 1h 17mnonstop $133Alaska Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 16 - Sun, Feb 18 9:30 am - 10:49 amLAX-LAS 1h 19mnonstop 8:00 am - 9:13 amLAS-LAX 1h 13mnonstop $149American Airlines Find Deal Fri, May 17 - Sat, May 18 6:30 pm - 7:42 pmLAX-LAS 1h 12mnonstop 8:00 am - 9:13 amLAS-LAX 1h 13mnonstop $184American Airlines Find Deal Sat, May 18 - Sun, May 19 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, you should consider leaving on a Monday and avoid Fridays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Los Angeles, you’ll find the best rates on Wednesdays and the most expensive ones on Sundays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas is January, where tickets cost $91 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and May, where the average cost of tickets is $122 and $117 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 71 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Los Angeles to Las Vegas found on KAYAK was with Spirit Airlines for $18. Spirit Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $31 and Alaska Airlines from $88. Which airlines fly most frequently between Los Angeles and Las Vegas? Los Angeles and Las Vegas are connected by different airlines. The airlines that fly that route the most regularly are Southwest (10 flights per day), United Airlines (4 flights per day), and American Airlines (2 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. There are 8 airlines that fly nonstop from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. They are: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta, JSX, JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $38 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 18 and 35 nonstop flights that take off from Los Angeles and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 1h 14m. The most common departure time is 5:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 183 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to Las Vegas take? Nonstop flights from Los Angeles generally make it to Las Vegas in 1h 12m. The flying distance between the two cities is 236 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 5:45 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 7:10 am. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to Las Vegas jets off at 11:36 pm and lands at 1:00 am. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight $18 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 15% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 0% lower on average. Flight from Los Angeles to Las Vegas When to book flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas What are the most eco-friendly airlines flying from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? Several nonstop flights are operated from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. On average, around 370 kg of carbon is emitted on flights from LAX to LAS. However, American Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and JetBlue operate more eco-friendly flights. Their flights emit 92%, 90%, and 88% less carbon than their counterparts, and they offer nonstop services. Are day rooms available at Harry Reid International Airport? Yes, if you wish to catch some sleep while at LAS, you’re welcome to use the day rooms provided at the airport. Zero Level Fitness in Terminal 1 gives you everything you need to keep your body healthy and fit, including a bed to catch some sleep. They offer day rooms that can be rented by the hour, and each room includes access to a single bed, showers, lockers, a fridge, microwave, and the fitness center. What are the accessible services offered at Harry Reid International Airport? LAS is fully accessible to all passengers with special needs. To give access to all airport areas, LAS has ramps and lifts for those in wheelchairs. Reserved spaces for disabled parking are also provided, and the airport also has courtesy wheelchairs on standby. TDD phones for the hearing impaired are also provided in both terminals, and the white courtesy phones are for requesting special assistance for the visually impaired. Which is the quickest way to get to Los Angeles International Airport? You don’t want to get on a last-minute dash through LA traffic rushing to the airport. But if you do find yourself in that position, the quickest way of getting to LAX is using a taxi. Taxis will take about 20-25 minutes to get to the airport, at least 15 minutes less than the second-quickest means, the LAX FlyAway buses. Does Los Angeles International Airport have an observation area? If you would like to watch the planes take off and land at Los Angeles International Airport, make sure to visit the Observation Desk that is located in the airport’s main terminal building. This area is meant to resemble a spaceship and is well-known for having been designed by Walt Disney Imagineering. What dining options are there at McCarran International Airport? Interested in grabbing a bite to eat after your flight to Las Vegas? Pay a visit to one of the many dining options located in McCarran International Airport. 360° Gourmet Burrito is located near Gate B and serves traditional Mexican cuisine, while Great Steak and Potato Company is located near Gate A and is famous for its cheesesteaks. Are there any pet relief areas at McCarran International Airport? If you’re traveling with a pet or service animal, you will most likely want to visit a pet relief area after your flight has landed. There are three different pet relief areas located near Gates C, D, and E of McCarran International Airport, as well as 2 additional areas near baggage claim and ticketing. What facilities are there for kids at McCarran International Airport? If you’re traveling from Los Angeles to Las Vegas with children, consider stopping by the kids' play area located near the D Gates of McCarran International Airport. This play area features a variety of toys, books, and activities, making it a convenient place for kids to burn off some energy after being cooped up on the plane. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and Las Vegas? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? JetBlue, American Airlines, Delta, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to Las Vegas flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? oneworld, Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and Las Vegas, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? There are nonstop flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $114 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $114 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and LAS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $45 or less one-way and $83 or less round-trip. Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) is the largest in California and a major international hub. It has nine terminals, including the Tom Bradley International Terminal. However, getting around the airport has been made simpler with the walkways and free shuttles, which extend their services to the long-term parking lot. If you’re looking to stock up on essentials before your Las Vegas adventure, why not shop duty-free at the duty-free shops in Harry Reid International Airport (LAS). There are two Duty Free Stores by Nuance locations at LAS, one in Terminal 1 and another in Terminal 3, and these shops offer everything, including electronics. Do you have some last-minute business you need to handle before your flight? Set up your own office at the workstations dotted all over LAX. These workstations are free to use and have free Wi-Fi. They are spread across each terminal. If you are flying to Las Vegas and back to Los Angeles the next day, you can use the long-term parking facilities at LAX to store your vehicle. There are two options, offsite and onsite. Onsite, you’ll have the economy lot and the central terminal parking. The offsite lot is cheaper, and LAX has a shuttle service for getting passengers to the terminal buildings. Do you have some time to pass at LAS? Check out the many art installations at the airport or learn something new at the Howard W. Cannon Aviation Museum. The museum is open 24 hours, and you’ll find the main exhibit in Terminal 1, landside. Interested in booking flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? If so, there are two airports that you can fly into. While McCarran International Airport is the primary travel destination for the Las Vegas region, North Las Vegas Airport is a smaller choice that is only 3 miles from the city center. If you would like to unwind after your flight from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, pay a visit to one of the many slot machines located throughout the different terminals of McCarran International Airport. These machines are available to all travelers aged 21 and up, and they’re an easy way to relax for a few minutes before heading to your final destination. Although there are many airlines that fly directly from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, Delta is one of the most popular. If you decide to book your flight through Delta, not only will you have a variety of flight choices and the ability to upgrade your seat to have more legroom, but you will also be able to visit their private lounge that is located in the Departures terminal of Los Angeles International Airport. Hoping to use public transportation to travel between McCarran International Airport and downtown Las Vegas? The Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada has public buses that leave from outside Terminals 1 and 3 and travel to several different stops located in Las Vegas’ city center. While you’re waiting for your flight to take off from Los Angeles International Airport, keep your eyes open for the LAX PUPS Program. This program consists of volunteers walking throughout the airport with trained therapy dogs in order to help guests unwind and remain relaxed during a stressful day of traveling. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +35 more ANA, Aeromexico, +36 more 34 35 Tuesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +32 more ANA, Aeromexico, +33 more 31 32 Wednesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +38 more ANA, Aeromexico, +39 more 37 38 Thursday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +33 more ANA, Aeromexico, +34 more 32 33 Friday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +38 more ANA, Aeromexico, +39 more 37 38 Saturday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +35 more ANA, Aeromexico, +36 more 34 35 Sunday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +37 more ANA, Aeromexico, +38 more 36 37 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +37 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +38 more 36 37 Tuesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Wednesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +39 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +40 more 38 39 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Friday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +38 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +39 more 37 38 Saturday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +37 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +38 more 36 37 Sunday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +38 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +39 more 37 38 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 79food 78entertainment 85overall 82comfort 85boarding 88crew Airline reviews Pros: "Good crew, did a good job making us feel good for a delayed late night flight." Cons: "For some reason air was never turned on. Air only seemed to flow once we were moving but sitting at the gate and once back on the ground taxing it got very hot again."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "Good crew, did a good job making us feel good for a delayed late night flight." Cons: "For some reason air was never turned on. Air only seemed to flow once we were moving but sitting at the gate and once back on the ground taxing it got very hot again." Pros: "Comfortable seats and smooth red-eye transcontinental flight." Cons: "If there weren't a 15-minute delay due to maintenance." Pros: "No hassle and easy boarding." Cons: "More room and limit on size of luggage in the overhead compartment." Pros: "The two member of the crew were very welcoming and kept a very good sense of professionalism along with adjustments to every passenger. I can consider myself a frequent flyer and it’s relieving to have a crew like that." Cons: "I would appreciate a quicker and just a little bit more organized check in and maybe some different snacks that will make an airline stand out." Cons: "Delay on takeoff and a delay on arrival. Flight Attendants never offered headphones for purchase to watch in filght movie/TV." Pros: "Super easy boarding and friendly staff." Cons: "I am 5'11 and my legs were literally touching the seat in front of me the whole time." Pros: "The only enjoyable thing about my flight was the couple sitting next to me." Cons: "We weren’t served drinks until nearly 2 hours in. They kept making announcements saying “it’s really turbulent and not safe” but I’ve flown a lot and we barely had any turbulence the entire flight and at no point was it unsafe. When it was calm they were hanging out and taking in the back." Pros: "Lots of legroom. I was in the middle seat and was very comfortable. The staff was excellent. Left on time and arrived early! Bags were delivered by the time we got to the carousel." Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "I didn’ ask for internet but i was charged$25 I don’t know what to name it !" Cons: "I was in the last group being boarded (D) - by the time it gets to this group it seems a kind of controlled pandemonium starts and the staff just do their best to herd people in. I have an Alaska Air credit card and one of the selling points was to board earlier, but that has not been the case, as they reserve this for their higher level customers, whatever that means. Also, on this flight, I was very unimpressed with the crew, there was a younger African American man, who was particularly unfriendly, he clearly needs remedial training in customer service. I was disappointed with my experience this time as I have mostly found the crews to be very professional." Cons: "Two very sick people were allowed to fly and were not denied boarding during these times of Covid19. We actually had to taxi back to terminal to remove a very sick passenger. JetBlue #100 March 17, 2020 10:12 pm from Los Angeles to Fort Lauderdale." Cons: "Despite the delay of almost 3 hours (which we were informed much earlier than getting to the airport at) the plane was 40% empty so can’t complain at the end of the day" Pros: "Seat was comfy and the leg room makes a difference." Pros: "It was my first experience & I couldn’t had enjoyed it more ! Words can’t explain" Cons: "Nothing everything was great" Pros: "Mint. It's great. Very confirmable" Cons: "Slow taxi process after landing at LAS. Took 30+ minutes to get to gate" Cons: "Add Subtitles to the movies at list in English thanks Tzach" Pros: "The crew was very friendly and helpful." Cons: "The TV monitor was very small and the picture was pretty poor." Pros: "You can always count on JetBlue for good snacks and free WiFi." Cons: "But the snacks and free WiFi is not enough to payback the delayed departure experience. Just a week prior, my JetBlue flight was scheduled on time and then three things delayed thre flight for three hours right before we took off and now this! I was told it was due to needing to replace a crew member from another delayed flight. How can that affect so many people? The seat was also super uncomfortable and the back of the cushion was rolling forward, which made it hard to sit for that long. we also didn’t have a gate when we landed so that added on an extra 30minutes. Really disappointed." Pros: "The flight itself was fine. Food pricey but good enough. Seats are comfortable. WiFi is intermittent. Cabin crew basically OK." Cons: "Contradictory and incomplete texts about a 1.25 hour delay in departure time. Text should say to arrive at original time. Almost missed the flight because text did not say that. Got 2 different texts within minutes, one with incorrect info. Why did I have TSA Pre-Check status on the originating flight but not on the return flight? Not enough overhead space, and cabin crew wasn’t helpful in finding space. Flight 30 minutes late, but probably not JetBlue‘s fault." Pros: "I liked having a variety of movies and show to watch during a five hour flight" Cons: "There was a worker outside the plane demanding people to step to the side. He didn’t say please or thank you. Rude!" Pros: "The seats were very comfortable even though legroom was limited in the basic cabin." Cons: "Delta delayed the flight from LAX to SLC, which subsequently made me miss the connecting flight from SLC to ORD. Completely unacceptable" Cons: "at last minute itinerary was changed.. instead of routing through Brisbane, was now routed through Sydney. Flight from Sydney to LAX was delayed by 4 hours, then missed flight LAX to LAS... overall long delayed arrival. Checked the route through Brisbane, and those flights we're all there, departed and landed all on-time... so wondering what the reason was for the change of the itinerary without a cause (no cancel or delayed flights through Brisbane)" Pros: "Overall, flight was great." Cons: "The couple next to me were a little on the plus size. A little tight for my flight. But I was ok" Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Cons: "yet another oversold and crammed into a plane flight from delta. the crew were nice and all...but the passengers were all ready to be throw into a battle royal pit to actually get on the plane. Getting real tired of this" Pros: "The crew members were very friendly" Cons: "Coach seats still a little too small. Always bump the person next to me" Cons: "Due to the earthquakes, the film festival I was going to was cancelled. Ten days prior to the flight I called AeroMexico to cancel and they said there would be a cancellation penalty, which was fine. When I tried to redeem my credit, they said there was also an additional "No-show fee" even though I called to cancel 10 days prior, which left a total of $70 credit after all their penalties. I called and emailed to complain but they did nothing but pass me to someone else who was equally unhelpful. I will never fly AeroMexico for any reason in the future." Pros: "Good selection of movies/shows." Cons: "Flight was delayed half an hour due to “medical emergency”. Guy passed out as we were about to take off so we turned back to the gate and sat on the plane for over 30 mins while we waited for medical personnel to check the guy out. Then had to wait another 15 mins for the fuel truck to refill us because we had burnt so much sitting there. I understand that we had to turn back due to his condition but why was he not removed from the plane and put on a later flight when he felt better instead of making all of us late? You would think after all this the crew would be kind and appreciate our patience but 2 of the flight attendants were the exact opposite of that. Both of them were very short with people and the one kept rolling her eyes at people as they were handing out drinks. The only thing I would give 5 stars is the tv entertainment. My seat wouldn’t even recline for me to enjoy though." Pros: "Food available was good." Cons: "Very tight space- could not reach floor when person in front of me moved seat into recline position. Could not get out of seat to go to bathroom when my seat mates were sleeping. Tough to load- tight spaces." Pros: "Boarding was fast. We arrived early." Cons: "It was too cold & they kept turning on the lights (it was a late night flight)." Pros: "Price of ticket. Crew was efficient." Cons: "Baggage limitations are not clear: especially when the ticket says no carryon luggage. What they mean is anything that fits under your seat and is under 20 lbs is OK. Seat did not recline. Leg room was poor." Pros: "Great crew and online customer service..." Cons: "1- Flight Behind Schedule 2- Live customer service agents are truly non-existent until 1.5hrs before ‘departure’" Pros: "To be honest nothing" Cons: "Missed flight any no one was willing to help us pure BS" Pros: "Arrived on time after boarding was delayed. Great price/ you get what you pay for." Cons: "No diaper changing station in any of the 3 bathrooms.flight attendants could have been friendlier" Pros: "Availability at last minute was awesome, and the price was excellent. The direct flight was great too!" Cons: "No frills... no peanuts!" Cons: "I am so angry booking with them. I booked the flight and then thought, ok I will add a rental car. It said clearly that the rental Car could be canceled up until 24 hours before the flight. Well, 2 weeks before the flight, my friend said, don’t get a rental car, I will have my car. So I cancelled and only then did I find out that once I booked it through their site I could not get a refund for the car and I could only get a voucher for use on one of their flights! And only after they take out any fees and costs that was accrued! So angry!" Cons: "Flight was very late. Have to pay $45 for a carry-on bag. Seats were uncomfortable and have to pay for all snacks and drinks including water." Pros: "Better than on time Smooth sailing through south bend airport!" Cons: "Just have to remember thrift airline No seat going back" Cons: "Cut my already short trip even shorter. I used this airline twice now, and both times I was delayed." Pros: "Fast, easy, got decent seats and didn’t have to sit next to anyone" Pros: "Everything as great" Cons: "The white woman who checked my ticket at the gate was So rude!" Cons: "My flight from LAS to LAX was excellent, it was a larger plane , full and was able to stretch out. I would love to fly American Airlines more but flight times for my destinations are not always the best." Cons: "Paid for upgraded seat for complimentary alcoholic beverages and was told they would not be served. IFE was finicky - many broken screens. Deplaning was pandemonium." Pros: "Crew did the best they could with the situation" Cons: "An hr delay because our plane was delayed an hr due to there being too much fuel and it seems a lot of delays that were very preventable" Cons: "Unexplained 3 hour delay. They couldn't be bothered to automatically rebook me to an earlier flight (other airlines do this). They also couldn't put me on standby over the phone?! I had to wait for someone to arrive at the gate and then get on standby." Pros: "The crew was nice" Cons: "Pilots showing up on time. The flight was delayed 3 hours not due to weather or mechanical issues. Then they boarded us on the plane, let us know it was delayed 1.5 hours, then back onto the plane at that time, then waited another 1.5 hours to leave. Unacceptable. I missed my work meeting from this." Pros: "Crew was very nice" Cons: "No drunk option other than orange juice or water, and orange juice gives me heartburn so more options necessary" Cons: "Even though we pay exorbinant prices: The poorest selection of non-meat vegetarian food." Cons: "There was no entertainment at all, and pretzels are gross" Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Allegiant Air7.2 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 20mLAX-LAS $18 Search 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 24mLAX-LAS $19 Search 12/8Fri nonstopJetBlue 1h 15mLAX-LAS $45 Search 12/8Fri nonstopDelta 1h 15mLAX-LAS $50 Search 3/14Thu nonstopJetBlue 1h 19mLAX-LAS $64 Search 12/22Fri nonstopDelta 1h 18mLAX-LAS $74 Search 3/25Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 11mLAX-LAS $75 Search 12/15Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 06mLAX-LAS $79 Search 12/23Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 17mLAX-LAS $84 Search 12/28Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 17mLAX-LAS $124 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$20 or less$50 or less$70 or less$80 or less$120 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 21mLAX-LAS 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 27mLAS-LAX $39 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 24mLAX-LAS 12/8Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 25mLAS-LAX $45 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 14mLAX-LAS 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 25mLAS-LAX $50 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 17mLAX-LAS 12/6Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 25mLAS-LAX $113 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 1h 19mLAX-LAS 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 1h 22mLAS-LAX $123 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 1h 19mLAX-LAS 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 1h 18mLAS-LAX $124 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 19mLAX-LAS 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 28mLAS-LAX $157 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 19mLAX-LAS 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 28mLAS-LAX $158 Search 12/2Sat multi-stop 11h 28mLAX-LAS 12/9Sat multi-stop 24h 27mLAS-LAX $187 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 7h 53mLAX-LAS 12/11Mon multi-stop 6h 31mLAS-LAX $223 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAlaska AirlinesDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$50 or less$110 or less$120 or less$160 or less$220 or less Los Angeles - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Los Angeles Cabin classes: $252 First Class flights to Las Vegas $328 Business Class flights to Las Vegas $103 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas $39 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $35Flights from Los Angeles to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $35Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Compare transportation modes for Los Angeles to Las Vegas Average price Average duration Flights $269 1h 14m Buses $33 3h 57m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Las Vegas from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.