Cheap Flights from Seattle to Tokyo Narita from $352 | (SEA - NRT) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SEA - NRT Find cheap flights from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport from $352 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/19. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Tokyo Narita Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Tokyo. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Tokyo. How much is the cheapest flight from Seattle to Narita?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Seattle to Narita that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:05 am - 1:15 pmSEA-NRT 37h 10m1 stop 7:05 pm - 9:45 pmNRT-SEA 19h 40m1 stop $745 Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Fri, Feb 2 7:05 am - 1:15 pmSEA-NRT 37h 10m1 stop 7:05 pm - 9:45 pmNRT-SEA 19h 40m1 stop $764 Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sat, Jan 27 7:05 am - 1:15 pmSEA-NRT 37h 10m1 stop 7:05 pm - 9:45 pmNRT-SEA 19h 40m1 stop $768 Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Fri, Jan 26 7:05 pm - 4:05 pmSEA-NRT 28h 00m1 stop 6:05 pm - 6:26 pmNRT-SEA 17h 21m1 stop $837Air Canada Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Wed, Feb 7 9:55 am - 2:55 pmSEA-NRT 13h 00m1 stop 4:55 pm - 2:24 pmNRT-SEA 13h 29m1 stop $838Air Canada Find Deal Sun, Apr 21 - Thu, May 2 7:15 am - 4:00 pmSEA-NRT 39h 45m1 stop 7:55 pm - 9:45 pmNRT-SEA 18h 50m1 stop $1,011Hawaiian Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Thu, Jan 18 12:10 pm - 4:35 pmSEA-NRT 11h 25mnonstop 5:25 pm - 9:55 amNRT-SEA 9h 30mnonstop $1,058Japan Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Fri, Dec 22 12:10 pm - 4:35 pmSEA-NRT 11h 25mnonstop 5:25 pm - 9:55 amNRT-SEA 9h 30mnonstop $1,062Japan Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Wed, Dec 27 7:05 am - 4:00 pmSEA-NRT 39h 55m1 stop 7:55 pm - 9:45 pmNRT-SEA 18h 50m1 stop $1,115Hawaiian Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Sat, Jan 20 7:15 am - 3:10 pmSEA-NRT 14h 55m1 stop 4:55 pm - 6:42 pmNRT-SEA 18h 47m1 stop $1,128United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sun, Dec 24 Show more results Flights from Seattle to Narita - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Seattle to Narita to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport is January, where tickets cost $1,258 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,932 and $1,730 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport, you should book around 3 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 72 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport were found on Air Canada ($837) and Hawaiian Airlines ($1,011). Hawaiian Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $614. Which airlines fly non-stop between Seattle and Tokyo Narita Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport. There is just one airline that flies from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport direct and that is Japan Airlines. The best one-way deal found from Japan Airlines for the route is $1,180. How many flights are there between Seattle and Tokyo Narita Airport per day? Each day, there are 3 nonstop flights that take off from Seattle and land in Tokyo Narita Airport, with an average flight time of 11h 25m. The most common departure time is 12:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 21 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 3. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Seattle and Tokyo Narita Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport take? Direct flights cover the 4,754 miles separating Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport in about 11h 15m. What’s the earliest departure time from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Seattle at 12:10 pm and will be landing in Tokyo Narita Airport at 4:35 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport jets off at 12:20 pm and lands at 4:35 pm. Good to know Low season January High season March Cheapest flight $352 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 17% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 1% increase in price. Flight from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport When to book flights from Seattle to Narita Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Seattle to Narita based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport flights Are there accessible services at Tokyo Narita Airport (NRT)? Yes, the airport provides assistance services for customers with limited mobility. These include wheel-friendly toilets as well those accessible by ostomy patients. The airport assists passengers with developmental/intellectual /behavioral disorders. There are also help straps at information counters that can help passengers communicate effortlessly with the airport staff. Where can I get a rental car at NRT? There are a few different rental car options available at NRT. Various car rental counters are located at various terminal buildings, arrival sections. You will choose from among many rental companies such as Avis, Budget, Hertz, National, and SIXT among others. Which airline lounges are available at NRT? You can relax at several lounges available for different airlines. In terminal 1 are Ana Arrival Lounge, KoreanAirLounge, Narita Premier Lounge, and United Club. You can find Emirates Lounge, Aspire Lounge, and Sakura Lounge in terminal 2. Is there a kid's park at Tokyo Narita Airport (NRT)? There are kids' parks in three terminals. In terminal 1, the kids' parks are located on the second, third, and fifth floors. In Terminal 2, you can get a kid’s park on the 2nd floor, between the satellite and main buildings, and the main building's 4th floor. Terminal 3 kids' parks are located in 2F and 3F areas. Do I need a passport to fly between Seattle and Tokyo Narita Airport? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Tokyo Narita Airport from Seattle. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport? The Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between Seattle and Tokyo Narita Airport. On which days can I fly direct from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport? There are nonstop flights from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Seattle to Tokyo, Japan Airlines or Singapore Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Seattle to Tokyo are Japan Airlines and Singapore Airlines. With an average price for the route of $1,559 and an overall rating of 8.7, Japan Airlines is the most popular choice. Singapore Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $883 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Tokyo Narita Airport from Seattle is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Tokyo Narita Airport with an airline and back to Seattle with another airline. Booking your flights between Seattle and NRT can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Tokyo Narita Airport from Seattle up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SEA to Tokyo Narita Airport Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $747 or less one-way and $1,342 or less round-trip. There are different airports to choose from when flying out of Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport, these are Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA), King County International Airport (BFI), or Renton Municipal Airport (RNT). Also known as SeaTac, Seattle-Tacoma Airport is the major international airport in Seattle, a hub for Delta and Alaska Airlines, and a gateway to the Pacific region for many other airlines. Accessing SEA is easy by train and metro buses. You can use the King County Metro bus system and Sound Transit Regional Express buses to get to SeaTac airport. You can also use a taxi service from the airport's consolidated car rental facility. The Light Rail system also connects Airport passengers to the 4th floor of the parking garage. If you need luggage assistance, there are two luggage assistance providers at SEA namely Axel Baggage Service and Express Bag Services. You can also check with your airline to see if they offer luggage porting services. If you are a military traveler, you can coordinate luggage porting directly with Sky Caps Service. Seattle Airport customers can park their cars at the airport. The long-term parking lots are located at the parking garage, on the fourth floor – which can be billed monthly. Also, you find a long-term parking lot on floors 1 - 3 and 5 - 8 of the parking garage. SEA airport offers 8 pet relief areas. Four of these areas are outdoors while the other four are indoors. The outdoor pet relief areas can be accessed through door 33, carousel 1/Door 2, Carousel 16/door 26, and next to the parking garage. The indoor pet relief areas are found immediately after security at the central terminal, concourse D, North satellite, and South Satellite. Be sure to keep your pet in their carriers except when visiting the pet relief area. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Tokyo Narita? Find which airlines fly direct from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Narita, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Tokyo Narita Search Flights Monday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Tuesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Wednesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Thursday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Friday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Saturday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Sunday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Tokyo Narita to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Tuesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Wednesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Thursday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Friday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Saturday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Sunday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Seattle to Narita See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Seattle to Tokyo. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Seattle to Narita? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 86comfort 90crew 88overall 85entertainment 84food 89boarding Airline reviews Pros: "Economy was surprisingly comfortable. Boarding and deplaning were very quick." Cons: "Not a ton of movies to choose from. Enough, but less than most domestic US flights."Read more about Japan Airlines Pros: "Economy was surprisingly comfortable. Boarding and deplaning were very quick." Cons: "Not a ton of movies to choose from. Enough, but less than most domestic US flights." Pros: "The entertainment system, the leg room, the toilets with complimentary tooth brushes. JAL hit it out of the park." Cons: "Not one thing." Pros: "The cabin crew was excellent -- friendly, always helpful, energetic." Cons: "We requested a seafood special meal. The food quality was satisfactory, but most of the items tasted very bland. The accompanying dishes were unimaginative -- raw vegetables (salad), steamed vegetables, pickled vegetables. One exeption was a smoked salmon bit with capers -- this was the tastiest part among 8 meals over 4 flights." Pros: "Japan Airlines always, always, always takes such good care of us, especially with the kids. This flight was no exception. I had forgotten to reserve a kid's meal for our kids (don't forget, parents) and they went well out of their way to make sure that the kids had food that they would like." Pros: "Tv audio didn’t work. They forgot to movie me to another seat. I paid for Wi-Fi and it didn’t work with Netflix or hbo go. Luggage was lost too" Pros: "Soo Much Food! Crew was very polite and helpful." Cons: "They didn’t offer a vegetarian meal option in flight, but there was enough sides that it didn’t really matter." Cons: "PA announcements could have been louder. I also had difficulty understanding when I could hear the English words." Cons: "Japan airline will end the flights from Narita to Incheon on 3/25 which doesn’t work for my future trips." Pros: "The seats were comfortable, the staff was lovely and accommodating, and the food was delicious." Cons: "The WiFi was very weak and barely connected to any website. It couldn’t connect to Netflix, but luckily the in-flight movies were okay." Pros: "Plane is modern with good in flight entertainment and a usb charger to keep your mobile devices charged." Cons: "Because it is Japan Airlines, the food is authentically Japanese. Unlike US based international flights, they only serve one meal with zero alternatives." Cons: "Flight was a little warm but was able to get it cooler via help from crew but got warmer again towards the end of flight. Overall good flight though" Pros: "The crew was amazing. It was my first time flying so I was a little nervous but they made me feel safe and welcomed. The friendly crew was honestly what made the whole experience great." Cons: "The lunch part at the end was a little late we had just had a snack and a small sandwich so we didn't eat a lot. But food was great!" Pros: "crew handled the tough crowd well, but were not extremely hospitable" Cons: "food was disgusting" Pros: "Seat was comfortable, flight attendants were attentive and the food wasn't bad." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Everything. Singapore Airlines had a great reputation. Imagine my disappointment. It was a horrible flight. The crew was nice enough, but inattentive. The food, if such a term may be applied here, was inedible. Just vile. In flight entertainment was a complete joke. Boarding was awful, but it always is. Seats were extremely uncomfortable. This racket is the ultimate way to rip somebody off of $1000. Horrible." Pros: "The inflight entertainment was great, lots of movie selections" Cons: "The leg room was horrible. Honestly the worst space I've ever had in a flight. I was shocked considering Singapore air is considered one of the best airlines" Pros: "I loved everything! The plane was well maintained, the crew were friendly and attentive, the flight was comfortable even for such long hours. Food was also great! In flight entertainment had recent movies and shows, even international selections." Pros: "Loved the food/Movies/seats." Cons: "No air vents and the cabin was very very stuffy and warm for many people. I’ve never heard one child cry for 7+ hours before until this flight. But everything else was decent to say the very least:)" Pros: "I haven’t flown Emirates, but SQ beats the many others I have flown by a significant margin—especially the Chinese airlines, but also all major US airlines, JAL, Korean, et al." Pros: "The crew was nice, the food was good. We did miss our first flight, so we were automatically rebooked on a new flight." Cons: "We missed our first flight because of our connection." Cons: "Terrible service. It’s a nightmare to fly with. And I have a baby with me that even worse to fly with Eva." Pros: "The seat was comfortable. The crew was very nice." Cons: "Keep doing the same. Cost is not always the most important." Cons: "It was lovely to have a meal but there was no beverage service. Not even water. It may have been because of the strike." Pros: "There was a decent movie collection to watch." Cons: "Seats were crammed, not enough width or legroom. Staff not that friendly. Food was alright but nothing to write home about" Pros: "EVA isn't a discount airline. Being the National Airline of Taiwan and a member of the STAR alliance, you will pay a premium price. I was originally being put in a row right behind the bulkhead with no individual monitor and a seat that was extremely cramped because of the tray table. I knew that I would be able to hang for a 13 hour flight and fortunately, the flight attendant was able to move my wife and I." Cons: "Only one current movie available. Food was bland and not very appetizing." Pros: "The 1st class treatment by the flight attendants. And the excellent meals served." Cons: "Baggage rules on itinerary didn’t match reality. Baggage 7kg was enforced, check in bags almost empty as documents & computers weigh a lot, and cant be trusted to “check-in”. If I had know we could check in four bags free it would have made a big difference. The itinerary says one each, plus one for Premier status, which adds up to three in our case. Not a happy camper. Will avoid EVA when there are other good choices. My wife had advised against EVA to begin with, check-in confirmed her advice. Crew didn’t come by much with water or juice, but they were courteous. Seat belt sign was put on when bumpy, but not turned off for the next hour or two of smooth sailing. “I told you so” was here reaction . . . ." Pros: "Excellent and responsive service from what must be the most attractive flight attendants on the planet. Seats even in basic economy are very comfortable with adequate legroom for my 250 lbs frame. Food is good with two choices and an option to customize online prior to the flight; and drinks are offered several times during the flight with numerous choices plus hot coffee and tea. Restrooms are cleaned several times during the flight and are stocked with amenities like toothbrush and paste, blindfold for sleeping, lotions etc." Cons: "Why is the flight to Asia so long? Maybe the pilot could step on the gas?" Pros: "The 777 premium economy seats are quite good" Cons: "Food was awful and service so-so. Rushed and unfriendly" Pros: "Airline serves food without charging." Cons: "Have to pay for all movies and TV shows. Too many announcements." Pros: "The flight was good" Cons: "The air hostess didn’t care we had food to eat or not. We basically starved the whole way. Never flying Hawaiian again!!" Pros: "Everything was good and as expected except the plane was not ready to leave on schedule. Everything else was the way it should have been. Good job otherwise." Cons: "Taking off and landing late" Pros: "These days it’s hard to get a complimentary drink and snack but not with Hawaiian, you will have snacks, a meal, and many beverages. The super friendly staff make the plane ride a very pleasant flight." Cons: "Most of the entertainment will cost you additional money. The seats were super uncomfortable and for a long flight, that’s not good :/. I am writing this review from the tarmac where we have been sitting for the past 40 min for a gate with no ETA in sight. This is upsetting." Cons: "Flight attendant spilled a drink on me and didnt follow up with napkins." Cons: "I received more updates on delay, gate changes and expected departure time from Kayak by text messages than from the airline. There were regular gate area updates. Passengers were not given any 'make-up' benefits for the 6-hour delay, like access to pay movies or discounted pay for snacks. I don't favor free booze. Even the meal was crappy, not that the crew could change loaded meals. Passengers felt like the delay was not big deal to the airline and crew." Pros: "Crew was good and I had a comfortable flight" Cons: "Boarding is always a mosh pit and needs to be controlled. Sandwich sucks" Pros: "Priority boarding." Cons: "Yogurt and a piece of bread as a ‘meal’ on a 6 hour flight that ended with sitting on the tarmac for 45 min waiting for a gate?" Cons: "We purchased tickets with assigned seats and when checking in we did not have assigned seats. Had to spend an additional $80 per seat to get an assigned seats." Pros: "The seats from a comfort standpoint and the flight attendants did an ok job" Cons: "Hawaiian Airlines Customer service from the bottom of the food chain up was the worst CD experience i have ever had. I had an issue and needed to get on of the reservations cancelled and get a voucher. I purchased 4 tickets but since one was in another persons name i had no jurisdiction over it according to them. They kept putting me on the line with different people in another country who had zero CS skills. Then they kept telling me that my reason doesn’t matter and that they had guidelines. And it was a pre written script because they all said the same thing. When the manager called me they basically made me feel an inch tall. Then when corporate (Hawaiian airlines) called me they told me the same thing. Basically held me hostage for my money and then sold my seat to someone else." Cons: "The crew should speak up and wait for answers before moving quickly away with beverages. Seat cushions are hard and thin. movie selections are terrible and few. worst selection ever." Pros: "The whole travel experience on Asiana is great from easy check in to great onboard crew, food and service." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Such a pleasant flight compared to the 3 other flights I had taken on this trip. The crew were friendly and food was delicious!" Pros: "Best flight I’ve ever been on!" Cons: "It had just snowed 20” in Seattle, so we had a short delay." Pros: "I'll give a more complete and less-biased review if I get it back!" Cons: "2 hour delay from Incheon to Tokyo. Messed up our travel plan a bit." Cons: "one check-in crew (female) at gate was not very nice. My mom is disabled & in her personal wheelchair. The other check-in crew members told us (5 total) to go together to board the plane then this female staff told us we can only have one family member go in with my mom (to take care of the wheelchair then assist her on the plane) next time we board the plane. Their messages are inconsistent & her attitude was uncalled for, especially when she let other disabled passengers on with their more than one family members & the other Asiana staff members told us to go in at the same time." Pros: "The crew was great and the ammentities made me feel comfortable" Pros: "We liked the service and food and had plenty of space since the flight was half empty." Cons: "Flight was 50 minutes late leaving Seattle because Asiana was waiting for a connecting flight. We still made our connection in Seoul so no problem." Pros: "The crew is great. Seats are more comfortable than other airlines. They feed you lots of food. They are my favorite airline." Cons: "Some planes don't have the foot rest. It makes a huge difference in comfort." Japan Airlines8.7 Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 Hawaiian Airlines8.1 Asiana Airlines8.2 Book cheap flights from Seattle to Tokyo Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Seattle to Tokyo found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/19Fri 1 stop 37h 10mSEA-NRT $352 Search 1/31Wed 3 stops 47h 01mSEA-NRT $356 Search 1/15Mon 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 39h 55mSEA-NRT $614 Search 4/10Wed 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 38h 50mSEA-NRT $621 Search 12/7Thu 1 stopAir Canada 17h 35mSEA-NRT $647 Search 4/9Tue 1 stopEVA Air 18h 55mSEA-NRT $693 Search 1/29Mon 1 stopEVA Air 18h 50mSEA-NRT $694 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopAir Canada 17h 15mSEA-NRT $700 Search 4/18Thu nonstopJapan Airlines 10h 55mSEA-NRT $712 Search 2/19Mon nonstopJapan Airlines 10h 30mSEA-NRT $722 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesAir CanadaEVA AirJapan Airlines Search by price$360 or less$620 or less$690 or less$700 or less$720 or less Last minute flights from Seattle to Narita Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Seattle to Tokyo that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopAir Canada 28h 20mSEA-NRT 12/11Mon multi-stopAir Canada 17h 21mNRT-SEA $869 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 34h 37mSEA-NRT 12/12Tue multi-stop 23h 43mNRT-SEA $872 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 45mSEA-NRT 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 40h 12mNRT-SEA $1,324 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 36h 50mSEA-NRT 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 20h 25mNRT-SEA $1,328 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 22h 45mSEA-NRT 12/10Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 35h 13mNRT-SEA $1,412 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 22h 45mSEA-NRT 12/5Tue multi-stopCathay Pacific 34h 38mNRT-SEA $1,420 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopEVA Air 19h 45mSEA-NRT 12/13Wed multi-stopEVA Air 22h 10mNRT-SEA $1,483 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopEVA Air 18h 50mSEA-NRT 12/11Mon multi-stopEVA Air 22h 10mNRT-SEA $1,494 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAsiana Airlines 36h 05mSEA-NRT 12/22Fri multi-stopAsiana Airlines 32h 40mNRT-SEA $1,632 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAsiana Airlines 32h 35mSEA-NRT 12/22Fri multi-stopAsiana Airlines 32h 40mNRT-SEA $1,754 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir CanadaUnited AirlinesCathay PacificEVA AirAsiana Airlines Search by price$870 or less$1,330 or less$1,420 or less$1,490 or less$1,750 or less Seattle - Tokyo Narita Airport Flights Departure: Seattle (SEA)United States Destination: Tokyo Narita Airport (NRT)Japan Return flight deals: Tokyo Narita Airport - Seattle Cabin classes: First Class flights to Tokyo Business Class flights to Tokyo $2,605 Prem Econ Class flights to Tokyo $855 Economy Class flights to Tokyo Browse origins: Flights » United States » Washington » Seattle $739Flights from Seattle to Tokyo Narita Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Japan » Tokyo » Tokyo Narita Airport $739Flights to Tokyo Narita Airport, Tokyo Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Ontario Flights to Honolulu Flights to San Diego Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Tokyo Narita Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Tokyo Narita Airport from Seattle. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Tokyo Narita Airport from Seattle. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.