Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to Orlando from $27 | (ORD - ORL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando from $27 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/19. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Orlando, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Orlando, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from O'Hare Intl to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from O'Hare Intl to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:50 am - 9:51 amORD-MCO 3h 01mnonstop 10:10 pm - 12:24 amMCO-ORD 3h 14mnonstop $52Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sat, Dec 16 5:46 pm - 9:37 pmORD-MCO 2h 51mnonstop 2:55 pm - 5:02 pmMCO-ORD 3h 07mnonstop $53Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Wed, Jan 24 5:20 am - 9:06 amORD-MCO 2h 46mnonstop 3:15 pm - 5:21 pmMCO-ORD 3h 06mnonstop $54Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Tue, Jan 23 5:50 am - 9:51 amORD-MCO 3h 01mnonstop 6:03 pm - 8:15 pmMCO-ORD 3h 12mnonstop $55Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Tue, Jan 9 7:28 pm - 11:36 pmORD-MCO 3h 08mnonstop 6:40 am - 8:56 amMCO-ORD 3h 16mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Wed, Jan 24 6:28 pm - 10:29 pmORD-MCO 3h 01mnonstop 6:40 am - 8:56 amMCO-ORD 3h 16mnonstop $60Frontier Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Fri, Jan 26 5:50 am - 9:51 amORD-MCO 3h 01mnonstop 6:45 am - 9:01 amMCO-ORD 3h 16mnonstop $61 Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Thu, Jan 11 7:28 pm - 11:36 pmORD-MCO 3h 08mnonstop 9:20 pm - 11:25 pmMCO-ORD 3h 05mnonstop $62 Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Sat, Jan 27 8:30 pm - 12:32 amORD-MCO 3h 02mnonstop 7:00 am - 9:15 amMCO-ORD 3h 15mnonstop $63Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Thu, Dec 14 5:50 am - 11:59 amORD-MCO 5h 09m1 stop 6:30 pm - 10:32 pmMCO-ORD 5h 02m1 stop $197Delta Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Wed, Jan 31 Show more results Flights from O'Hare Intl to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from O'Hare Intl to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Orlando flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Orlando. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Orlando cost $26 and was between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Orlando Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $58. What is the cheapest month to fly from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Orlando? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Orlando is January, where tickets cost $174 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are March and June, where the average cost of tickets is $289 and $260 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Orlando? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Orlando, you should book around 5 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 11 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Orlando from Chicago O'Hare Airport were found on Spirit Airlines ($27) and Frontier ($29), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($52) and Frontier ($58). Which airlines fly non-stop between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Orlando? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Orlando. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Orlando. They are: American Airlines, Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $46 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Orlando per day? Each day, there are between 8 and 14 nonstop flights that take off from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and land in Orlando, with an average flight time of 2h 46m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Orlando Airport. Each week, there are 76 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Orlando? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando take? Direct flights cover the 998 miles separating Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando in about 2h 46m. What’s the earliest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport at 5:50 am and will be landing in Orlando at 9:51 am. What’s the latest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Orlando jets off at 8:45 pm and lands at 12:28 am. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $27 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 26% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 52% increase in price. Flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando Airport When to book flights from O'Hare Intl to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from O'Hare Intl to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando flights Do I need a passport to fly between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Orlando? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando? Chicago O'Hare Airport is served by only 1 airport and there are 2 airports in Orlando. You will leave Chicago O'Hare Airport from Chicago O'Hare Intl and you will be arriving in Orlando at one of these airports: Orlando or Orlando Sanford Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando? American Airlines, Delta, Alaska Airlines, and British Airways offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando? The Airbus A321neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Orlando, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando? There are nonstop flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Chicago to Orlando, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Chicago to Orlando are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $443 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $346 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando from Chicago O'Hare Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando with an airline and back to Chicago O'Hare Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando from Chicago O'Hare Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Chicago to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $74 or less one-way and $144 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Chicago O'Hare Intl to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from O'Hare Intl to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Chicago O'Hare Intl to Orlando Search Flights Monday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Tuesday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +20 more ANA, Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Wednesday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Thursday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +20 more ANA, Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Friday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Saturday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +20 more ANA, Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Sunday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Chicago O'Hare Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +17 more ANA, Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Tuesday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Wednesday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +17 more ANA, Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Thursday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Friday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +18 more ANA, Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Saturday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Sunday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +18 more ANA, Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Chicago to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19621 reviews 79entertainment 82overall 83boarding 86crew 78food 82comfort Airline reviews Pros: "Generous portion of free snacks. Coffee, while not great, was good." Cons: "The entertainment display in my seat did not work."Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Generous portion of free snacks. Coffee, while not great, was good." Cons: "The entertainment display in my seat did not work." Pros: "Snacks and new interior on A320" Cons: "Almost 4 hour delay and no Wi-Fi. When I complained to JetBlue I received a pathetic $15 credit." Cons: "It was cold in the flight and Tvs didn’t work due to satellite coverage" Pros: "Crew was amazing. It was the pilot’s last flight before retirement, so it was fun celebrating with him and the crew. Seats were comfortable." Pros: "The crew was ok." Cons: "We wait too much, at least someone should have told the reasons for the waiting." Cons: "Absolutely perfect from departure to arrival. Our first time flying jet blue and it was incredible" Pros: "Flight was on time, extra room seats were very comfortable." Pros: "Crew handled a health situation very well. Never lost their composure." Cons: "Not having our luggage lost" Pros: "Boarding was great and on-time. Flight took a bit longer due to the weather." Cons: "Couldn't understand any of the in-flight announcements. My in-flight entertainment didn't work right." Pros: "More leg room Affordable prices Snacks dunkin donut coffee Pleasant flight attendant Punctuality" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Kosher snacks! Thank you. Screens and outlets at every seat. Safe, controlled Covid protocols including de-boarding. Excellent!" Pros: "Delta flight took extra precaution to keep all passengers safe before during and after the flight. They communicate effectively during the flight. I will be flying Delta again and again." Cons: "The trip was great" Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Pros: "Crew was nice and welcoming" Cons: "Well, if our plane had been leaving on time it would've been superb." Pros: "N/A" Cons: "Chinese Eastern did not try to help and solve my problem." Cons: "We had to wait at the customs for nearly 1.5hrs, then pick up our luggage, then check in again!!! We were running and got on the plane 10 mins before the departure. Super stressful!!" Pros: "I think they flew so fast. We could land almost on time even though we departed a hour late. Airplane was new and clean." Cons: "Boarding was chaos. They overbooked 25? 45? Anyway, they are in panic. They tried to request ppl to take next day flight by giving away 300 gift card etc. the ppl who were told there are no seats upset and arguing at the gate. Flight was delayed for one hour. Once we are on airplane, they are still shuffling seats around, so ppl cannot move forward. Just standing there for 10mins waiting for things to settle. Flight attendants did not give us a headphone. (I have a headphone for iPhone X so I could not connect it to their entertaiment system.)" Pros: "Everything went as smoothly as possible. Not a hiccup. Great price, great flight, great experience!" Pros: "I enjoyed my flight! Great movies, good food and I was comfortable. Nothing like First Class." Pros: "Onboarding was easy and smooth. The plane was clean and the seats were comfortable. WiFi easily connected, too. Much better than expected for a budget airline." Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They could’ve let us check our bags to make our flight on time." Cons: "Keep us updated on the 60 min delay to START boarding because the boards continues to say on time but we landed over 30 mins late and baggage took forever to get onto the belt." Pros: "I liked that we have entertainment in flight." Cons: "At least the option of a free snack would be nice." Cons: "$40 carry on each way, garbage. Would have bought ticket elsewhere if I knew that" Pros: "Staff was very friendly and patient despite setbacks. Really appreciate how hard the whole Sun Country crew worked." Cons: "Our flight was delayed 3 hours due to mechanical issues, which ended up having us get caught in a storm in Orlando. We ultimately de-planed 4.5 hours later than planned." Cons: "I did not like the fact that I had to pay for my luggage at check-in. What the hell was the ticket price for??" Pros: "Nothing about this flight went well. We landed in Orlando at 4am. And we’re stuck on the plane for 6 hours." Cons: "No USB ports to charge devices. No tv. No compliementary food while we waited." Pros: "The hardest part was the long TSA line in Minneapolis." Cons: "Long TSA line Minneapolis!" Pros: "It was quick and easy." Cons: "We weren’t seated together and the space is quite small." Pros: "Super friendly crew and comfy seats. Will definitely book again!" Cons: "Nothing I can think of." Cons: "Flute gate changed 35 min prior to boarding to a new gate that was a 10 min walk. That was stressful. The flight ended up being delayed 20 min as well." Cons: "The plane was broke and had to wait an hour and half did another one" Pros: "Really easy boarding and flight. Great in flight entertainment options." Pros: "Flight attendants were friendly and thoughtful." Cons: "Seating is too tight. Hard to believe that in 2019, major airlines still have seats without any electrical or UBS outlets for charging devices." Pros: "Crew was great." Cons: "Plane was about 1000 years old and I don’t think I’ve sat in a more uncomfortable seat." Cons: "I was apparently "flagged" by British Airways for extra security checks. As I understood it in London, I was randomly selected for this security check. This then apparently meant that I was to be flagged for all subsequent flights. This meant that in Chicago, after going through two other security checks that day (Zurich and London) and completing customs, I had to engage in a full Homeland security check. This involved removing protective covers from my laptop and phone that were hard to get off (not meant to be taken off regularly) and a full body search that I did not have to do in London. After many hours of traveling, this was very a frustrating experience." Pros: "Flight crew was great. The plane was half full, so the attendants allowed us to move." Cons: "Terrible landing in Charlotte. The plane was rattling and had an annoying whistle." Cons: "British Airways/American Airlines lost/delayed luggage again! Then send an email in the middle of night with a link to schedule home delivery of the luggage that was valid for 4 hours only. It is clearly an attempt to cheat out of their responsibility of home delivery of the luggage that was delayed the second time. Poor, poor service by American Airlines." Cons: "Flight was delayed for more than 4 hours with little communication from staff as to why, gate was changed to a gate across the airport." Pros: "Flight attendants were absolutely amazing!!!!! They made the trip very enjoyable!" Cons: "Food!" Pros: "Flight was on time. Boarding was hassle free as my carry on was checked for me. Mild turbulence. Smooth flight." Cons: "Drink service was later in the flight." Pros: "More leg room than the International flight. Reported may luggage missing...the rep. was excellent. Too bad I din`t get her name. According to united I will get my luggage tomorrow before noon on June 2nd 2018" Pros: "On time departure and arrivial" Cons: "I reserved a window seat and I had a middle seat." Pros: "Friendly staff. Flight was on time for departure and arrived 5 minutes early." Cons: "No complaints" Pros: "No baggage fees. No seat fees. It was almost the same price to fly first class." Pros: "-Complimentary Snack and beverage -Can pick your seats when booking -Changing Tables in restrooms -Entertainment options -Early boarding for families with small children" Cons: "-Free Soda but charged for water -Had confirmed seats but then our party with 2 toddlers got split up -Semi convenient( rather small could hardly fit a 1 year old) changing table but then flight attendants threw a fit when a stinky diaper was changed in there. -Had to have special programs on device to even play anything, thought I had everything on for return flight to watch movies but nope still needed something extra Wifi only works for United App and Website -Waiting in the shorter line to preboard with our 2 toddlers only to be cut off by a Global Travel Program(?) family with 15+ people" Pros: "The crew were very kind and attentive without being overbearing. They were helpful." Cons: "I did not like how my boarding pass for a ticket I had paid for long in advance had a 'see us' note about my seating. The counter attendent waltzed in after boarding had already started and treated the issue like it was a joke. I ended up seated in between two hot messes of people which made the flight seriously uncomfortable, there were no other options supposedly for me. There weren't even options for me to pay the outrageous pick a seat option when I was doing my preflight check in 24 hours in advance." Pros: "Loved the movies" Cons: "The flight was delayed two hours because of the arrival of the plane" Cons: "That the flight was late because the problen with the air condition and that cost me more money" JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Chicago to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Chicago to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/19Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 01mORD-MCO $27 Search 1/6Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 04mORD-MCO $28 Search 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 02mORD-MCO $29 Search 12/17Sun nonstopFrontier 3h 02mORD-MCO $30 Search 1/10Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 01mORD-MCO $31 Search 1/28Sun nonstopFrontier 3h 01mORD-MCO $34 Search 1/19Fri nonstopFrontier 3h 08mORD-MCO $35 Search 12/15Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 19mORD-MCO $114 Search 12/20Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 51mORD-MCO $129 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopDelta 4h 34mORD-MCO $134 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$30 or less$110 or less$130 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Chicago to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 04mORD-MCO 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 12mMCO-ORD $52 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 3h 02mORD-MCO 12/12Tue nonstop 3h 09mMCO-ORD $71 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 05mORD-MCO 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 09mMCO-ORD $72 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 02mORD-MCO 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 15mMCO-ORD $78 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 3h 02mORD-MCO 12/12Tue multi-stop 12h 49mMCO-ORD $92 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 05mORD-MCO 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 09mMCO-ORD $95 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 3h 02mORD-MCO 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 15mMCO-ORD $96 Search 12/2Sat nonstop 2h 53mORD-MCO 12/6Wed nonstop 3h 15mMCO-ORD $111 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 04mORD-MCO 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 12mMCO-ORD $114 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 5h 37mORD-MCO 12/6Wed multi-stopDelta 7h 38mMCO-ORD $317 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDelta Search by price$70 or less$80 or less$100 or less$110 or less$320 or less Chicago O'Hare Airport - Orlando Flights Departure: Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD)United States Return flight deals: Orlando - Chicago O'Hare Airport Cabin classes: $599 First Class flights to Orlando $636 Business Class flights to Orlando $379 Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando $58 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $51Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Orlando Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando $51Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando $316Flights to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport, Orlando Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando from Chicago O'Hare Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Orlando from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.