Cheap Flights from Boston to Rome from $211 | (BOS - ROM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW BOS - ROM Find cheap flights from Boston to Rome from $211 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/30. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Rome These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Rome. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Rome. How much is the cheapest flight from Boston to Rome?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Boston to Rome that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:25 pm - 12:15 amBOS-FCO 18h 50m1 stop 1:00 pm - 9:40 pmFCO-BOS 14h 40m1 stop $391 Find Deal Thu, Feb 8 - Tue, Feb 20 6:20 pm - 11:55 pmBOS-FCO 23h 35m1 stop 1:05 pm - 5:00 pmFCO-BOS 33h 55m1 stop $394 Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Tue, Jan 16 11:25 pm - 4:40 pmBOS-FCO 11h 15m1 stop 7:10 am - 9:40 pmFCO-BOS 20h 30m1 stop $418Vueling Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Thu, Jan 25 11:25 pm - 11:25 pmBOS-FCO 18h 00m1 stop 1:50 pm - 9:40 pmFCO-BOS 13h 50m1 stop $472Vueling Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Jan 25 10:55 pm - 11:55 pmBOS-FCO 19h 00m1 stop 7:35 pm - 2:10 pmFCO-BOS 24h 35m1 stop $489TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Sun, Jan 28 10:50 pm - 7:10 pmBOS-FCO 14h 20m1 stop 1:40 pm - 8:05 pmFCO-BOS 12h 25m1 stop $491TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Mon, Apr 22 - Wed, May 1 4:00 pm - 11:25 amBOS-FCO 13h 25m1 stop 10:25 am - 6:22 pmFCO-BOS 13h 57m1 stop $497ITA Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Wed, Jan 31 9:55 am - 6:55 amBOS-FCO 15h 00m1 stop 9:30 am - 1:05 pmFCO-BOS 9h 35mnonstop $503ITA Airways Find Deal Mon, Feb 5 - Mon, Mar 4 3:04 pm - 8:25 amBOS-FCO 11h 21m1 stop 9:30 am - 1:10 pmFCO-BOS 9h 40mnonstop $517Delta Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Sat, Dec 23 5:10 pm - 7:15 amBOS-FCO 8h 05mnonstop 10:40 am - 7:05 pmFCO-BOS 14h 25m1 stop $523Delta Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Wed, Dec 20 Show more results Flights from Boston to Rome - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Boston to Rome to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Boston to Rome flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Boston to Rome. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Boston to Rome cost $440 and was between Boston and Rome Fiumicino Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $563. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Boston to Rome? The average price of all flights from Boston to Rome clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Rome on a Monday and more expensive on a Saturday. On your return trip to Boston, you should consider flying back on a Tuesday, and avoid Saturdays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Boston to Rome? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Boston to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Boston to Rome is February, where tickets cost $699 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,416 and $1,395 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Boston to Rome? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Boston to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Boston to Rome, you should book around 3 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 24 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Boston to Rome? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Vueling offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $211. KAYAK users also found Boston to Rome round-trip flights on Icelandair from $415 and on Vueling from $418. Which airlines fly non-stop between Boston and Rome? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Boston to Rome. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Boston to Rome. They are Delta and ITA Airways. The cheapest airline for this route is Delta, with the best one-way deal found costing $597. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at ITA Airways. How many flights are there between Boston and Rome per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 2 nonstop flights that take off from Boston and land in Rome, with an average flight time of 8h 00m. The most common departure time is 5:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon, while the most flights land at Rome Fiumicino Airport. Each week, there are 6 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 33% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Boston and Rome? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Boston to Rome take? The average nonstop flight takes 7h 50m, covering a distance of 4,086 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Boston to Rome? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Boston at 5:10 pm and will be landing in Rome at 7:15 am. What’s the latest departure time from Boston to Rome? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Boston to Rome jets off at 5:25 pm and lands at 7:15 am. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $211 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 27% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 37% increase in price. Flight from Boston to Rome Fiumicino Airport When to book flights from Boston to Rome Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Boston to Rome based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Boston to Rome Which Rome airport is the closest or most convenient to visit the Colosseum? There are two airports serving the city of Rome, Rome Ciampino (CIA) and Rome Fiumicino (FCO). Rome Ciampino Airport is closer in distance to the iconic Colosseum, just about 10 miles (16 km) away, while Rome Fiumicino Airport is closer to 20 miles (32 km) away. Nonetheless, the latter is better connected and it ends up taking more or less the same time to get from either airport to the Colosseum, around 40-50 minutes. Is there anywhere I can store my luggage at Rome Fiumicino Airport? Yes, if you don’t wish to carry all your luggage around Rome while you explore, when arriving at Rome Fiumicino Leonardo da Vinci Airport (FCO) there is luggage storage. This storage service is located in the international arrivals hall of Terminal 3. You can expect to pay around €10 ($10.70) per 24 hours. Is there public transportation from Rome Ciampino into the city center? Yes, various transportation methods take you into the city center from Rome Ciampino Airport (CIA). The most affordable option for those traveling on a budget is most likely the SIT Shuttle Bus. It takes about 40 minutes to get to the central Roma Termini Station and you can expect to pay more or less €6 ($6.45). Are there accessible services available for travelers arriving at Rome Fiumicino Airport? Before your travels to Rome Fiumicino Airport (FCO), book any special assistance you may need by contacting the airline you’ll be traveling with. There are services such as available mobility devices, as well as assistance getting from your gate through the terminal. The airport is equipped with accessible restrooms, ramps, and elevators. It’s also possible to request help for hidden disabilities by contacting ADR Assistance. This would entail support in the preparation and preliminary stages of traveling by plane with autism. Can I rent a car at Rome Fiumicino Airport (FCO)? If you’re thinking about renting a car at Rome Fiumicino Airport (FCO), you’ll be pleased that all the major car-rental companies offer service at this airport. The rental desks are located in Office Tower 2, and the area is easy to access via pedestrian tunnels that connect the terminals to the multilevel parking structure. Are there any nonstop flights from Boston to Rome? While it’s unfortunate that you will not find any nonstop flights between these two major cities, there are various great one-stop options to get you from Boston to Rome. TAP Air Portugal, Lufthansa, and Delta Air Lines all offer one-stop flights to Rome Fiumicino Airport (FCO). Is there a hotel that’s close to Rome’s Ciampino International Airport? The Hotel Palacavicchi is just a few minutes from the Ciampino airport and offers features like express check-in, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and a business center. There is a round-trip airport shuttle that’s available for travelers’ convenience. Is there any public transportation to get to Boston Logan Airport (BOS) from downtown Boston? One of the most economical and fastest ways to get from downtown Boston to the airport is on the Blue Line subway. This train has service from several locations in the Boston area, including downtown, and the train runs from about 6am until about 12.30am each day. The cost to ride the train is around $3 for each one-way trip. Do I need a passport to fly between Boston and Rome? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Boston and on arrival in Rome. Which airports will I be using when flying from Boston to Rome? On your way to Rome, you’ll fly out from Boston Logan Intl. You’ll be landing in one of Rome’s 2 airports: Rome Ciampino or Rome Fiumicino. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Boston to Rome? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Boston to Rome flight route: Delta, Air France, KLM, Alaska Airlines, Iberia, Lufthansa, American Airlines, British Airways, and WestJet Encore. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Boston to Rome? The Airbus A330-900neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Boston to Rome flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Boston to Rome? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Boston and Rome. On which days can I fly direct from Boston to Rome? You can catch a nonstop flight from Boston to Rome on on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from Boston to Rome, SWISS or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Boston to Rome are SWISS and Delta. With an average price for the route of $1,084 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,377 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Boston to Rome? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Boston to Rome. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Boston to Rome? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Rome from Boston is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Boston to Rome? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Rome with an airline and back to Boston with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Boston to Rome? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Rome from Boston up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Boston to Rome Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $589 or less one-way and $668 or less round-trip. The main arrival airport for flights landing in Rome from Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) is the city’s largest hub serving the capital city, Rome Fiumicino Leonardo da Vinci Airport (FCO). When flying from Boston Logan International Airport to Rome you will most likely have a layover, even though there are some existing nonstop routes. The layover airport depends on the airline you choose to fly with. For instance, with Lufthansa, you will stop in Frankfurt, and on Aer Lingus, you will most likely stop in Dublin. If you’re a mother traveling with babies or young infants out of Boston Logan International Airport, enjoy some time and privacy with them in one of the nursing pods or rooms throughout the airport. You’ll find MAMAVA nursing pods or standard nursing rooms on the second floor of Terminals A, B, and C, and on the third floor of Terminal E. Traveling with children can be difficult, especially before long-distance flights. At Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) there are KidPort playgrounds in each terminal where they can run around and release some of that energy while you wait for your flight to Rome. If you’re traveling out of Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) with your pet, visit one of the various pet relief areas before boarding your flight for them to stretch their legs and relieve themselves. There’s at least one in each terminal, in the departure halls. If you have a disability, you'll be happy to know that Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) has several features to assist travelers with disabilities. These include things like accessible restrooms located in all the terminal buildings, as well as ramps to allow access to all levels of the terminals. If you’ve just landed at Ciampino International Airport (CIA) and realized that you’ve forgotten something for your trip, you can visit Aelia Duty Free or WH Smith for a wide variety of travel accessories and other products. One of the unique features of Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) is their public art program they've created to enhance travelers’ experience while at the airport. The collection reflects the diversity of not only the city of Boston, but the entire New England region. This program is a combination of permanent installations as well as community art that’s rotated through the airport at regular intervals. If you’d like more information about what is currently on display, you can visit the Massport Information Booths located on the lower levels of each terminal building. If you’ve just landed at Ciampino International Airport and need to make a currency exchange, you’ll find their currency exchange in the Arrivals hall. The booth is open seven days a week, normally from 8am until 9pm. If you're looking for a great way to get to Rome’s city center from Rome Fiumicino Airport, the COTRAL bus is a noteworthy option. The bus makes stops at the Arrivals level of Terminal 2 and offers service to several locations in Rome, including the Rome Tiburtina Railway Station, which is a hub for several trains that travel throughout Italy. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Boston Logan Intl to Rome? Find which airlines fly direct from Logan Intl to Rome, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Boston Logan Intl to Rome Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, Etihad Airways, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Wednesday Air France, Delta, KLM Air France, Delta, +1 more Friday Air France, Delta, Etihad Airways, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Sunday Air France, Delta, Etihad Airways, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Rome to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, Etihad Airways, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Air France, Delta, Etihad Airways, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Air France, Delta, KLM Air France, Delta, +1 more Friday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Saturday Air France, Delta, Etihad Airways, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Boston to Rome See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Boston to Rome. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Boston to Rome? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9112 reviews 82boarding 86crew 78comfort 79food 82overall 77entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Entertainment didn’t work, the crew did nothing to help. The plane was hot and stuffy. My luggage is lost."Read more about SWISS Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Entertainment didn’t work, the crew did nothing to help. The plane was hot and stuffy. My luggage is lost." Pros: "The crew service was very good, as was the food. The only complain is about the entertainment, hope to update the touch screen." Cons: "I asked the Chinese flight attendant in economy to please ask the man in front of me to put his seat up since the captain and purser had already asked us to do so in three languages The man in front of me refused to do so. She said she was going to start at the front of the plane and let him leave his seat back making it difficult to see my tv monitor. I thought that she should’ve said that it was time to put your seat up. It was frustrating that she didn’t support me and the request of the captain. Your seats are very uncomfortable upright when the person in front of you has their seat back." Pros: "On time; smooth boarding process; lights dimmed for a reasonably long time." Cons: "NO legroom on the Zurich to Dusseldorf flight." Pros: "On time arrival" Cons: "Boston -Zurich, the most uncomfortable seat possible. I am 5’2 and I barely fit.... Seats are way more comfortable on European flights." Cons: "The temperature on this overnight flight was sweltering Legroom was poor" Pros: "We were pleasantly surprised at how good the food was! An added bonus was the chocolate they gave us. Crew was professional and courteous." Pros: "The staff upgraded me to business. It was a great wxperience" Pros: "There were good entertainment options though I didn’t use them" Cons: "Our flight was delayed 2.5 hours, during which we had boarded but were told we could not leave our seats even for the bathroom. We were offered a cup of water once during this delay which is inexcusable. (We were also woken up to serve dinner at 1am so that was incredibly inconvenient for an overnight flight) On top of that, I, as well as many others missed our connecting flight. Personally I missed my connection by 20 minutes, which seems a reasonable amount of time to hold a connecting flight with so many people from our flight on that next one. In missing by only 20 minutes, we have lost an entire day of our trip and are spending 9! hours in the airport today. There was no communication between flights clearly. Despite there being an earlier flight we could’ve been placed on after missing our connection - we did not get booked on this flight. I asked why and they just randomly placed people on random flights with no regard for when we showed at the desk. In this scenario, a first come first serve would have alleviated an absolutely awful experience. I will never fly Swiss Air again and will urge people I know to not fly this airline. The experience was extremely frustrating, the best response from an employee was “that’s all I can do for you” and I wish it on no one." Pros: "The planes are clean and relatively comfortable." Cons: "Extremely rigid rules. My flight was the day of the blizzard in Boston, Tues, 3/13. Despite 5 calls to Swiss to reroute me out of Montreal, an airport I could actually get to, they would not relent. I finally just drove there and a really nice agent changed my flight since Logan was closed and all public transport was shut down. Even if my scheduled flight from boston wasn't canceled (I have no idea) they were incredibly unhelpful about the fact that I physically could not get to logan in time for my flight. (Mass DOT was asking everyone to stay off ALL roads). THEN on the way home, they would NOT let me fly back to Montreal where my car was!! WAY TOO RIGID RULES. Screw the customer!" Pros: "The crew was great. The pilots too." Cons: "The audio and video at my seat did not work correctly." Cons: "Nothing, really. Airlines unfortunately can’t make people patient or polite, & I can’t afford a private jet, so I’ll have to settle for an eye roll or twelve." Cons: "During this trip all my flights got delayed and I was told that I could not get a hotel room and had to pay for myself." Pros: "The crew was very friendly. The plane was very quiet (except for noisy crying babies)." Cons: "Unless you can afford the higher priced "comfort class" or first class seats, the seating is very, very cramped on Delta's 757s. It's a good thing the flight was only 5+ hours (but that's not long enough to get any decent amount of sleep on this flight scheduled as a redeye)." Pros: "The only thing I liked about the experience and flight was the Delta Sky Club" Cons: "Everything" Pros: "Seat was hard, not much foot space" Cons: "My wife and Iasked for a snack, it was never delivered" Pros: "Seating was fine" Cons: "Did not have a wheelchair waiting for my wife when we arrived in LAX" Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "An hour and a half late, terrible communication about scheduling" Pros: "nice crew" Cons: "terrible seat comfort, late departure due to airline’s booking problems" Pros: "Early warning about little overhead compartment baggage space. Short flight made shorter in air." Cons: "No enough carry on baggage space" Pros: "good people /service, good food and comfortable seating nice experience all in all" Pros: "Turkish Airlines offers an experience much better than your average two-hour plane hop in the U.S. There was a full meal served, staff were kind and didn’t try to sell a bunch of extra stuff to you, and there were many choices for in-flight entertainment." Cons: "Unfortunately, the children on the plane were really poorly behaved and loud. In addition, the flight was delayed by 1 full hour and when we arrived in Vienna our luggage (and the luggage of many other passengers) had not been sent with us. We waited in line for luggage for 30 minutes, then another line for at least 30 more minutes to report the missing bag, and we were then told that it wouldn’t arrive for another day and would be delivered to us within a 3 hour window in the middle of the day. This was essentially an entire night and day lost to a mishap that the airline didn’t even notify us of when we landed. Pretty frustrating." Pros: "The crew are very friendly and in general and the flight was very nice" Cons: "Need to have a bigger seats" Pros: "The hot stewardess. She not only was gorgeous she smelled fantastic. What a treat to look at! Hire more beautiful women. Fire the fat ones." Cons: "No where to stash my legs. Why bother to have feet, knees and legs while flying. While flying economy class, airlines should require amputation of legs at the hip. You should just do it because at the end of a long flight your legs will fall off anyhow. They will be rotten and full of ganggreene from no blood flow." Pros: "Seat space continued to be better than BA. Nice surprise to get an evening meal on the last leg to Rome. I actually was able to sleep a bit on this smaller airplane as well. Crew went out of its way to help people board and load bags overhead. They seemed very attentive, and tried to provide extra drink options even." Cons: "Boarding process at IST was a challenge. We left from a remote gate, and the agent didn't seem interested in the boarding process. I heard no announcements, maybe because it didn't matter as everyone was crowding the door 15 minutes before boarding began. The agent seemed perturbed, but I've seen it on almost every Italian bound flight. No one wants to wait. It is actually a bit amusing to watch the struggle between boarding policies and a group of people who seem determined to ignore them. The buses were also pretty well packed. More so in Rome than IST. Not much organization in loading at either place. After all the passport control they left us to walk outside to wait for the bus. Maybe you can tell I'm not a fan of remote gates." Pros: "Everyone we encountered was friendly and helpful. They fed us and gave us blankets and pillows and slippers. They were lots of movie and tv choices. It was a very pleasant experience." Pros: "Turkish Airlins is so wonderful, and I really appreciate being treated like a human being at IST (unlike Schipol, De Gaulle, other airports to connect at around Europe)." Pros: "Boarding was smooth. Staff friendly. Great selection of movies." Cons: "Dinner was really poor experience. However I guess it is a matter of taste (pun intended)." Pros: "Pleasant, very standard flight, arrived safely." Cons: "Flight time left origin very very late at night, would suggest to leave earlier in the day" Pros: "Lots of in flight entertainment options. Good meals. Very nice and helpful attendants." All and all pretty good. It’s crowded but that is what flying is all about. But no complaints otherwise. Cons: "Seats in economy section are very close together . There is not enough room for knees...especially for such a long trip." Pros: "The crew was amazing, flight on schedule and good entertainment." Cons: "Space is just reasonable on a long flight, even if there's seats more spacious that you could choose if you pay more." Pros: "The crew was great. The soecial meal request was hadled well despite oversight." Cons: "Soecial meal request was made in advance but overlooked. Did not mind it so much as eating less is not a bad idea! To err is human." Pros: "One crew member was very good but all were not very available or checking on people. I had a seat that I purchased and it was very hard to recline I only found out that it did if fact recline it the last hour to hour and a half of the trip! It was a difficult push back to get it to recline" Cons: "If I knew how to recline my seat earlier. I did try several times" Cons: "We were changed from KLM to Airiltalia without any information sent so only because I tried to check in did I find out the flight on KLM was cancelled and we were changed to Airitalia. The Airitalia flight was very mediocre." Cons: "I bought tickets thrue you for me two months ago Iit went well but on the last few days I also bought ticked for my brother and his wife and it was a disaster night mare for them bound for Montpellier too to attend a wedding the damn suitcase didn’t get to final destination it was at Orlando but got" Pros: "The crew was amazing and the food was great." Cons: "Something did not go right with our booking so it took some work for the airline to get it figured out for us. Thankfully we had left plenty of time. But that was an unexpected stress." Pros: "Service was great as usual. Food was very good and entertainment options were great so you won't have to be bored throughout the trip." Pros: "The flight started with a visit in the recently renovated KLM crown lounge in Amsterdam airport. I liked the various seating options and of course the upstairs bar. The service on board was attentive and efficient, the food options I really liked (especially the Chinese dish) but also the little touches like the nuts & gouda cheese which were served in small porcelain bowls. The seat itself was very comfortable when sitting and the structure gives a lot of privacy. However for couples or friends travelling it's a bit cumbersome to have a conversation even when sitting in seats next to each other. Overall my expectations were fulfilled." Cons: "This seat is not ideal for sleeping for taller persons (I'm 185cm tall) as the space to put the feet is very narrow and it's uncomfortable when lying on the back (as one cannot put them in the natural resting position). Cabin temperature could have been a bit lower for my taste. Crew needs better training with regards to transfer procedure in Chengdu." Pros: "I enjoying having an aisle seat plus two empty seats next to me. I appreciated that you are conserving plastic cups. Keep up the conservation!" Cons: "All of our luggage was lost and did not arrive in Prague" Cons: "Tv screen didn’t work very well. ( picture was fine but the function buttons were terrible)." Pros: "Friendly staff. Free drink and snack. Comfy seats and very easy boarding process" Pros: "The flight attendants were wonderful." Cons: "You take a bus to reach the plane and the seats are uncomfortable without any entertainment systems. Thankfully the flight was only 1.5 hours." Pros: "I have never been treated so poorly by counter people in my life!" Cons: "After 2 hour delay, the flight was cancelled. NO ONE helped to find another flight. After waiting in line for 2 hours, the ticket agent handed me a card and said I had to call the 800 number. The person on the phone said I had to talk to ticket agent to go standby on a flight to Munich and the ticket agent told me I had to call. I was caught in a loop and no one helped. Then when it became apparent I wasn't getting out that night I was informed that there were no hotel vouchers and I would have to find my own hotel! After searching for an hour for a hotel (all were sold out in Boston) I called a friend who lives outside of Boston. No one gave me a taxi voucher because it was not to a hotel. LUFTHANSA customer service is the WORST!!!!!!!!" Pros: "Cuteous service" Cons: "Seats were to close together, nomlegroom, impossible when set in front reclined. Breakfast food meager." Cons: "Passport control in Frankfurt was slow, very long linen under staffed" Pros: "The staff was friendly and professional" Cons: "The seats were too cramped, no chance to sleep on an overnight flight. In fact my back was quite sore from being cramped in the seat with no leg room and no under seat room for a small backpack. I’m only 5’2”" Pros: "The cabin crew was very friendly and professional. The food was good too. The flight was right on time." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from Boston to Rome Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Boston to Rome found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/30Tue 1 stopVueling 30h 05mBOS-FCO $211 Search 3/26Tue 1 stop 15h 25mBOS-FCO $216 Search 1/9Tue 2 stops 28h 00mBOS-CIA $218 Search 2/5Mon 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 11h 15mBOS-FCO $414 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopAer Lingus 10h 45mBOS-FCO $433 Search 5/20Mon 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 11h 55mBOS-FCO $455 Search 1/1Mon nonstopITA Airways 7h 50mBOS-FCO $581 Search 1/3Wed 1 stopITA Airways 18h 45mBOS-FCO $593 Search 5/16Thu 1 stopAer Lingus 31h 00mBOS-FCO $697 Search 4/12Fri nonstopDelta 8h 15mBOS-FCO $1,057 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineVuelingTAP AIR PORTUGALAer LingusITA AirwaysDelta Search by price$220 or less$410 or less$460 or less$590 or less$1,060 or less Last minute flights from Boston to Rome Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Boston to Rome that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stop 19h 45mBOS-FCO 1/30Tue multi-stop 33h 55mFCO-BOS $437 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 33h 50mBOS-FCO 12/5Tue multi-stop 33h 55mFCO-BOS $440 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopITA Airways 13h 24mBOS-FCO 12/11Mon multi-stopITA Airways 19h 34mFCO-BOS $497 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAir France 11h 20mBOS-FCO 12/7Thu nonstopAir France 9h 40mFCO-BOS $500 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAir France 8h 05mBOS-FCO 12/7Thu nonstopAir France 9h 40mFCO-BOS $503 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 11h 15mBOS-FCO 1/30Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 24h 35mFCO-BOS $603 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 23h 55mBOS-FCO 12/6Wed multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 27h 25mFCO-BOS $654 Search 12/1Fri nonstopITA Airways 7h 50mBOS-FCO 1/8Mon nonstopITA Airways 9h 35mFCO-BOS $1,201 Search 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 8h 05mBOS-FCO 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 9h 40mFCO-BOS $3,212 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 11h 20mBOS-FCO 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 9h 40mFCO-BOS $3,216 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineITA AirwaysAir FranceTAP AIR PORTUGALDelta Search by price$440 or less$500 or less$600 or less$1,200 or less$3,220 or less Boston - Rome Flights Departure: Boston (BOS)United States Return flight deals: Rome - Boston Cabin classes: First Class flights to Rome $2,563 Business Class flights to Rome $1,651 Prem Econ Class flights to Rome $563 Economy Class flights to Rome Browse origins: Flights » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $356Flights from Boston to Rome Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Italy » Rome $535Flights to Rome Ciampino Airport, Rome $356Flights to Rome Fiumicino Airport, Rome Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Fort Myers Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Rome flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Rome from Boston. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Rome from Boston. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.