Cheap Flights from Miami to New York from $29 | (MIA - NYC) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MIA - NYC Find cheap flights from Miami to New York from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/17. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to New York These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to New York. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to New York. How much is the cheapest flight from Miami to New York?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Miami to New York that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:25 am - 2:32 pmMIA-EWR 3h 07mnonstop 8:25 am - 11:41 amEWR-MIA 3h 16mnonstop $55Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Wed, Jan 17 11:25 am - 2:32 pmMIA-EWR 3h 07mnonstop 8:25 am - 11:41 amEWR-MIA 3h 16mnonstop $58Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Wed, Jan 31 7:02 pm - 10:10 pmMIA-LGA 3h 08mnonstop 11:03 pm - 2:20 amLGA-MIA 3h 17mnonstop $62Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Mon, Jan 8 6:50 pm - 10:00 pmMIA-LGA 3h 10mnonstop 11:03 pm - 2:20 amLGA-MIA 3h 17mnonstop $64Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Mon, Jan 8 7:05 am - 10:03 amMIA-JFK 2h 58mnonstop 5:00 pm - 8:18 pmJFK-MIA 3h 18mnonstop $128Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 7:05 am - 10:03 amMIA-JFK 2h 58mnonstop 9:30 am - 12:40 pmJFK-MIA 3h 10mnonstop $133Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Mon, Jan 15 6:53 pm - 9:54 pmMIA-JFK 3h 01mnonstop 6:00 am - 9:05 amJFK-MIA 3h 05mnonstop $138JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Mon, Jan 15 9:25 am - 12:20 pmMIA-JFK 2h 55mnonstop 3:30 pm - 6:40 pmJFK-MIA 3h 10mnonstop $153American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Jan 18 8:27 am - 11:30 amMIA-JFK 3h 03mnonstop 5:29 pm - 8:46 pmJFK-MIA 3h 17mnonstop $155American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sat, Jan 13 7:24 pm - 10:29 pmMIA-JFK 3h 05mnonstop 3:59 pm - 7:12 pmJFK-MIA 3h 13mnonstop $158JetBlue Find Deal Sat, Dec 23 - Wed, Jan 3 Show more results Flights from Miami to New York - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Miami to New York to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Miami to New York flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Miami to New York. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Miami to New York cost $40 and was between Miami and Newark Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $61. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Miami to New York? The average price of all flights from Miami to New York clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to New York on a Wednesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from Miami to New York. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Tuesday and avoiding Fridays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Miami to New York? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Miami to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Miami to New York is September, where tickets cost $146 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $208 and $200 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Miami to New York? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Miami to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Miami to New York, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 58 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Miami to New York? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Miami to New York were found on Spirit Airlines ($55) and Frontier ($62). Frontier proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $29. Which airlines fly most frequently between Miami and New York? In normal times, American Airlines flies from Miami to New York up to 17 times per day, Delta up to 8 times per day, and Spirit Airlines up to 4 times per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Miami and New York? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Miami to New York. There are 6 airlines that fly nonstop from Miami to New York. They are: American Airlines, Delta, Frontier, JetBlue, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $39 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Miami and New York per day? Each day, there are between 32 and 44 nonstop flights that take off from Miami and land in New York, with an average flight time of 3h 04m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at New York LaGuardia Airport. Each week, there are 256 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Miami and New York? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Miami to New York take? Direct flights take on average 2h 58m to travel the 1,094 miles between Miami and New York. What’s the earliest departure time from Miami to New York? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Miami at 6:15 am and will be landing in New York at 9:19 am. What’s the latest departure time from Miami to New York? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Miami to New York jets off at 9:30 pm and lands at 12:23 am. Good to know Low season October High season December Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 19% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 15% increase in price. Flight from Miami to New York LaGuardia Airport When to book flights from Miami to New York Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Miami to New York based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Miami to New York Are there any hotels at John F. Kennedy International Airport? If your flight is scheduled for late arrival in New York, consider booking an overnight stay at JFK's TWA hotel. It is within the airport in Terminal 5 and is easily accessible from all Terminals via the Air Train. It offers standard rooms and day rooms with access to an outdoor pool, business center, and bars within the airport. Which airlines offer eco-friendly flights from Miami to New York? 870 kg is the average amount of carbon emitted per passenger on flights from Miami to New York. However, JetBlue, American Airlines, and United Airlines offer some of the most eco-friendly flights from Miami to New York. They operate nonstop flights on this route and emit about 32%, 33%, and 34% less carbon, respectively. If you want to fly more sustainably, prioritize nonstop flights from these airlines or fly with modern aircraft. What are the accessible services offered at Miami International Airport? MIA is an accessible airport, with many interventions to ensure that special needs passengers traveling through the airport access all its amenities and services. Wheelchair assistance is available for passengers with reduced mobility, and you can ask for this service from your airline. Low-sighted or blind passengers can use the Aira airport network to get navigation assistance within the airport. Additionally, MIA provides accessible restrooms, a designated disabled parking lot, and TTY/TDD phones. What are the layover options for Miami to New York flights? Several airlines provide nonstop flight deals to New York City from Miami. Flights with one or two stops en route are also available. Depending on your airline and departure airport, these flights have layovers in different airports. However, most airlines flying from MIA to JFK have common stops in Washington, Chicago, Boston, Charlotte, and Raleigh. What is the quickest way to get from South Beach to the Miami Airport? The Miami Beach Airport Express costs around $2.25. Riders can travel in comfort on a 40-foot bus that comes with plenty of space for your baggage. The bus runs every 30 minutes and provides more frequent trips during peak times. There are buses running every day of the week and the line runs between the Miami International Airport and South Beach. Is there public transportation to Miami Airport? The Miami Transit Metrorail Trains depart every 30 minutes on weekdays, with more frequent service on the weekends -- every 15 minutes. For less than $3 each way, visitors that are headed out-of-town on flights from Miami to New York can forget traffic jams and overflowing parking lots and ride in comfort and convenience to the airport. If I am taking my dog on the trip, are there any pet relief stations at Miami Airport? Miami Airport offers pet relief areas that are enclosed units that include disposable bags, sinks, synthetic grass, and a fire hydrant. The areas are located post-security in Concourse D, F, G, and J. There are also outdoor areas available on the arrival level in Concourse D, E, and J. Where are the smoking areas at the Miami Airport? There is no smoking inside any of the terminal buildings. There are designated smoking areas found on both levels adjacent to the terminal building, however. Do I need a passport to fly between Miami and New York? A passport is not required to fly from Miami to New York. Which airports will I be using when flying from Miami to New York? When flying out of Miami you will be using Miami. You will be landing at one of these airports: Newark, New York John F Kennedy Intl, or New York LaGuardia. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Miami to New York? American Airlines, Spirit Airlines, JetBlue, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Miami to New York flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Miami to New York? The Boeing 737-800 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Miami to New York flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Miami to New York? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Miami and New York, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Miami to New York? There are nonstop flights from Miami to New York on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Miami to New York, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Miami to New York are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $336 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $217 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Miami to New York? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Miami to New York. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Miami to New York? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to New York from Miami is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Miami to New York? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to New York with an airline and back to Miami with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Miami to New York? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to New York from Miami up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Miami to New York Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $103 or less one-way and $121 or less round-trip. Consider flying into John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) if you want to catch a connecting flight to other cities or countries. JFK offers a range of flight options and connections to other countries of the three New York airports. It is also easily accessible via the subway's E Lines and Air Train. Consider booking your flight ticket from Miami to LaGuardia Airport (LGA) if your destination is Manhattan. LGA is conveniently close to Downtown New York City, and transit within is easy as it is not as busy as the other two. Taxis, airport shuttles, and public buses are also available to offer transit from the airport. For mothers looking for a private space to nurse their kids, Miami International Airport (MIA) offers Mamava nursing suites. The nursing suites are located post-security on each Concourse in MIA and offer a changing station, power outlets, sink, and seating bench. Passengers traveling through MIA have full access to banking services at the Bank of America branch on Level 4 in Terminal D. ATMs are available on Level 2 in Terminal D, Level 1 in Terminals E and J, and all concourses post-security. Western Union operates a currency exchange booth on the 2nd Level of the Central Terminal E. Gadget-toting passengers traveling through Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) can utilize the free charging stations at the airport. EWR offers about 50 four-outlet charging stations spread through Terminals A, B, and C. If the kids are joining you on the flight from Miami to New York, spend some time before your trip at Plane Fun. This kid-centric adventure is a unique, interactive children's area located in Concourse E near Gate E5 and is accessible from Concourse D as well. If you have a very early flight from Miami to New York and you want to avoid the early morning hassle and start your vacation a day early, why not spend the night at the MIA Hotel? This hotel is inside the airport terminal, on concourse E, at the Departures level. Hotel guests have direct access to the departure concourses, airline ticket counters, restaurants, public transportation, and the rental car center. MIA Hotel features sleek and modern accommodations that create a warm and inviting atmosphere. Room service and baggage service is available, and there is complimentary WiFi on the property. Looking for a tall one before your flight from Miami to New York? Look no further than the Budweiser Brew House, which has locations in Terminals F, G, and H. The Budweiser Brew House features ice-cold Budweiser on draft, signature Bloody Marys, plus a wide assortment of drinks from their full bar. The Budweiser Brew House also offers a full slate of great appetizers as well. For the fashion-conscious traveler, Miami Airport offers a Hugo Boss store located in the South Terminal in the H and J terminal connector. One of the premier names in men's fashion, here you will find a vast selection of fragrances, slacks, shirts, shoes, and watches. Hit New York in style by getting outfitted at Hugo Boss. After your long flight from Miami to New York why spend an eternity in traffic getting to Manhattan. Gotham Air is the ride-share equivalent of New York helicopter transfers. First-time riders can get to Manhattan from John F. Kennedy Intl. in just 6 minutes for around $99. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Miami to New York? Find which airlines fly direct from Miami to New York, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Miami to New York Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, American Airlines, +26 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +27 more 25 26 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Serbia, +26 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +27 more 25 26 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, American Airlines, +26 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +27 more 25 26 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Serbia, +26 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +27 more 25 26 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Serbia, +27 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +28 more 26 27 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, American Airlines, +26 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +27 more 25 26 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Serbia, +27 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +28 more 26 27 See more direct flights Nonstop returns New York to Miami Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, American Airlines, +25 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +26 more 24 25 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Serbia, +26 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +27 more 25 26 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, American Airlines, +24 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +25 more 23 24 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Serbia, +25 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +26 more 24 25 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Serbia, +26 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +27 more 25 26 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, American Airlines, +25 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +26 more 24 25 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Serbia, +26 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +27 more 25 26 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Miami to New York See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Miami to New York. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Miami to New York? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 82comfort 85boarding 79food 78entertainment 88crew 85overall Airline reviews Cons: "The inflight system was hard to use. The rented iPads had to be given back almost an hour before the end of the flight."Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "The inflight system was hard to use. The rented iPads had to be given back almost an hour before the end of the flight." Pros: "Andrew and James the flight attendants were fantastic. The flight crew was great. Very smooth flight." Pros: "Everything was superb! The airline I prefer did a great job! The seats, the food selections, the staff - everything!" Cons: "Nothing. Everything was just perfect!" Pros: "The plane was clean and the ticket was cheap." Cons: "Boarding process was needlessly complicated — just assign everybody a seat beforehand. Gate agents were rude. Seats are very uncomfortable and it’s difficult to sleep on red eyes. It should be prohibited to fly 737s cross-country." Pros: "The crew was very happy and welcoming." Cons: "We were late and I missed my flight. I was told Flt 452 from LAX to JFK is notoriously late. Also, there could have been more updates about our delayed arrival." Pros: "I just really like the customer experience with Alaska. I dislike flying, but Alaska makes things as painless as possible." Cons: "I don't think anything could've been better, it's not possible to be comfortable in coach, but we all already know that." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Should have let me cancel, or gave me credit for another flight, my schedule changers and I asked 2 months in advance, they could care less" Pros: "Crew very helpful especially considering I had a child with me. Boarding process was very easy. Departure process was very easy." Cons: "Food and seating could have been better considering the price for first class." Pros: "Fast boarding, nice crew, good flight!" Cons: "I know it was a late night flight but I expected more than just a little cookie and 1 drink for 5 hours and a half. The seats were fine but could be more comfortable." Pros: "Crew is always lovely on these flights. attentive and courteous." Cons: "I got bumped to first class. Which sounds amazing, until you realize it’s the worst first class you’ve ever experienced." Cons: "WiFi didn’t work well, tv had to be reset" Pros: "Complimentary snacks and drinks." Cons: "Broken seat back, broken tray table, audio input didn't work." Pros: "Crew was nice, and pilot was helpful and got us there early." Cons: "My screen for movies didn’t work, and the level of comfort was... almost none. I would’ve upgraded to more room, but for $55? When I’m already checking a bag for $30? On top of flight price? Too high, expected JetBlue to not jam pack all the seats like the exit aisle.... for long flights, not again." Pros: "Crew members" Cons: "K, my seat couldn’t recline-both ways. Tv- audio system was messed up on the way back." Pros: "This time within the last couple months the trip a lot better." Cons: "Newer plane with less issues. Wasn’t comfortable at all and should be cleaner." Cons: "Entertainment System wasn’t working properly. Movies were down as were many of the channels. Although a disappointment, JetBlue is still amazing!" Pros: "A good seat And punctuality" Cons: "The crew wasn’t helpful in anything. They were scaring us with their behaviour. very nervous specially the only man in the crew. They didn’t attend us because something could happen. Nothing happened. Some turbulence. That’s it" Cons: "My flight was delayed by 3 hours both on the way there and back" Cons: "The TV plug fed out static volume and the TV worked randomly .. The Afro American flight attended gave a nasty attitude and didnt allow me to completely request my order as if she was in a rush" The plane looks and feels like we are traveling in a 3rd world country airplane. Dirty bathrooms, horrible food, old and uncomfortable setting, my son’s little table was broken, the chair would stay recline, an so on. Pros: "The crew was very friendly and it was a day fast flight." Cons: "No back of seat entertainment." Pros: "The boarding was great and moved very well. The crew super friendly and helpful." Cons: "More information on how to use the complimentary Wifi in the cabin. I had the app and it helped me but it’s not immediately in front of you so the passenger can decide. You guys offer WiFi in packages and most of the other airlines do not." Cons: "Flight delayed 3 hours, then a seats were very cramped and uncomfortable" Pros: "Crew and entertainment options were great. Aircraft was new. Boarding was smooth. On time even though we left 30 min late." Cons: "The internet was hard to connect to and the gogo options aren’t totally clear." Pros: "The crew is always smiling and ready to help you and I really like that." Pros: "There was an incredibly large passenger next to me and I was essentially afforded only a quarter of my seat. It is not really fair for anyone to have to sit next to someone taking up twice their seat." Pros: "I loved being upgraded to first class and the crew was so attentive." Cons: "Nothing, glad this was a better experience than the trip to Miami." Pros: "I fly a lot, and I am very impressed with the level of consistency that Delta has offered the last couple of months. This flight didn’t disappoint. The crew was particularly friendly" Cons: "Nothing I can think of-10/10" Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Cons: "Keep the business and star alliance gold boarding lanes open and exclusive for the respective customers for use at any time whenever they show up at the gate. Otherwise it is a chaos to board along with economy. Also, everything was broken in my business seat" Pros: "The crew was attentive" Cons: "The aircraft needs better maintenance. My table was tilted and the seatbelt was twisted" Pros: "The seats were comfortable and more variety when it comes to entertainment. And better head phones!!!" Pros: "The food wasn’t bad, but Avianca used to give out more refreshments multiple times during the flight . Now they just give out water." Cons: "More comfortable seat. Leg room was very limited compared to other airlines." Cons: "Very impressed with Avianca. They have food and free movies/TV on board and a plug for my phone to charge. Boarding was a little crazy since the area was so small and hard to tell where the line was but overall great compared to American Airlines" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The fight got delay. They made me loose my connection and then made me wait 9 hour at the airport just to make a change on my schedule. The people from the Avianca counter in Miami is the worst. Also, when I arrive to Lima, got my luggage an one of them was terrible broken with the things that were inside. Will never use AVIANCA in my life!" Pros: "On time.. great crew and service.. very good flight" Cons: "Not too much leg room.. food was just ok..kind of rough" Pros: "That the flight was on time" Cons: "The food, and they told me I should pick up my baggage at Guayaquil but I had to pick it up in Quito" Cons: "There was no communication by Avianca staff & crew regarding the flight delay. I had a 10:49pm flight from BOG to JFK. Apparently the flight was delayed until 2:00am. I did not get an email or text alert relating to the delay. When I checked in at 9:00pm, the counter agent did not alert me to the change in departure time. It wasn't until I looked at the Departure board in the Avianca lounge did I know of the 3+ hr. delay. When we finally boarded, at least the captain was kind enough to explain the reason for the delay - Avianca needed to change aircrafts, then the originally slated captain called in sick and his replacement had to wait out the required time off as he had just completed a long haul flight from Canada to Colombia. Great job running a company Avianca..." Cons: "Avianca decided to strand a bunch of passengers at 2am and the reason was that the pilot was "sick." When we asked to be switched to a different flight so we would not have to wait until 2pm the next day, they eventually booked us on an early flight. We stayed in the airport overnight in anticipation of this flight. The next morning they informed us 10 minutes before boarding that they delayed that flight so we could no longer make our connection. We had to spend 15 hours total in Bogota airport before being able to go home. Avianca used to never be this inconsistent with flights. They should not be allowed to do whatever they wish to passengers flights and offer minimal compensation when they inconvenience customers." Pros: "It didn’t smell bad" Cons: "It was way too cold and my seat was broken so it didn’t recline" Pros: "Boarding was a breeze. The staff was friendly and fast. The seats were comfortable (although, I am 5’2”)." Cons: "I can’t complain this time around!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I was not informed about the delay, no on board entertainment, missed work due to delay and landed 2 hours late!" Cons: "There were not enough agents at the airport to check us in. The lines were long and passengers became surly." Pros: "convenient fight times and places, crew were helpful and polite" Cons: "no wifi, no screen, no bag of mini pretzels" Cons: "Many things. Did not tell me that even carry on was a 25.00 charge. After check in, counter woman at Sun County sent me to a security station on a far side of airport that was closed. Plane delayed. Plane bathroom issues" Pros: "Nice and direct flight. I got my bags really fast too." Cons: "They opened the gate at the check in only 2.30 hrs away instead of 3 as they said." Pros: "Nice Staff" Cons: "They charge for everything the planes are a bit outdated, boarding is backwards they load middle bank then front very weird." Pros: "The crew was friendly and boarding was quick, seats were comfortable and plane was clean" Cons: "No snacks included, bags of pop chips was $3. No entertainment on the plane (I ended up just sleeping anyway). They didn't have space for everyone's carry on and asked for volunteers to check their bags but didn't enforce any rules for people who had 3+ carry on items" Pros: "4 1/2 hour late boarding! Missed my connecting flight and was stuck!" Cons: "Had a 4 1/2 hour delay from Minneapolis to NY city. Which of course cause me to miss my flight to Europe. There was no attempt to find another flight that would get me there in time. By the time I got to NY it was close to Midnight, and the only hotel available was 40 mins away from the airport at an additional cost of $270 for the room and uber rides. No compensation even offered or provided for extra expenses they caused by us leaving so late. Thank you Sun Country for starting my vacation off so well." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 Book cheap flights from Miami to New York Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Miami to New York found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/17Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 03mMIA-LGA $29 Search 12/20Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 16mMIA-EWR $29 Search 1/30Tue nonstopDelta 3h 01mMIA-JFK $64 Search 1/19Fri nonstopDelta 3h 11mMIA-LGA $68 Search 2/20Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 00mMIA-JFK $74 Search 2/20Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 00mMIA-JFK $75 Search 12/20Wed nonstopJetBlue 2h 56mMIA-JFK $79 Search 12/6Wed nonstopJetBlue 3h 04mMIA-EWR $86 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopUnited Airlines 4h 45mMIA-LGA $96 Search 1/22Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 05mMIA-EWR $119 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesJetBlueUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$70 or less$80 or less$90 or less$120 or less Last minute flights from Miami to New York Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Miami to New York that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 08mMIA-LGA 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 11mLGA-MIA $70 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 08mMIA-LGA 12/14Thu nonstopFrontier 3h 11mLGA-MIA $77 Search 12/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 08mMIA-LGA 1/10Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 6h 40mLGA-MIA $93 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 03mMIA-LGA 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 35mLGA-MIA $95 Search 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 3h 06mMIA-JFK 1/9Tue nonstopDelta 3h 10mJFK-MIA $213 Search 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 3h 06mMIA-JFK 1/14Sun nonstopDelta 3h 10mJFK-MIA $218 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 04mMIA-EWR 12/10Sun nonstopJetBlue 3h 10mEWR-MIA $220 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 59mMIA-JFK 12/10Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 14mJFK-MIA $245 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 01mMIA-JFK 12/6Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 14mJFK-MIA $248 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 04mMIA-EWR 12/6Wed nonstopJetBlue 3h 10mEWR-MIA $268 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaJetBlueAmerican Airlines Search by price$80 or less$100 or less$220 or less$250 or less$270 or less Miami - New York Flights Departure: Miami (MIA)United States Return flight deals: New York - Miami Cabin classes: $709 First Class flights to New York $598 Business Class flights to New York $433 Prem Econ Class flights to New York $49 Economy Class flights to New York Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Miami $58Flights from Miami to New York Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » New York State » New York $667Flights to New Windsor, New York $128Flights to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, New York $58Flights to New York LaGuardia Airport, New York $58Flights to Newark Airport, New York Compare transportation modes for Miami to New York Average price Average duration Flights $681 2h 55m Trains $258 28h 22m Buses $341 36h 50m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Philadelphia Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Ontario Flights to Charlotte Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search New York flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to New York from Miami. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to New York from Miami. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.