Cheap Flights from San Jose to Seattle from $33 | (SJC - SEA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SJC - SEA Find cheap flights from San Jose to Seattle from $33 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/30. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Seattle These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Jose to Seattle, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Jose to Seattle, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from San Jose to Seattle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Jose to Seattle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:05 am - 9:28 pmSJC-SEA 14h 23m1 stop 10:00 pm - 11:21 amSEA-SJC 13h 21m1 stop $54Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 9:50 am - 4:24 pmSJC-SEA 6h 34m1 stop 9:42 am - 10:43 pmSEA-SJC 13h 01m1 stop $67Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Wed, Jan 17 9:22 pm - 9:58 amSJC-SEA 12h 36m1 stop 9:40 pm - 10:58 amSEA-SJC 13h 18m1 stop $68Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 4 - Mon, Jan 8 7:05 am - 9:10 pmSJC-SEA 14h 05m1 stop 9:42 am - 10:43 pmSEA-SJC 13h 01m1 stop $81Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Wed, Jan 17 6:45 pm - 9:01 pmSJC-SEA 2h 16mnonstop 9:42 am - 10:43 pmSEA-SJC 13h 01m1 stop $92 Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Wed, Jan 17 12:40 pm - 2:58 pmSJC-SEA 2h 18mnonstop 10:00 pm - 11:21 amSEA-SJC 13h 21m1 stop $101 Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Wed, Jan 17 10:30 am - 12:52 pmSJC-SEA 2h 22mnonstop 7:25 am - 9:49 amSEA-SJC 2h 24mnonstop $118Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 6:15 am - 8:45 amSJC-SEA 2h 30mnonstop 3:30 pm - 5:49 pmSEA-SJC 2h 19mnonstop $127Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Wed, Jan 17 6:15 am - 8:33 amSJC-SEA 2h 18mnonstop 9:33 am - 11:46 amSEA-SJC 2h 13mnonstop $136Alaska Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Mon, Jan 15 2:48 pm - 7:09 pmSJC-SEA 4h 21m1 stop 4:55 pm - 7:03 pmSEA-SJC 2h 08mnonstop $144Alaska Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 4 - Wed, Jan 10 Show more results Flights from San Jose to Seattle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Jose to Seattle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Jose to Seattle? The average price of all flights from San Jose to Seattle clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For San Jose to Seattle, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Sunday is the most expensive. Flying from Seattle back to San Jose, the best deals are generally found on Saturday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Jose to Seattle? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Jose to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Jose to Seattle is January, where tickets cost $184 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and June, where the average cost of tickets is $238 and $228 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Jose to Seattle? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Jose to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Jose to Seattle, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 36 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Jose to Seattle? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting San Jose to Seattle were found on Spirit Airlines ($54) and Delta ($118). Spirit Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $33. Which airlines fly most frequently between San Jose and Seattle? Delta connects San Jose to Seattle with up to 3 flights per day. Southwest also offers 3 flights per day, while Alaska Airlines follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Jose and Seattle? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Jose to Seattle. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from San Jose to Seattle. They are: Alaska Airlines, Delta and Southwest. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Alaska Airlines at $89 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Alaska Airlines. How many flights are there between San Jose and Seattle per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 9 nonstop flights that take off from San Jose and land in Seattle, with an average flight time of 2h 19m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 53 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Jose and Seattle? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Jose to Seattle take? Direct flights cover the 697 miles separating San Jose to Seattle in about 2h 09m. What’s the earliest departure time from San Jose to Seattle? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Jose at 6:15 am and will be landing in Seattle at 8:45 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Jose to Seattle? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Jose to Seattle jets off at 8:55 pm and lands at 11:05 pm. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $33 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 11% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 15% increase in price. Flight from San Jose to Seattle When to book flights from San Jose to Seattle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Jose to Seattle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Jose to Seattle What luggage handling services can travelers from San Jose to Seattle access at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? Among the luggage handling services travelers from San Jose can access at SEA are luggage carrying and storage services. Baggage carts or the Smarte Carte are accessed in the Central Terminal, landside near each gate, while Baggage can be stored at the Smarte Carte Baggage Storage on the Baggage Claim level between Carousels 12 & 13. Where can I rent a car at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA)? To rent a car after deplaning from your San Jose to Seattle flight, you will visit any on site car rentals easily accessed at the Sea-Tac Airport Rental Car Facility within the airport grounds. The car rental facility is accessed via a courtesy shuttle at each terminal. How can I connect from downtown San Jose to San Jose Mineta International Airport? If you want to connect from Downtown San Jose to SJC for your flight to SEA, please note that the Airport Flyer shuttle and Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) bus line 10 run continuously between Downtown San Jose and SJC. The bus and the Airport Flyer shuttle depart the Metro Light Rail station in Downtown San Jose to SJC every 15min. Which cities can I visit near Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? Besides servicing travelers from San Jose to Seattle, SEA can also serve as the destination airport for travelers connecting to Seattle's neighboring cities, such as Victoria, Surrey, and Burnaby. Since these cities are a comfortable drive away, you can conveniently connect to either of these cities via a car rental. Which family-friendly airlines can I consider for my flight from San Jose to Seattle? One of the family-friendly airlines to consider for your flight from SJC to SEA with kids is Alaska Airlines. The boarding for families with young children allows children under the age of 2 to fly for free on their parent's lap. Where can late-night travelers spend their nights at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? Among the accommodation options late-night travelers from San Jose to Seattle can consider at SEA is the Hilton Seattle Airport & Conference Center. Despite being a comfortable walk away, the airport hotel offers free airport shuttle services from the terminals. Where are baby care facilities at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? You can use the Mother’s Room, which offers a private and quiet space equipped with adjustable lighting, power outlets, rocking chairs, and more. One of these facilities is located at the Kid’s Play Area. Other locations include S Gate Mezzanine Level, Gate C10, Gate A9, Gate N2, Gate D23, and Gate D10. You can rent a car seat and stroller at the Smarte Carte Storage section in Baggage Claim. Are there nonstop flights from San Jose to Seattle? Both Delta and Alaska Airlines fly nonstop from San Jose International Airport to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. If you want to compare rates and schedules, you should book through KAYAK for comprehensive details about the different flights. Are there pet relief areas at San Jose International Airport? If you have a pet and want facilities that can keep your companion happy, San Jose International Airport offers several relief areas, located post-security and pre-security. The pre-security locations are outside Terminal A, south of the parking garage, and outside Terminal A, north of the ticketing area. Also, there’s a facility outside Terminal B north of ticketing. Post-security, the pet relief area is inside the passenger walkway located between gates 16 and 17. Are there on-site hotels at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? Passengers who prefer to book a room have several hotels near the airport to choose from. Red Roof Inn is located 4min from the airport, and guests get a complimentary airport shuttle service, which runs every 20min. La Quinta Inn & Suites, also located 4min from the airport, offers a free shuttle service. You can also book accommodation at Red Lion Hotel or Hilton Seattle Airport Hotel, both located less than 5min from the airport. Do I need a passport to fly between San Jose and Seattle? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from San Jose to Seattle. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Jose to Seattle? Alaska Airlines, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Jose to Seattle flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Jose to Seattle? The Embraer 175 (Enhanced Winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Jose to Seattle flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Jose to Seattle? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between San Jose and Seattle, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from San Jose to Seattle? There are nonstop flights from San Jose to Seattle on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Jose to Seattle, Southwest or Alaska Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Jose to Seattle are Southwest and Alaska Airlines. With an average price for the route of $264 and an overall rating of 8.4, Southwest is the most popular choice. Alaska Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $204 and an overall rating of 8.3. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Jose to Seattle? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Jose to Seattle. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Jose to Seattle? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Seattle from San Jose is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Jose to Seattle? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Seattle with an airline and back to San Jose with another airline. Booking your flights between San Jose and SEA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Jose to Seattle? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Seattle from San Jose up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SJC to Seattle Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $136 or less one-way and $179 or less round-trip. Travelers who arrive early for their flight from San Jose Mineta International Airport (SJC) to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) can consider spending their extra free minutes in the observation decks. Terminal A's observation deck is on the mezzanine Level near the food court area, while Terminal B's observation deck is on the terminal's second level, near Gate 27. To catch up with your early morning flight from SJC to SEA, consider spending your night in a hotel close to your departure terminals. Among these hotels is Fairmont San Jose Airport Hotel. The hotel is located on the airport grounds adjacent to Terminal A. Business travelers deplaning from their flights from San Jose to Seattle some minutes before their scheduled business meeting can consider paying for their entry ticket to the Club at SJC A15, in Terminal A, Airside, 3rd Level, across near Gate A15. The lounge offers a conducive environment for business transactions or meetings. If you’re in San Jose, consider using the San Jose International Airport (SJC) for flights to Seattle, Washington. You can find flights by multiple airlines at this airport. San Jose International Airport offers restrooms throughout the terminals. The restrooms have infant diaper changing stations and stalls for persons with disabilities. Free Wi-Fi is available at all terminals and throughout the airport. The service includes 24h customer service. To use the Wi-Fi, connect to “sjcfreewifi.” There are many places to eat at San Jose International Airport, including Chick-fil-A in Terminal B, Euro Café in Terminal A near the Baggage Claim, and Starbucks at Terminal A and B near Gate 13 and 22, respectively. Located south of downtown Seattle and northeast of downtown Tacoma, the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) is the airport of choice when traveling from San Jose to Seattle. To charge your devices at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, there are FuelRod locations at Baggage Claim near carousel 9, Concourse A near the restrooms, Concourse D between D1 and D2, and Concourse C near Gate C14A. If you’re thirsty, there are water bottle refill stations at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport you can use free of charge. You can refill at Gates A2, A5, C2, D1, and S Gates. At Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, ATMs are available at the Central Terminal, in all gated areas, and at Landside. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Jose to Seattle/Tacoma Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from San Jose to Seattle/Tacoma Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Jose to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Seattle/Tacoma Intl to San Jose Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Friday Aeromexico, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Jose to Seattle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Jose to Seattle. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Jose to Seattle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14219 reviews 84comfort 78food 90crew 80entertainment 87boarding 86overall Airline reviews Cons: "I’m a bit annoyed and disappointed.. when I purchase y travels with SW I always request ( wheelchairs) and every time I’m forced to wait for one when getting to my destination. Why is that?? So inconvenient. Can you improve on that service?" Cons: "I’m a bit annoyed and disappointed.. when I purchase y travels with SW I always request ( wheelchairs) and every time I’m forced to wait for one when getting to my destination. Why is that?? So inconvenient. Can you improve on that service?" Pros: "The plane was new and very clean and entertainment movies are new." Cons: "The flight was 2 hours late. Was supposed to get into Seattle by 11:10pm ended up more like 1:20am. And there was no clean explanation, it’s either the inbound flight was used to fly to San Diego instead or some weather/visibility issue at Seattle but the weather/visibility issue was stated to only cause about 50 mins delay." Cons: "Delayed 2 hours with no explanation or acknowledgement. It seems standard for this leg. Predictably terrible WiFi" Pros: "Crew was amazing and pilot was friendly to passengers and took time to greet and talk to some of the passengers." Cons: "Flight was delayed 3.25 hours. But no explanation from staff at the gates plus gates being moved from one to the other. In our case about 3 times and one of the gates doen't even exist. Had to cancel plans for nice Mother's Day dinner with my family since we're already tired sitting in the airport." Pros: "I thought the crew were very nice, courteous and helpful." Cons: "I think it is uncomfortable to sit on a completely booked flight with no room to move. I understand that the airline has to make a profit and fuel prices are ridiculous, but there was not an empty seat on the plane and it seems like you needed a second flight" Pros: "The flight attendants were awesome and made the flight good." Cons: "The flight attendants showing up late due to a late arriving flight." Pros: "The crew was polite and did a nice job" Cons: "My seat was in the last role in the back of the plane on the aisle. The other two seats were occupied and I had hardly any room. In fact, my right shoulder was outside of the seat area. Totally uncomfortable!!!" Cons: "Southwest crews are usually nice or funny but our male attendant was a grump, giving everyone distainful looks as he took drink orders and not uttering a single other word to us. No one seemed to be in a good mood on this crew except for the other guy waving goodbye to us as we deplaned." Pros: "Flight wasn't completely full, had an empty seat next to me." Cons: "Newer 800-Max's are much more comfortable." Cons: "Food is not expected but stale pretzels are worse than nothing. No entertainment" Pros: "Everyone was great." Cons: "I sat in the last row and could NOT stand the smell near the bathroom." Cons: "The gate agent doing the boarding process was just rude and seemed to enjoy every time she got to tell the crowd anything they weren’t going to like." Pros: "Very smooth flight and boarding - I did not partake of food or entertainment" Pros: "Easy, safe flight with great flight attendants Victor and Steven. Thank you!!" Pros: "They left and landed as scheduled" Cons: "Nothing to complain about I loved the service flight and cleanliness of the plane" Pros: "The crew was so darn efficient and the pilot was so funny over the speaker! Thank you Alaska for slaying this flight" Pros: "Alaska Airlines is always really professional. They go out of their way to really help. Alaska will remain my go to first and foremost." Pros: "Good coffee with refills. Nice, competent crew. Yummy snack." Cons: "I was cold. I should have kept my coat with me." Pros: "Boarding was in time" Cons: "Food wasn’t good most of it has pork and ham. Even the sandwiches has ham" Cons: "Airplane was dirty upon boarding - food and miscellaneous remnants on the seats and floor, used trash bag in the seat back in front of me" Cons: "Crew was abrasive and put off by people asking for service. Monitors had to be rebooted 3 times. Ran out of water and snacks." Pros: "It suited the time i could travel" Cons: "I felt although they said the two attendants were great they were at best mediocre especially the man" Pros: "Flight was mostly uneventful, which is great! Right after takeoff we made a complete circle and no information was given as to why, but we assumed it was air traffic." Pros: "Everything! I appreciate that the ticketing agent helped me get an earlier flight and I appreciated the gate agent making sure I had a good seat! I love Delta!" Cons: "Nothing honestly" Pros: "Good flight as always with Delta. Sat in economy comfort, so of course the seats was comfortable. Flight Attendants were great." Cons: "I checked two bags and paid for them. The flight was full. I dutifully got in line for zone two. Next thing you know, at least 25 people got to board early and have free bag check. Really? I should get $35 dollar refund." Cons: "The flight was 2.5 hours late making me miss my connecting flight and I didn’t receive a refund for the comfort seats I paid for but didn’t get." Cons: "Was not allowed to check in even tho flight was delayed. Horrible!" Pros: "- great customer service - friendly staff - Positive energy" Cons: "- No room in the seats - No food served on plane - Crowded -" Cons: "My friend and I was switched to an even worse seating when boarding. Very uncomfortable especially for my friend since he had crutches." Pros: "The flight back to Columbus made up for the flight from CLT to SJC." Cons: "This was a multi city, round trip starting out of CLT. My connection was way too close, and we missed the connection due to a mechanical problem. The lines to get vouchers were super long, and the hotel was not the best. It was way after midnight when I got to the hotel, and I did not feel safe staying at a Quality Inn. I had to walk to my room outside, and had leave in the morning in the dark as well. I was traveling alone. Please put your passengers in a better hotel, closer to the airport. I did not expect that from American Airlines." Cons: "The flight comfort was very bad. The plane was extremely warm and people we beginning to feel bad. Several mentioned it and asked multiple times to have the the cabin air conditioning turned down" Cons: "Running out of bin space by Group 3 is just wrong." Cons: "One crew member is not particularly helpful when passengers needed assistance." Cons: "Baggage claim took over an hour. Wasted so much time." Pros: "Nothing!!!" Cons: "The seat in front of me reclined so far that the guy in that seat had his head less than a foot from my face and my knees were being smashed by his seat. Very painful." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Flight was delayed six hours. Flight crew arrived late further delaying trip. Connecting flight missed. Promised hotel reservation by American were non-existent when arriving in Dallas. Had to try to sleep in airport. Will never willingly fly American again" Pros: "Everything seemed to go as normal. We were able to get 5 seats together." Cons: "Wasn't a dislike, but would have liked to board a little earlier with kids of age 5, 7, and 9. However, all was fine and staff were pleasant." Pros: "seating assignment" Cons: "wish the crews were more pleasant. some were pretty rude to some passengers" Pros: "The aircratf and on time operation" Cons: "Gate agents not following AA.com policies to charge extra fees" Pros: "I liked the service of the flight attendants and the crew." Cons: "The wifi partially worked but I was trying to download songs onto my device and the wifi didn’t let me download anything." Cons: "It's a 6 hour flight and not even a sandwich? Food on boeard is for sale. Same with movies or TV shows." Cons: "My seat had garbage on the seat, on the floor and in the front pocket" Pros: "Overall the flight process was fine." Cons: "Kayak is not transparent enough about highlighting which flights are low cost flights during purchasing. I thought I was purchasing a regular fare where I could bring a normal carry-on onto the flight, but this was a low cost flight and I had to check my bag. This information was not disclosed until after payment, and I believe this is dishonest on the part of Kayak. Kayak needs to be much more upfront about the details of the flights so that we passengers can select flights according to their needs. I felt deceived by the fare and would have purchased a different flight if I would have known ahead of time." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I was very I'll and could not complete this flight. Was told by airline to call Kayak for changing date of flight for $50 vs $200 they would charge. Ticket was less than $200. I called Kayak. They said sorry it will cost you $200 per airline policy. Either way, this is unacceptable to me. I will stick with Southwest who let's you change flights on all fares if you use it within one year. So since change fee was more than ticket I just ate the cost. Not happy with UNITED or KAYAK. Won't use either one again." Pros: "All fights.. On time made it home safely Friendly crew both ways.." Cons: "Entertainment should be easier to access.. And Free!!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The landing was horrible. A lot of passengers were upset." Cons: "No food provided (unless paid) and no entertained for 5 hr flight, if you didn't have a device." Cons: "This flight was delayed for 1.5 hours which was not nice and it was a six hour flight and only could receive pretzels without paying for food." Pros: "Crew was gracious, helpful, and courteous during a terrible and disruptive ordeal for passengers" Cons: "Being stuck for nearly an hour sweating on a plane with no AC while mechanics were trouble shooting, only to find out that we had to exit the plane, and that it could not fly. Passengers had no idea what to do - whether another plane would be sent for us, whether United would reimburse our ticket if we arranged another flight on our own, etc. We were left to fend for ourselves. I had a wedding to get to with many pre-wedding events, starting this evening. So, I looked for another flight, found one, booked it, and went to United customer service to request reimbursement for my ticket. I was told that United had just learned that another plane was coming for us and would arrive in 30 minutes, at 8:10. (My original flight had been at 6:35). The other flight I had booked was at 10:30 pm. So, United customer service changed canceled my new booking and put me back to my original flight, now arriving at 8:10 and boarding at 8:50. The plane did arrive, but we did not board until 10:50 pm. My flight left at 11:02 pm. Bottom line is that my flight was delayed 4.5 hours. I missed an important event that I was supposed to host. I missed my only opportunity to see a dear friend (and guest of honor) - this is someone I have not seen in person for ten years and was the guest of honor at tonight's celebration that I was supposed to host and missed. Furthermire, I could not carry on a bag that I have carried on for years, and that would have easiky fit. Having to check my bag left me without my phone charger. Of course, the fact that we were 4.5 hours delayed meant that I ran out of power shortly into our long flight from Washington. to Seattle. And the food was awful - stale nuts, . ;, b:;" Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from San Jose to Seattle Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Jose to Seattle found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/30Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 14h 10mSJC-SEA $33 Search 2/1Thu 1 stopSpirit Airlines 12h 54mSJC-SEA $35 Search 2/28Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 14mSJC-SEA $59 Search 1/12Fri nonstopDelta 2h 30mSJC-SEA $68 Search 4/20Sat nonstopDelta 2h 24mSJC-SEA $69 Search 4/20Sat 1 stopAlaska Airlines 5h 26mSJC-SEA $79 Search 2/17Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 26h 32mSJC-SEA $263 Search 2/28Wed 3 stopsUnited Airlines 27h 16mSJC-SEA $298 Search 12/8Fri 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 11h 26mSJC-SEA $388 Search 5/25Sat 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 15h 59mSJC-SEA $418 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAlaska AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$40 or less$70 or less$80 or less$300 or less$420 or less Last minute flights from San Jose to Seattle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Jose to Seattle that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 36mSJC-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 02mSEA-SJC $148 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 36mSJC-SEA 12/7Thu multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 11mSEA-SJC $149 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 8h 55mSJC-SEA 12/5Tue multi-stop 12h 40mSEA-SJC $251 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 12h 36mSJC-SEA 12/7Thu multi-stop 9h 20mSEA-SJC $274 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 16h 32mSJC-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 24h 50mSEA-SJC $425 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 4h 28mSJC-SEA 12/8Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 11h 25mSEA-SJC $456 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 22mSJC-SEA 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 27h 59mSEA-SJC $458 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 2h 40mSJC-SEA 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 2h 19mSEA-SJC $498 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 2h 40mSJC-SEA 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 5h 11mSEA-SJC $508 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 19mSJC-SEA 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 07mSEA-SJC $632 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesAlaska AirlinesDelta Search by price$150 or less$270 or less$460 or less$500 or less$630 or less San Jose - Seattle Flights Departure: San Jose (SJC)United States Destination: Seattle (SEA)United States Return flight deals: Seattle - San Jose Cabin classes: $274 First Class flights to Seattle $481 Business Class flights to Seattle $373 Prem Econ Class flights to Seattle $99 Economy Class flights to Seattle Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Jose $67Flights from San Jose to Seattle Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Washington » Seattle $67Flights to Seattle, Seattle Compare transportation modes for San Jose to Seattle Average price Average duration Flights $832 2h 16m Trains $182 23h 53m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Dallas Flights to San Diego Flights to Houston Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Seattle flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Seattle from San Jose. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Seattle from San Jose. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.