Cheap Flights from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle from C$ 250 | (YYC - CDG) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYC - CDG Find cheap flights from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from C$ 250 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 28/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from Calgary to Charles de Gaulle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Calgary to Charles de Gaulle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:25 p.m. - 12:12 p.m.YYC-CDG 8h 47mdirect 2:25 p.m. - 3:49 p.m.CDG-YYC 9h 24mdirect C$ 428WestJet Find Deal Sun, 31 Dec - Wed, 14 Feb 7:25 p.m. - 12:21 p.m.YYC-CDG 8h 56mdirect 2:25 p.m. - 3:49 p.m.CDG-YYC 9h 24mdirect C$ 430WestJet Find Deal Thu, 8 Feb - Thu, 15 Feb 11:00 a.m. - 8:05 a.m.YYC-CDG 13h 05m1 stop 10:20 a.m. - 5:54 p.m.CDG-YYC 15h 34m1 stop C$ 439Air France Find Deal Thu, 8 Feb - Thu, 15 Feb 4:40 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YYC-CDG 33h 40m2 stops 12:05 p.m. - 1:33 a.m.CDG-YYC 21h 28m2 stops C$ 448Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 8 Feb - Thu, 15 Feb 12:10 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YYC-CDG 14h 10m1 stop 2:00 p.m. - 1:33 a.m.CDG-YYC 19h 33m2 stops C$ 449Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 8 Feb - Thu, 15 Feb 12:00 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YYC-CDG 14h 20m1 stop 2:00 p.m. - 10:43 p.m.CDG-YYC 16h 43m1 stop C$ 458Lufthansa Find Deal Tue, 23 Jan - Tue, 30 Jan 12:10 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YYC-CDG 14h 10m1 stop 2:00 p.m. - 10:43 p.m.CDG-YYC 16h 43m1 stop C$ 459Lufthansa Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Thu, 25 Jan 3:35 p.m. - 3:15 p.m.YYC-CDG 15h 40m1 stop 10:20 a.m. - 4:54 p.m.CDG-YYC 14h 34m1 stop C$ 483Air France Find Deal Sat, 20 Jan - Fri, 2 Feb 11:10 a.m. - 7:45 a.m.YYC-CDG 12h 35m1 stop 9:45 a.m. - 11:35 p.m.CDG-YYC 21h 50m1 stop C$ 693Air Transat Find Deal Tue, 28 May - Wed, 5 Jun 11:10 a.m. - 10:20 a.m.YYC-CDG 15h 10m1 stop 12:20 p.m. - 11:35 p.m.CDG-YYC 19h 15m1 stop C$ 694Air Transat Find Deal Tue, 28 May - Sun, 2 Jun Show more results Flights from Calgary to Charles de Gaulle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Calgary to Charles de Gaulle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is November, where tickets cost C$ 732 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and June, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 1,481 and C$ 1,425 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 36 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, WestJet offered the best one-way deal for that route, at C$ 250. KAYAK users also found Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport round-trip flights on WestJet from C$ 581 and on Air France from C$ 596. Which airlines fly direct between Calgary and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. There is just one airline that flies from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport direct and that is WestJet. The best one-way deal found from WestJet for the route is C$ 611. How many flights are there between Calgary and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Calgary and lands in Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, with an average flight time of 8h 47m. The most common departure time is 7:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 3 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Calgary and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport take? Direct flights from Calgary generally make it to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport in 8h 47m. The flying distance between the two cities is 11,838 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Calgary at 7:25 pm and will be landing in Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport at 12:12 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport jets off at 7:30 pm and lands at 12:20 pm. Good to know Low season March High season October Cheapest flight C$ 250 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 19% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 25% lower on average. Flight from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from Calgary to Charles de Gaulle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Calgary to Charles de Gaulle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flights Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? You can catch a direct flight from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from Calgary to Paris, Lufthansa or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Calgary to Paris are Lufthansa and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 1,061 and an overall rating of 7.8, Lufthansa is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 777 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Calgary is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport with an airline and back to Calgary with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Calgary up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Calgary to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 294 or less one-way and C$ 640 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle? Find which airlines fly direct from Calgary to Charles de Gaulle, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Search flights Tuesday WestJet WestJet Wednesday WestJet WestJet Thursday WestJet WestJet Sunday WestJet WestJet See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Paris Charles de Gaulle to Calgary Search flights Monday WestJet WestJet Wednesday WestJet WestJet Thursday WestJet WestJet Friday WestJet WestJet See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Calgary to Charles de Gaulle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Calgary to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Calgary to Charles de Gaulle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 86crew 79food 82overall 82boarding 78comfort 77entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "The crew were friendly, helpful, and attentive. I'd love to fly with them all the time" Cons: "The business class seat felt a bit claustrophobic when in lie flat mode"Read more about SWISS Pros: "The crew were friendly, helpful, and attentive. I'd love to fly with them all the time" Cons: "The business class seat felt a bit claustrophobic when in lie flat mode" Pros: "The crew was amazing and helpful. The food was really good and the flight was timely if not early to my destination." Pros: "Great helpful flight crew" Cons: "Checking our bag was a nightmare. All bag check-in was at kiosk which we couldn't use because we had to pay to check our bag. Had to find a desk in another terminal to check bag, then pay an another desk for said checked bag. We saved money by ticketing this way but we almost missed our flight" Pros: "fresh baked bread!" Cons: "fight was delayed almost 4 hours. we were stuck on the plane for over 2 hours before liftoff while technical difficulties were worked out. no compensation offered." Pros: "Even though we flew through turbulances the crew was able to manage their tasks. Plus beautiful stewardess." Cons: "Crew was excellent Seats very short on leg room and hard cushions" Pros: "On time! Courteous. Free meal! Even on flight less than 2 hours!" Cons: "All good!" Pros: "The loveliest crew possible and the easiest and most efficient connection logistics imaginable! Full praise for Swiss Air" Pros: ";Flight attendants very attentive;" Cons: "Leg space far too tight; could barely move; Unable to see TV screen due to angle, even at max tilt; Food was inedible; perhaps acceptable as dog food; Toilet seat would not stay up for male to pee. Worst international aircraft I've ever experienced. Recommend upgrading before selling any more seats." Pros: "Unexpected food/snacks that were provided.Good crew and the plane was on time." Cons: "Poor boarding process. Plane change caused poor seat selection after they changed the seats that we paid extra for. Very little leg room for an overseas flight." Cons: "Not enough room with the seats if someone reclines in front of you." Pros: "You know what you are getting with Delta" Cons: "The economy seats were really tiny, this made the flight fairly uncomfortable" Cons: "Don't call it "food." the meals were terrible. Also stop creating so much single use plastic." Cons: "It was too cold on the feet during the night. The blanket was not enough. The food lacked good vegetables. The asparagus was too tough. If you wanted to avoid sugar, you could not eat breakfast." Pros: "It is good to be able to go straight to Paris without connecting." Cons: "Boarding was a bit slow." Cons: "Did not serve the food we asked Limited choice of movies" Pros: "The food was good The crew was fantastic, friendly and accommodating Flight was on time" Cons: "I was near the bathroom.. stank a bit" Pros: "Standard Air France flight. My wife and I like the Airbus 380." Cons: "The flight left two hours late. Apparently this happens a lot with this flight these days because it's an Airbus 380 coming from Paris to Dulles and turning around. The incoming flight was two hours late, so the departure was late. Our arrival in Paris was late. We made the flight, but our luggage didn't. Our return flight from Paris to Dulles was half an hour late because of people from connecting flights. We arrived about 30 minutes late, but no big deal (unless you had a connection)" Pros: "The crew was awesome and helped out tremendously when anything was needed!" Pros: "The Delta check-in at RDU was terribly understaffed with only 2 agents handling baggage drop-off for a fully booked Boeing 757. I waited over 1 hour and got to the gate at the last minute. Poorly managed! The flight crew was great though! Very attentive service even in the economy class!" Cons: "The food could be better." Entertainment and a mobile charger are essential on the plane. We accepted the small plane, but at least we wanted to be comfortable while traveling. The experience was as expected…. “Nothing to write home about “ Never happened. Lufthansa canceled numerous flights. Had to stand in line at Frankfurt Airport for 6 1/2 hours to rebook. Had to bypass Paris. Pros: "The crew did a good job dealing with so many customers and in one instance was able to resolve a minor conflict with seat way backs." Cons: "The seats should be fixed to prevent them from going back as far as they do. With space so small as it is, it is unnecessary to have them go back so far if at all. The food was poor, especially the cold egg and pepper sandwich at the end. My guess is that they were suppose to be heated which would have made them much better but the crew decided to give them out cold." Pros: "Crew" Cons: "We were delayed thirty minutes due to slow service. Zero entertainment and only a brownie for a snack" Pros: "Comfortable seats, adequate legroom; clean aircraft, polite and professional crew." Cons: "Super crowded gate -- but that's more the CDG problem than Norwegian's one." Pros: "The crew on-board was nicer this time" Cons: "Had wait in line for more than 1.5 hours to check in (no self-serve kiosk) and then conform to the 10kg carry-on (both backpack and suitcase) rule which didn't happen on the first flight. The staff are rude and unhelpful and the whole process of dealing with Norwegian is confusing." Pros: "Brand new very nice/comfortable planes. Great routes and flight departure/arrive times. Really great value." Cons: "They’re a budget airline so they nickel and dime you for food and beverage. They are not a member of “sky team” so if they have a flight delay or cancellation they will not book you on another airline." Pros: "Service and the crewe was very kind" Cons: "There was no entertainment a lite. Crowded the seat but I understand as it was a smalll airplane." Cons: "The boarding gate has too little space and was chaos." Cons: "More than an hour late departing. Added to that it was almost an hour before luggage appeared. Not West Jet’s fault but it made us even later resulting in some of our long drive of our drive to Grand Canyon being in the dark." Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)" Cons: "Getting from one flight to the other was a major hassle. How many times do they have to check your boarding pass?" Pros: "Crew were fairly attentive, have experienced better. Liked the Canadian entertainment options, even if very limited." Cons: "Seats were okay, the plane is really showing it's age. Movie selection was very limited, and very dated." Cons: "Flight experience was the way air travel use to be." Pros: "The dreamliner is an amazing plane. I really liked the window tinting feature it has." Cons: "Minor point. They boarded the plane very early. We got to the gate 1/2 hour before departure, and were almost the last ones to board." Pros: "Dry accommodating staff all around. Thank you" Cons: "More space between people. Not much you can do I understand that. So overall great" Pros: "Crew were very good. The economy seats were "ok". Food was good and the service was very good." Cons: "Entertainment didn't have enough new movies to watch. The leg room could've been better." Cons: "Always a ‘full flight’ and they run out of spacein the overhead storage" A Lufthansa flight operated by SAS with a jettime plane. Fight was nice, no food but free tea and coffee. It didn't happen. SAS csncrlled and it was very difficult to convince the 3rd party they did. Not good on the 3rd party program. I don't think they trust their customers, much less being able to help them. I have had several nitemaes using 3rd party this trip and WILL NEVER use 3rd party again. Pros: "The plane is clean and comfortable. The boarding was easy." Cons: "The staff on all SAS flights seem a little lazy." Cons: "my first flight overseas. friendly staff. movies ..headphones..pillow and blankets included. 2 beverages included with meal. only downside was paying for checked bag. looks like that is included on the return flight so that won't be and issue on the way home. no issues with carryons." Cons: "It would be better if the plane was cleaned before boarding. The row where I was seated has potato chips all over the floor. Pls. clean your plane before boarding." Cons: "Last minute change of boarding gate led to a dash across the airport!" Pros: "Great crew" Cons: "Had to walk up and down stairs, outside, too the plane Cold, wet, slushy tarmac" Cons: "Food was pretty atrocious. Before having this flight I tried many times to book a special meal but their website is nearly impossible to use. So on the flight I was given two options of fish or mexican beef. Mexican beef meant slow cooked beef in a salty brown sauce with 2 kidney beans. Yes 2 kidney beans. With potatoes carrots and broccoli. Entertainment was pretty lacking. Not a lot of options. Also it was freezing the entire flight." Pros: "Fairly new plane." Cons: "Only airline that made us check in our luggage; and charged us an exorbitant amount (+/- $90 per luggage) in doing so. No customer service at all. 1st attendant wouldn’t let us check-in at the counter, and 2nd attendant made us check in our carry-on despite it only being 2kg over. We could’ve moved some items around. When we boarded the plane, we saw multiple people whose carry-on looked suspiciously over the weight limit. We felt singled out. It was obvious that this airline only cares about profit and does not care about the customer. Attendants were rude and not helpful. Needless to say I will nit fly with this airline again." Cons: "If you want to have a different meal than what they offer, you have to contact customer service before hand. I never been on a flight so far, where there wasn’t a vegetarian option. So I was pretty surprised when they just offered beef fajitas. I asked for a vegetarian option only to find out there isn’t none. The flight attendant wasn’t super nice about it either, she just said you have to order it online. But at no point I got an email saying, if you want something different than what we offer, tell us! So that was pretty annoying..." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Lufthansa7.8 WestJet7.7 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Book cheap flights from Calgary to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Calgary to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 28/2Wed directWestJet 8h 55mYYC-CDG C$ 184 Search 27/12Wed directWestJet 8h 47mYYC-CDG C$ 199 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 8h 50mYYC-CDG C$ 200 Search 14/1Sun directWestJet 8h 47mYYC-CDG C$ 202 Search 15/2Thu 1 stopAir France 13h 10mYYC-CDG C$ 458 Search 18/5Sat 1 stopAir Transat 15h 10mYYC-CDG C$ 558 Search 21/2Wed 1 stopAir Canada 22h 30mYYC-CDG C$ 643 Search 14/2Wed 1 stopAir Canada 25h 30mYYC-CDG C$ 648 Search 8/1Mon 1 stopLufthansa 18h 55mYYC-CDG C$ 654 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopLufthansa 18h 55mYYC-CDG C$ 695 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetAir FranceAir TransatAir CanadaLufthansa Search by priceC$ 200 or lessC$ 200 or lessC$ 560 or lessC$ 650 or lessC$ 700 or less Last minute flights from Calgary to Charles de Gaulle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Calgary to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 14h 20mYYC-CDG 12/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 16h 43mCDG-YYC C$ 464 Search 4/12Mon multi-stop 22h 10mYYC-CDG 12/12Tue multi-stop 22h 18mCDG-YYC C$ 519 Search 5/12Tue direct 8h 50mYYC-CDG 12/12Tue multi-stop 33h 20mCDG-YYC C$ 766 Search 3/12Sun directWestJet 8h 47mYYC-CDG 27/12Wed directWestJet 9h 24mCDG-YYC C$ 839 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 22h 30mYYC-CDG 18/12Mon multi-stopAir Canada 18h 38mCDG-YYC C$ 912 Search 2/12Sat multi-stop 18h 00mYYC-CDG 17/12Sun multi-stop 39h 08mCDG-YYC C$ 980 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 8h 50mYYC-CDG 6/12Wed directWestJet 9h 24mCDG-YYC C$ 990 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopSWISS 17h 25mYYC-CDG 6/12Wed multi-stopSWISS 50h 50mCDG-YYC C$ 1,536 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 18h 36mYYC-CDG 6/12Wed multi-stopBritish Airways 18h 47mCDG-YYC C$ 1,547 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 14h 20mYYC-CDG 6/12Wed multi-stopLufthansa 28h 25mCDG-YYC C$ 1,682 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir CanadaWestJetSWISSBritish AirwaysLufthansa Search by priceC$ 520 or lessC$ 840 or lessC$ 980 or lessC$ 1,540 or lessC$ 1,680 or less Calgary - Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Flights Departure: Calgary (YYC)Canada Destination: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)France Return flight deals: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport - Calgary Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris C$ 3,101 Business Class flights to Paris C$ 2,937 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris C$ 612 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Alberta » Calgary C$ 609Flights from Calgary to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris » Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport C$ 609Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Victoria Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to Halifax Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Calgary. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Calgary. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.