Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to Rome from $238 | (ORD - ROM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ORD - ROM Find cheap flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome from $238 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/27. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Rome These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Rome. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Rome. How much is the cheapest flight from O'Hare Intl to Rome?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from O'Hare Intl to Rome that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:15 pm - 11:55 pmORD-FCO 21h 40m1 stop 6:05 am - 3:30 pmFCO-ORD 16h 25m1 stop $403TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Fri, Feb 2 6:30 pm - 1:30 pmORD-FCO 12h 00m1 stop 11:45 am - 5:20 pmFCO-ORD 12h 35m1 stop $415Icelandair Find Deal Thu, Feb 22 - Mon, Mar 4 8:25 pm - 11:25 amORD-FCO 32h 00m1 stop 12:15 pm - 3:30 pmFCO-ORD 34h 15m1 stop $416TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Sun, Feb 25 - Tue, Mar 5 5:00 pm - 12:25 pmORD-FCO 12h 25m1 stop 11:00 am - 9:01 pmFCO-ORD 17h 01m1 stop $526British Airways Find Deal Thu, Feb 15 - Mon, Feb 26 12:20 pm - 12:35 pmORD-FCO 17h 15m2 stops 6:30 am - 2:30 pmFCO-ORD 15h 00m1 stop $528American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Fri, Feb 2 10:39 am - 11:20 amORD-FCO 17h 41m1 stop 1:20 pm - 11:58 pmFCO-ORD 17h 38m2 stops $530American Airlines Find Deal Sun, Feb 18 - Sun, Feb 25 5:00 pm - 12:25 pmORD-FCO 12h 25m1 stop 7:40 am - 1:55 pmFCO-ORD 13h 15m1 stop $539British Airways Find Deal Thu, Feb 29 - Thu, Mar 7 9:10 pm - 8:30 amORD-FCO 28h 20m1 stop 12:55 pm - 9:02 amFCO-ORD 27h 07m1 stop $543United Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Tue, Dec 19 11:00 am - 11:15 amORD-FCO 17h 15m1 stop 10:30 am - 11:30 pmFCO-ORD 20h 00m1 stop $553United Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Mon, Dec 18 4:45 pm - 12:05 amORD-FCO 24h 20m1 stop 6:30 am - 2:30 pmFCO-ORD 15h 00m1 stop $622Iberia Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Wed, Jan 17 Show more results Flights from O'Hare Intl to Rome - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from O'Hare Intl to Rome to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Rome flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Rome. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Rome cost $485 and was between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Rome Fiumicino Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $587. What is the cheapest month to fly from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Rome? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Rome is February, where tickets cost $557 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,280 and $1,210 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Rome? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Rome, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 20 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome were found on TAP AIR PORTUGAL ($403) and Icelandair ($415). TAP AIR PORTUGAL proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $347. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Rome? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome take? Flying between Rome and Chicago O'Hare Airport will take minimum 9h 20m and will require at least one stop. Good to know Low season February High season June Cheapest flight $238 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 37% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 46% increase in price. Flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome Fiumicino Airport When to book flights from O'Hare Intl to Rome Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from O'Hare Intl to Rome based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome flights How can I catch up with the earliest flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome? If you wish to experience better convenience in making the earliest flight from ORD to Cairo, stay the night before your travel day at Four Points by Sheraton Chicago O'Hare Airport. This hotel's proximity to the airport and availability of a complimentary airport shuttle service makes traveling there simpler and less expensive. What is the best way to get to Rome city center from FCO? Consider taking a taxi from FCO if you want to reach Rome's city center in the shortest time possible. A taxi ride from FCO to the city center takes roughly 26min in light traffic. Consider taking a TAM Bus that is accessible at the airport if you want to travel slowly but for less money. From the airport, the bus travels to the city center in about 50min. Which other cities can I visit during my trip to Rome from Chicago O'Hare Airport? When planning to book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome, think of some of the cities near Rome that you are likely to visit. FCO serves a number of cities in Italy in addition to Rome. Therefore, your flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport is a chance to visit cities such as Fiumicino, Ladispoli, and Corvette. Which airline can I use when flying from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome with my kids? Book a flight from Turkish Airlines and give your kids a wonderful flight experience. Your children can enjoy the free onboard foods that are available to satisfy their appetites. You may sit peacefully with your children in the airline's comfortable, roomy seats. Do I need a passport to fly between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Rome? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Chicago O'Hare Airport and on arrival in Rome. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome flight route: American Airlines, British Airways, Iberia, Finnair, KLM, PSA Airlines, Delta, Air France, and Alaska Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome? The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome? Star Alliance, oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Rome, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Rome from Chicago O'Hare Airport? London is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome. Which is the best airline for flights from Chicago to Rome, SWISS or Scandinavian Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Chicago to Rome are SWISS and Scandinavian Airlines. With an average price for the route of $872 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Scandinavian Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $617 and an overall rating of 7.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Rome from Chicago O'Hare Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Rome with an airline and back to Chicago O'Hare Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Rome from Chicago O'Hare Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Chicago to Rome Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $583 or less one-way and $779 or less round-trip. To connect to Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD) from Downtown Chicago if you want to catch up with your flight to Rome, you have transport options. Using the Blue Line "L" train is the most popular option among travelers. The train stops at Terminals 1, 2, and 3 at the airport. The other fast and convenient transport option you can explore is a taxi. Rome–Fiumicino International Airport (FCO) is the preferred arrival airport for most of the flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Located centrally in Rome, make it easier for visitors landing here to connect to different parts of the city. Compared to Rome—Ciampino International Airport (CIA), which is another arrival airport for flights from ORD, FCO has more transport options, including trains, buses, car rentals, and taxis. If your flight is arriving at FCO late at night, nothing should worry you. You can connect to Hilton Rome Airport, where you can spend the remaining part of the night using the hotel's airport shuttle. This hotel is about 2 miles from the airport. The shuttles operate on a 24-hour basis. Persons with reduced mobility have nothing to worry about when booking their flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome. All flights from ORD to either CIA or FCO are friendly to individuals with reduced mobility. At ORD, you can get cab-to-aircraft wheelchair services from the airport's staff. Travelers who may require these special services, however, need to communicate in advance. All flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Rome allow travelers to fly with their pets. Before boarding your plane, you can have your pet relieved at any of ORD's two designated pet-relief areas. The first area is outside security on the lower levels of Terminals 1, 2, and 5. The second pet-relief area is located inside security in Terminal 3. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to Rome See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Chicago to Rome. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to Rome? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82boarding 78comfort 79food 86crew 77entertainment 82overall Airline reviews Cons: "I fell sick and my doctor advised against flying. Tried calling Swiss Air and JustFly.com: 6 calls back and forth and 7 hours on hold, no help. Finally got advised on driving to the airport to make the flight change at the Swiss Air counter at O’Hare. The representative told me to bring a note from doctor to switch flights. I did the next day. The same representative looked me in the eye after advising the day before and said there’s nothing she could do. Why make an elderly sick person drive to the airport again if you know already you cannot help??Absolutely terrible experience, no help from the airline or travel agency. Total loss of the full price of the ticket."Read more about SWISS Cons: "I fell sick and my doctor advised against flying. Tried calling Swiss Air and JustFly.com: 6 calls back and forth and 7 hours on hold, no help. Finally got advised on driving to the airport to make the flight change at the Swiss Air counter at O’Hare. The representative told me to bring a note from doctor to switch flights. I did the next day. The same representative looked me in the eye after advising the day before and said there’s nothing she could do. Why make an elderly sick person drive to the airport again if you know already you cannot help??Absolutely terrible experience, no help from the airline or travel agency. Total loss of the full price of the ticket." Pros: "Movies" Cons: "Crew was rude to passengers. One passenger asked for extra bread and crew arrogantly commented , we dont give but ok take one." Pros: "Coach seats were comfortable but if the person in front of you reclines, your video screen will be inches from your face and it becomes difficult to get out of your seat." Cons: "Crew was not particularly friendly....almost downright rude at times" Pros: "Crew was great. Seats were uncomfortable. No air. It was extremely hot." Pros: "The inflight entertainment was great and helped to pass the time. The food was good for airline food." Cons: "The flight staff was just okay - they could have been friendlier. The seat cushions seemed old - they were comfortable enough for sitting but not comfortable to sleep." Cons: "1.5 hour delay departing put a slight damper on this flight but otherwise it was fine." Pros: "Crew was attentive to passenger needs in a quiet way: without fanfare, did all possible to make it a pleasant, comfortable trip. In fact, went out of their way to get me a wheelchair ride to next flight, which I dearly needed" Cons: "First flight was delayed due to circumstances outside of airline’s control. They managed to get us there and help me with wheelchair, etc to make flight. Great service and kindness" Pros: "Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Hand carry was checked 3 different times. Goes to show that Swiss staff doesn’t trust its colleagues to determine if the bag passes muster." Cons: "Chose the option with Swiss because it showed that a checked bag was included. Got to the airport and was told to pay up for each checked bag. Great start to the trip." Pros: "Everyone was friendly, pleasant and very helpful. Upon arrival in Delhi our suitcase handle was broken." Cons: "Given we left at 7:15 am, I would’ve liked some food options instead of biscuits and peanuts" Pros: "Kosher snacks! Thank you. Screens and outlets at every seat. Safe, controlled Covid protocols including de-boarding. Excellent!" Pros: "Delta flight took extra precaution to keep all passengers safe before during and after the flight. They communicate effectively during the flight. I will be flying Delta again and again." Cons: "The trip was great" Cons: "We arrived around 39 minutes early and the whole process was very smooth" Pros: "Flight was on time and crew helped find a place for my violin. Even though I was early to the gate, they also helped me update my seat before the new flight crew arrived." Cons: "I would ask that the gate does not share in detail reason for delay in seat assignment is related to getting a family sitting together when the basic rules should apply unilaterally." Pros: "Got to my destination without any issues" Cons: "Seats/seating area are too small, and I'm not a big person." Cons: "No AC for an hour before takeoff - very uncomfortable. Audio for tv did not work." Cons: "Seat assignment for me and my traveling companion was done at gate. We had to sit in 2 different rows." Pros: "Crew was nice and welcoming" Cons: "Well, if our plane had been leaving on time it would've been superb." Pros: "Food was tolerable. Good cabin temperature. Good lumbar support and pillow." Cons: "Horrible leg space on the first leg of the journey. Air hostess we'e very inattentive. Asked for a blanket 3 times and still didn't get it. Also they had a poor attitude. Power outlets don't work on multiple seats. Oh and again no leg room. Zilch." Pros: "The little details...slippers, nice meal, foot rests, deep carryon bins." Cons: "Legroom, too tight. Attendants blocking lane unable to reach restroom, entertainment didnt work." Pros: "Lots of entertainment on the plane. Very clean. I like the personal touch of a travel Bag given and large head phones." Pros: "The staff is very accommodating and the meals served on board were good." Cons: "Plane delayed by 3 hours. Missed my other flight to Tirana. Horrible service at the airport to help me out with a hotel. Had to run around for over 3 hours. Never flying Turkish again." Pros: "The service was very nice and courteous" Cons: "The seats don’t match up to the comfort level and privacy of the other airlines" Pros: "2nd time with Turkish Airlines; no concerns. Everything handled timely and professionally." Pros: "Seat space continued to be better than BA. Nice surprise to get an evening meal on the last leg to Rome. I actually was able to sleep a bit on this smaller airplane as well. Crew went out of its way to help people board and load bags overhead. They seemed very attentive, and tried to provide extra drink options even." Cons: "Boarding process at IST was a challenge. We left from a remote gate, and the agent didn't seem interested in the boarding process. I heard no announcements, maybe because it didn't matter as everyone was crowding the door 15 minutes before boarding began. The agent seemed perturbed, but I've seen it on almost every Italian bound flight. No one wants to wait. It is actually a bit amusing to watch the struggle between boarding policies and a group of people who seem determined to ignore them. The buses were also pretty well packed. More so in Rome than IST. Not much organization in loading at either place. After all the passport control they left us to walk outside to wait for the bus. Maybe you can tell I'm not a fan of remote gates." Pros: "Turkish airlines has great service and crew in plane." Cons: "Hi, The flight was great. However my layover at airport lounge was long. I didn't like their (Turkish Business lounge)policy for not letting me have the room to sleep as the layover was more than 7hrs. I was told to ask for a hotel at reception. When i did, they said that they dont have any hotel inside and cant take me to ourside hotel too. The staff at reception of lounge was not courteous either. I only needed the room to sleep for 3 or 4 hrs. Anyway, the flight itself was great, no complaints" Pros: "Lots of in flight entertainment options. Good meals. Very nice and helpful attendants." The boarding was one of the worst I’ve ever experienced. The fault lays on Ohare Airport and not so much the airline. The waiting area by the gate was the size to accommodate a regional flight for 20-30 people and right next to a busy walkway. When you cramped nearly 300 passengers into that space is was unbearable. All and all pretty good. It’s crowded but that is what flying is all about. But no complaints otherwise. Pros: "I liked how generous they were with food and drinks" Cons: "Free WiFi could have made the flight a lot better" Pros: "Crew were excellent" Cons: "Old aircraft. Uncomfortable seats in economy. Entertainment screens old and almost impossible to watch - watched my iPhone! No mobile phone charger." Cons: "I paid for the preferred seat .and i found that people beside me didnt pay anything when i asked them ," Cons: "The flight was a bit delayed, but the airline handled it incredibly well. I was put up in a great hotel with good free food and caught another flight the next morning." Pros: "Crew was very engaging and service was good." Cons: "My seat was horrible. Right at the door, crammed, and no place to store my carry-on luggage." Cons: "Dozens of high school students screaming and climbing onto seats, crew did not intervene." Pros: "Crew was fantastic." Cons: "This was the most narrow airplane seat I’ve ever experienced. So uncomfortable." Pros: "The crew was amazing and the food was great." Cons: "Something did not go right with our booking so it took some work for the airline to get it figured out for us. Thankfully we had left plenty of time. But that was an unexpected stress." Cons: "my first flight overseas. friendly staff. movies ..headphones..pillow and blankets included. 2 beverages included with meal. only downside was paying for checked bag. looks like that is included on the return flight so that won't be and issue on the way home. no issues with carryons." Pros: "Smiling crew, clean airplane, tasty healthy food. I had all I needed to be comfortable." Cons: "I can’t think of anything to improve on." Cons: "Seat was terribl, space tiny, no legroom no air movement, hot the entire trip," Cons: "The back of the plane was significantly warmer than the rest of the plane. Very little leg room." Pros: "service was great flight was on time luggage came on time" Cons: "Food was pretty atrocious. Before having this flight I tried many times to book a special meal but their website is nearly impossible to use. So on the flight I was given two options of fish or mexican beef. Mexican beef meant slow cooked beef in a salty brown sauce with 2 kidney beans. Yes 2 kidney beans. With potatoes carrots and broccoli. Entertainment was pretty lacking. Not a lot of options. Also it was freezing the entire flight." Cons: "Flight to Stockholm was cancelled. SAS Provided no informaton on the steps for re-scheduling my flight. I had to call the SAS headquarters in Stockholm before receiving any guidance on what to do next. All service attendants ditched the ticketing desk leaving one poor employee to answer questions for over 70 disgruntled passengers. Very very very poor communication. Luckily I was finally able to book a flight using another airline after waiting on hold for 20 minutes with the regional customer service provider." Cons: "The flight good bit it’s always crappy when you loose your luggage" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Cramped in a tiny seat behind someone well over 6’5 who kept slamming his seat back to get more room. We were later diverted for a person on the flight who had health issues all the way back to Canada when we were practically over Ireland. We flew back I believe an hour and a half back only to not have proper fuel equipment which took fueling forever and caused our crew to go past their duty day which made use get diverted again to Iceland for a new crew and even more gas. We were held on the plane for a total of 8 additional hours! We were never allowed to get off the plane, we were given very minimal food and drink the additional 8 hours, and when my girlfriend asked what was going on your information person in Copenhagen said they had no idea what was going on with my Flight and had no idea where it was." Pros: "One crew member was particularly nice and personable." Cons: "We waited an hour in the plane before take-off and after boarding, during which time the crew deliberately filled the cabin icecold air thick with the highly toxic fumes from the deicing. I got a headache from it. Throughout the process the entertainment units were disabled, when they could have helped distract passengers from this ordeal. The food was disgusting. When the Danish government has repatedly bailed out SAS, it would make a lot more sense for everyone involved to have higher quality Danish products on board for the meals, especially for such things as dairy products." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Book cheap flights from Chicago to Rome Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Chicago to Rome found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/27Sat 3 stops 56h 25mORD-FCO $238 Search 1/27Sat 2 stops 38h 00mORD-FCO $239 Search 1/27Sat 2 stops 40h 15mORD-CIA $240 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 15h 20mORD-FCO $347 Search 12/7Thu 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 13h 42mORD-FCO $396 Search 12/23Sat 1 stopIberia 35h 20mORD-FCO $423 Search 12/29Fri 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 15h 31mORD-FCO $426 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 15h 20mORD-FCO $448 Search 2/13Tue 1 stopIberia 11h 20mORD-FCO $454 Search 12/22Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 33h 55mORD-FCO $738 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTAP AIR PORTUGALAmerican AirlinesIberiaUnited Airlines Search by price$240 or less$350 or less$420 or less$450 or less$740 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to Rome Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Chicago to Rome that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 35mORD-FCO 12/11Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 15h 00mFCO-ORD $526 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 12h 30mORD-FCO 12/5Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 26h 55mFCO-ORD $529 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 35mORD-FCO 12/11Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 17h 38mFCO-ORD $530 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 17h 30mORD-FCO 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 32h 00mFCO-ORD $542 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 45mORD-FCO 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 42mFCO-ORD $549 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSWISS 18h 20mORD-FCO 12/13Wed multi-stopSWISS 23h 55mFCO-ORD $580 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopSWISS 11h 55mORD-FCO 12/13Wed multi-stopSWISS 23h 15mFCO-ORD $597 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopIberia 16h 08mORD-FCO 12/4Mon multi-stopIberia 27h 07mFCO-ORD $901 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopIberia 23h 51mORD-FCO 12/4Mon multi-stopIberia 27h 07mFCO-ORD $913 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopIcelandair 12h 00mORD-FCO 12/4Mon multi-stopIcelandair 12h 35mFCO-ORD $1,016 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAmerican AirlinesTAP AIR PORTUGALUnited AirlinesSWISSIberiaIcelandair Search by price$530 or less$540 or less$580 or less$900 or less$1,020 or less Chicago O'Hare Airport - Rome Flights Departure: Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD)United States Return flight deals: Rome - Chicago O'Hare Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Rome $1,595 Business Class flights to Rome $1,856 Prem Econ Class flights to Rome $587 Economy Class flights to Rome Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $376Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Rome Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Italy » Rome $623Flights to Rome Ciampino Airport, Rome $358Flights to Rome Fiumicino Airport, Rome Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Rome flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Rome from Chicago O'Hare Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Rome from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.