Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to Florida from C$ 79 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Florida from C$ 79 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Florida ...and more Latest Florida Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayReturn MOST POPULAROrlando From Toronto Direct from C$ 159 Search flights Fort Lauderdale From Toronto Direct from C$ 118 Search flights Miami From Toronto Direct from C$ 172 Search flights Tampa From Toronto Direct from C$ 149 Search flights Fort Myers From Toronto Direct from C$ 152 Search flights Sarasota From Toronto 1 stop from C$ 426 Search flights Good to know Low season June High season March Cheapest flight C$ 79 Best time to beat the crowds (7% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (20% more expensive on average) Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Miami FAQs - booking Florida flights How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Florida? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Florida. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to Florida? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Florida from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Florida? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Florida with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Florida? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Florida from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Florida Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Toronto Pearson Airport to the following destinations at these prices or less: Fort Lauderdale C$ 147 one-way - C$ 225 round-trip; Orlando C$ 160 one-way - C$ 232 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be January, November and December. The cheapest month to fly from Toronto is November. Morning departure is around 37% more expensive than an evening flight, on average*. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to FloridaNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to Florida? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.5 EVA AirOverall score based on 6330 reviews 83entertainment 86overall 88crew 82food 87boarding 84comfort Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was friendly and professional, the food was pretty good for airplane food, and the movie selection was very good."Read more about EVA Air Pros: "The crew was friendly and professional, the food was pretty good for airplane food, and the movie selection was very good." Cons: "There was absolutely no wifi even though it was advertised as a flight with wifi. Would not have minded if it was a short flight, however, flying from Asia to North America is always a long flight." Pros: "The crew was exceptional! They were very friendly and helpful. The food was much better than I expected. The overall experience was great!" Cons: "First time on Eva air this trip. They did a fine, fine job. Cost was competitive and it was a very comfortable trip." Cons: "Plane was packed, we couldn’t get on line to check in early so ended up not sitting together" Cons: "can maybe be a little bit less strict on luggage weight" Cons: "Cleaning the restroom area more often for international flighywiuld be great" Pros: "Crew was rude and seat was very bad. I could not sleep" Cons: "They could have been more nice and helpful" Pros: "Good international films. Food was ok." Cons: "First time the bathrooms did not feel or smell fresh. I fly EVA because of the way they keep their bathrooms clean." Pros: "EVA graciously accept a name correction to my ticket where most of my name was correct but the first name wasnt. A big help. Unlike travelling in and out of China. So, i appreciated this help. Flying out at 2 am and arriving Taipei at 5 am was a good time choice too. Service on board was good. Lots of refreshments served. Nice plates used for meals in economy." Pros: "Hardware was excellent. One of the most comfortable First Class seats for sure." Cons: "CX first class is designed more for individual travelers so for couples who want to sit beside one another there will be an aisle in between them. The Boston BA lounge is horrific and depressing so it should be avoided." Cons: "Traveling Economy class has really deteriorated. I’m 5 ft. 2 in, and it’s cramped for me!" Pros: "Great crew and service" Cons: "No good beer selections and the water had a bad taste l." Pros: "Service" Cons: "Nothing it was perfect .the flight was so excellent .no words to say" Pros: "Cabot crew very nice an professional." Cons: "I wanted an aisle seat but I got stuck with a middle seat." Pros: "The overall service is great for the airfare price I paid. Can’t complaint! The new plane with central air control was a great idea; it was comfortable for the duration of the ride. That being said, I would definitely use Cathay Pacific again in the future for this price range." Cons: "The wait time to take off was WAY too long. Luckily the entertainment was available right away on the screen." Pros: "Very efficient and courteous, a pleasure to fly with your airline." Cons: "Don’t change anything!" Pros: "Except for one time service everything else is good" Cons: "Staff forgot what I have asked for boarding could have been done using zones." Pros: "The crew were friendly and efficient The flight left and arrived on time The plane was clean" Cons: "The self service check in and baggage drop at Brisbane was not effective, requiring a lot of staff intervention and help" Pros: "I had three previous satisfying flights in this airline- this one was not so and unfortunately it was a long flight." Cons: "Tris time thenplane felt old, my headset didn’t work, the food was not satisfactory ( I ordered vegetarian), and the staff was just not very friendly." Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good." Pros: "Excellent pre Boarding service and announcements; reasonably comfortable seats; great landing;" Cons: "There are never gluten free options in the snacks; there were no entertainment systems on the plane - that's not important to me but perhaps it is to others." Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable because of the head rest that is attached to the seat. However the staff and crew were friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better seats" Pros: "Newest 787 plane in the fleet. Really comfortable seats and terrific in-flight entertainment" Cons: "One of the crew members seemed really bother by everything. She was not smiling or even looking at customers when handing drinks over." Pros: "Efficient and fast boarding and getting things ready" Cons: "Seating is horrible. Not just the space but the cushion-or lack of" Pros: "Nice plane, comfortable" Cons: "We missed our runway and had to quickly ascend and retry. Disembarking the plane took 40 minutes due to the YYC skywalk being frozen. During this all communication with the passengers was minimal." Pros: "Staff is friendly." Cons: "We didn’t appreciate the walk from Gate 4 to Gate 41 TWICE when the departure gate was changed. We are in our 80’s and it was quite a trek!" Cons: "Missed my flight and i had to buy a new ticket to Saskatoon." Pros: "Downloaded WestJet app in Toronto while waiting to board the next flight. Enjoyed the selection of free movies and TV shows. Flight was on time." Cons: "The connecting flight to Halifax was a long haul at the end of B terminal. Same airline, just really far away! Maybe it has to be that way due to the international arrival, but it was stressful. Wear tennis shoes! Flight attendants were efficient but not as friendly as the Toronto folks. The advertised “power at every seat” did not work." Cons: "The flight was fine, but the aircraft arrived 3 hours late. That’s a long wait." Pros: "Very smooth flight. Nice 787" Cons: "Very cramped no room to move. I can't believe the meals that were served. Very small portions. A slice of bread for breakfast. No butter just dry bread and coffee!!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I didn’t like anything about this flight, except that we arrived safely. I had the last seat, next to the toilet, and that container or whatever it is, was dirty. Every time someone flushed, I was bathed in the smell of urine. It was raining in Toronto; consequently, my checked bag was wet through. I’m glad I was coming home rather than arriving at a vacation destination, where all my stuff would’ve been wet. I’d like to see some effort put into keeping my bag dry. Also, the passengers had to slog through the rain to get on the plane!" Pros: "That we eventually got a flight home." Cons: "Being stuck in Boston and Ottawa for 2 extra days and adding around $1200 on to our trip in hotels alone (I was travelling with 4 kids on a school trip and my wife). Additionally, we didn’t find out the flights were cancelled until we arrived at the airport. Apparently, they had been cancelled 2 hours before but there was no notification. Air Canada offered no help whatsoever and the guy at the “service” desk in Boston literally said there was nothing he could do to help. Not even find a new flight. Spent 90 minutes on the phone trying to re-book, plus re-booking hotel along the way." Cons: "I want to seriously complain about Air Canada and Kayak booking systems. I reserved the tickets to Shanghai but there were no place reminding me that I need Canadian VISA to connect flights between two Canadian cities. I am a Chinese citizen who is working at USA and not allowed to change flights in Canada based on the newest government rules. However, in both booking systems, there is no reminders. In my opinion, either Kayak or Air Canada can add a simple checkbox to let the potential guest choose his or her nationality status, then this kind of trouble can be mitigated. We talked and called Air Canada people but no buying. They kept saying this is our responsibility. We bought United Airline tickets at the last minutes and cost us about $2,400 because we cannot wait to get back China to prepare our wedding ceremony and US Visa interview. We are very very disappointed with Air Canada and will keep complaining about this issue. As a service supplier, how cannot you think on behalf of a customer? The air company definitely knows more about government rules than a customer. We did have mistakes of not researching government rules. However, the biggest mistake was we trusted Air Canada and Kayak who we thought had taken care of those kind of issues for us. Thanks." Cons: "Our connecting flight from Toronto to Thunder Bay was cancelled. AC put us in a hotel for the night. Thanks for the $15 dinner voucher. Almost paid for the salad. Then we had to get up at 530am to get the 6am hotel shuttle in order to get back to airport for our 8am flight. They seem to always cancel the 9pm flight from Thunder Bay to Toronto because not full enough. And the last flight is over sold so we have to stay the night in Toronto. Then don't offer the 9pm flight. Passengers have other commitments in their life's. We don't need AC to just hold us over for the night because one of their flights is have empty." Cons: "There were too many things to mention, but I must say the customer service is not a strong point neither is a customer first mindset. The airlines apparent made several changes between my trip and I was threaten with additional bag fees when my ticket was very clear for two carry-ons and to checked bags, which also confirmed when I confirmed my seat request. After I was required to check my bags, I realized my earbuds were in the bag and the flight attendant did not give me a pair and actually told me I could purchase a pair...REALLY!I just did a 15 hour flight from Dubai, you were delayed by 2 hours on my last connecting flight and you can't comp a pair of .25 cent earbuds." Cons: "The flight attendant looked like she was drunk. The flight was overbooked and the boarding agent asked people to stay for a later flight. There was also a Air Canada crew member who looked like he was on standby for our flight, his last name was Campbell. Once we boarded the plane we noticed that the crew member had been given a seat on the plane, where a mother with three children that was also on standby had to stay for a later flight. Not sure how 1) you overbook a flight, and much less 2) give a seat to a crew member over a customer." Cons: "I wish Air Canada sent check-in emails for flights in as well as out. I didn't get a reminder check-in email when I was flying out and that worried me a bit that there may be something wrong with my reservation. It also irritated me that because I had booked my flight through Kayak and not Air Canada directly I was not able to make any changes to the reservation online - I had to call their reservation phone number (from another country) and be put on hold for 20 minutes (so needless to say it was an expensive phone call)." Pros: "The food I purchased was good (salad, cashews, and a glass of wine)...water was offered several times during the flight" Cons: "Cabin was hot, the passenger air controls did nothing to cool us, the staff kept the cabin lights on full, so it was difficult to nap or watch the movies/tv....the sound quality of the movie/tv is awful. My travel companion became ill during the flight (nausea, minor seizure, dizziness, hot, etc...), she did not consume any alcohol...she is 57, not old by any means ."sick bags" were not in the seat pocket, the crew barely got her one in time.....they did have her sit in the back of the plane, where it was cooler. It might have been a good idea to give her oxygen...upon landing, we were told that there would be a wheelchair at the gate (never appeared), and while we were waiting for it, the crew ignored us, only concerning themselves with the location of the nearest Starbucks in the terminal, then left us with a staff member who had no idea about the wheelchair, didn't give us any sort of ice pack. ....we finally just gave up and slowly and carefully walked to baggage claim" It would have helped if I knew it would be air Canada jazz/rouge. The flight was ok but the planes are older and smaller with no entertainment. Fitting the carry one every one had was tricky and made the process longer. Overall it was ok but I actually booked a company other than air Canada and got them which was disappointing.I prefer American or overseas airlines over Canadian because the experience is usually better Cons: "Video entertainment did not work properly. Stewardess reset it but audio was totally garbled. I tried it with three different sets of earphones." Pros: "Uncomfortable seat. Super old aircraft. Wasn’t even given water" Cons: "How about a sip of water atleast?" Cons: "At the time at the gate did not allowed me even take my caryon bag with me, the staff was so rude an in an uncivilized manner start fighting with me ,I am a sinor person got very disrespected by your staff, I would like to bring a lawsuit against UA for what you did to me ,I wish an invitator from your office contantact me to explain everything," Pros: "Premium seating was worth it! I actually had room to sleep and the service was great." Cons: "Toronto's airport did not send our bags onto or flight, which I had to wait 8 hours for them to send it to my hotel. Plus, the boarding process was crazy. So many people waiting in front of the lines for them to be called. Luckily, an attendant was calling out for premium. He guided us" Cons: "At YYZ @ the wheel chair entrance, I visibly required wheel chair assistance. I approached the United INFO COUNTER and requested wheel chair assistance. She advised me to get into a long Q and after check in they will get me a wheel. chair. TSA is no greater help for your air line." Pros: "Nice crew." Cons: "Plane was small and uncomfortable. The plane was again delayed. 4 flights with United. ALL 4 delayed." Pros: "On time. comfortable aircraft." Cons: "Retrieving cabin luggage at other end: THey make you line-up in the jetway waiting for the handlers to bring it up the stairs. Took a while to get that sorted." Pros: "Not much to like. The flight was okay." Cons: "Not having free Wi-Fi and sound on the entertainment.I We could have been offered complimentary snacks as well with the beverage." Cons: "Food was 100% carbohydrate. Not a trace of greens or protein. Our party was split up even though reservations were made long in advance. Codeshare on Air Canada" EVA Air8.5 Cathay Pacific8.0 WestJet7.7 Air Canada7.1 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Florida Recent one-way flight deals 12/12Tue directPorter Airlines 3h 25mYYZ-MIA C$ 58 Search 12/12Tue directPorter Airlines 3h 25mYYZ-MIA C$ 68 Search 9/12Sat directWestJet 3h 12mYYZ-RSW C$ 99 Search 18/12Mon directAir Canada 3h 10mYYZ-RSW C$ 103 Search 24/12Sun directAir Canada 3h 02mYYZ-TPA C$ 103 Search 3/1Wed directWestJet 3h 06mYYZ-RSW C$ 111 Search 7/12Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 10h 18mYYZ-RSW C$ 118 Search 10/12Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 45mYYZ-RSW C$ 122 Search 26/12Tue 1 stopLufthansa 9h 59mYYZ-RSW C$ 345 Search 8/12Fri 2 stopsLufthansa 23h 45mYYZ-PBI C$ 4,019 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesWestJetAir CanadaUnited AirlinesLufthansa Search by priceC$ 70 or lessC$ 100 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 4,020 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 27/2Tue directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYYZ-FLL 5/3Tue directFlair Airlines 3h 20mFLL-YYZ C$ 87 Search 13/12Wed directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYYZ-FLL 2/5Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 20mFLL-YYZ C$ 92 Search 12/12Tue directAmerican Airlines 3h 35mYYZ-MIA 13/12Wed directAmerican Airlines 3h 15mMIA-YYZ C$ 155 Search 12/12Tue directAmerican Airlines 3h 20mYYZ-MIA 13/12Wed directAmerican Airlines 3h 20mMIA-YYZ C$ 156 Search 10/1Wed directWestJet 3h 22mYYZ-RSW 14/1Sun directWestJet 2h 57mRSW-YYZ C$ 172 Search 19/12Tue directAir Canada 2h 57mYYZ-MCO 26/12Tue directAir Canada 2h 51mMCO-YYZ C$ 173 Search 1/4Mon directWestJet 3h 09mYYZ-RSW 10/4Wed directWestJet 3h 05mRSW-YYZ C$ 174 Search 17/12Sun directAir Canada 3h 15mYYZ-RSW 28/12Thu directAir Canada 3h 02mRSW-YYZ C$ 181 Search 10/12Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 45mYYZ-RSW 12/12Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 37mRSW-YYZ C$ 192 Search 1/4Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 17h 50mYYZ-RSW 10/4Wed 1 stopUnited Airlines 13h 43mRSW-YYZ C$ 200 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesAmerican AirlinesWestJetAir CanadaUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 90 or lessC$ 160 or lessC$ 170 or lessC$ 180 or lessC$ 200 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to Florida Last minute flight, train and bus deals 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYYZ-FLL 7/12Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 20mFLL-YYZ C$ 109 Search 1/12Fri directLynx Air 3h 20mYYZ-TPA 18/12Mon directLynx Air 3h 20mTPA-YYZ C$ 109 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 6h 31mYYZ-FLL 7/12Thu directAir Canada 3h 15mFLL-YYZ C$ 198 Search 3/12Sun directAir Canada 3h 20mYYZ-MIA 7/12Thu directAir Canada 3h 20mMIA-YYZ C$ 211 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 03mYYZ-FLL 13/12Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 10h 17mFLL-YYZ C$ 215 Search 1/12Fri directWestJet 3h 18mYYZ-RSW 17/12Sun directWestJet 3h 03mRSW-YYZ C$ 220 Search 2/12Sat directWestJet 3h 17mYYZ-FLL 15/12Fri directWestJet 3h 13mFLL-YYZ C$ 220 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 01mYYZ-FLL 7/12Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 07mFLL-YYZ C$ 223 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopLufthansa 23h 31mYYZ-MCO 9/12Sat multi-stopLufthansa 20h 49mMCO-YYZ C$ 11,974 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopLufthansa 24h 42mYYZ-MCO 13/12Wed multi-stopLufthansa 20h 49mMCO-YYZ C$ 11,998 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesLynx AirAir CanadaUnited AirlinesWestJetLufthansa Search by priceC$ 110 or lessC$ 210 or lessC$ 220 or lessC$ 220 or lessC$ 12,000 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - Florida Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Return flight deals: Florida - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Florida C$ 916 Business Class flights to Florida C$ 660 Prem Econ Class flights to Florida C$ 159 Economy Class flights to Florida Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 96Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Florida Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida C$ 362Flights to Daytona Beach, Florida C$ 96Flights to Florida Keys, Florida C$ 124Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Florida C$ 138Flights to Fort Myers, Florida C$ 540Flights to Gainesville, Florida C$ 377Flights to Jacksonville, Florida C$ 418Flights to Key West, Florida C$ 373Flights to Melbourne, Florida, Florida C$ 96Flights to Miami, Florida C$ 159Flights to Orlando, Florida C$ 505Flights to Panama City, Florida, Florida C$ 251Flights to Pensacola, Florida C$ 362Flights to Sarasota, Florida C$ 533Flights to Tallahassee, Florida C$ 501Flights to Tampa, Florida C$ 137Flights to Tampa, Florida C$ 467Flights to Valparaiso, Florida, Florida C$ 396Flights to West Palm Beach, Florida View more Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Florida flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Florida from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to anywhere in Florida from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.