Cheap Flights from Newark Airport to Barcelona-El Prat from $239 | (EWR - BCN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW EWR - BCN Find cheap flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona-El Prat from $239 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Barcelona-El Prat These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Barcelona. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Barcelona. How much is the cheapest flight from Newark to Barcelona-El Prat?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Newark to Barcelona-El Prat that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:35 pm - 6:25 pmEWR-BCN 18h 50m1 stop 6:35 pm - 1:35 pmBCN-EWR 25h 00m1 stop $404Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 28 - Mon, Mar 4 5:40 pm - 10:05 amEWR-BCN 10h 25m1 stop 2:35 pm - 10:10 pmBCN-EWR 13h 35m1 stop $407TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Mon, Jan 29 7:15 pm - 9:00 amEWR-BCN 7h 45mnonstop 11:00 am - 2:00 pmBCN-EWR 9h 00mnonstop $494Lufthansa Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Tue, Mar 5 6:00 am - 8:20 amEWR-BCN 20h 20m1 stop 11:00 am - 2:00 pmBCN-EWR 9h 00mnonstop $498United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 15 - Fri, Feb 23 7:15 pm - 9:00 amEWR-BCN 7h 45mnonstop 12:00 pm - 7:05 pmBCN-EWR 13h 05m1 stop $511United Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Fri, Jan 19 5:19 pm - 4:20 pmEWR-BCN 17h 01m2 stops 9:10 pm - 2:00 pmBCN-EWR 22h 50m1 stop $520American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Fri, Jan 19 6:35 pm - 10:25 pmEWR-BCN 21h 50m1 stop 10:15 am - 8:00 pmBCN-EWR 15h 45m2 stops $521American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Fri, Feb 9 10:05 pm - 2:05 pmEWR-BCN 10h 00m1 stop 6:45 am - 1:55 pmBCN-EWR 13h 10m1 stop $527SWISS Find Deal Sat, Feb 3 - Tue, Feb 13 6:20 pm - 2:05 pmEWR-BCN 13h 45m2 stops 9:50 am - 8:25 pmBCN-EWR 16h 35m1 stop $545SWISS Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Wed, Jan 17 6:10 pm - 11:55 amEWR-BCN 11h 45m1 stop 11:00 am - 2:20 pmBCN-EWR 9h 20mnonstop $568Lufthansa Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Tue, Jan 16 Show more results Flights from Newark to Barcelona-El Prat - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Newark to Barcelona-El Prat to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Newark Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Newark Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport is January, where tickets cost $432 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,001 and $955 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Newark Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Newark Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 71 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $404 on Scandinavian Airlines, followed by TAP AIR PORTUGAL ($407). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $307 on Scandinavian Airlines and from $326 on SWISS. Which airlines fly non-stop between Newark Airport and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Newark Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport. There is just one airline that flies from Newark Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport direct and that is United Airlines. The best one-way deal found from United Airlines for the route is $571. How many flights are there between Newark Airport and Barcelona-El Prat Airport per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Newark Airport and lands in Barcelona-El Prat Airport, with an average flight time of 7h 45m. The most common departure time is 7:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 2 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Newark Airport and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona take? Direct flights take on average 7h 45m to travel the 3,836 miles between Newark Liberty Airport and Barcelona. What’s the earliest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Newark Airport at 7:15 pm and will be landing in Barcelona-El Prat Airport at 9:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Newark Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport jets off at 7:15 pm and lands at 9:00 am. Good to know Low season December High season October Cheapest flight $239 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 3% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 10% lower on average. Flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona When to book flights from Newark to Barcelona-El Prat Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Newark to Barcelona-El Prat based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona-El Prat flights Can I get a nonstop flight from Newark to Barcelona? No. Your flight from Newark to Barcelona will include at least one stop, so when booking your ticket, double-check to be sure you have sufficient time between flights to get to your next plane. Consider how much luggage you will have and how quickly you will be able to move through the airport. Also, check distances between gates and transport options between terminals when deciding which ticket to purchase. What can I do if I have some time before my flight at Newark? The Art & Lounge at the Newark airport offers day passes you can purchase when you have a same-day ticket for any airline. Relax and enjoy TV and Wi-Fi as well as a buffet and coffee bar. The lounge also features a Business Center and Concierge Service. For an extra fee, you can enjoy their Dry Float Spa. Does Newark have an on-site hotel? The Newark Airport Marriot is on the grounds of the hotel and you can reach it by a quick, free shuttle ride. Featuring modern décor and ergonomic design, this hotel offers comfortable beds, two restaurants, a fitness center, and plenty of workspaces. Is there public transportation from the Barcelona airport? From Terminal 2, you can take a train to stations in Barcelona. There are also Metro stops at each terminal of the Barcelona airport. The #46 Airport Bus goes into the city center. From either terminal, you can also take the Aerobus directly into the city center. You can find a cab at most exits of both terminals. The cabs run all day and night and can get you into the city center in 20 to 40min. Are there lounges at the Barcelona airport? At the Barcelona airport, you can purchase a one-time pass to an airport lounge, where you can enjoy quiet time, good food, and Wi-Fi. For some of these lounges at the Barcelona airport, you do not need a first-class or business class ticket and you don’t need to be a member of a VIP program. Do I need a passport to fly between Newark Liberty Airport and Barcelona? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Barcelona from Newark Liberty Airport. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona flight route: Delta, American Airlines, Qatar Airways, Iberia, Vueling, Aeromexico, KLM, British Airways, and Air France. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona? The Boeing 767-400 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Newark Liberty Airport and Barcelona. On which days can I fly direct from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona? There are nonstop flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Newark to Barcelona, SWISS or Lufthansa? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Newark to Barcelona are SWISS and Lufthansa. With an average price for the route of $784 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Lufthansa is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,008 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Barcelona from Newark Liberty Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Barcelona with an airline and back to Newark Liberty Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Newark Liberty Airport and BCN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Barcelona? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Barcelona from Newark Liberty Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from EWR to Barcelona-El Prat Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $582 or less one-way and $738 or less round-trip. If you are driving to Newark, remember to bring cash to pay the tolls — unless you pay by flashing your EZ Pass. Taxis will add the costs of any tolls to your fare. You can park your car in Newark airport’s long-term lot and can pay with an EZ Pass Plus. They also have an Economy Lot in P6 for about half the cost. There are also several private lot options around the airport. If you are interested in renting a car from Barcelona Airport, you will need a driver’s license, a major credit card, and a passport. KAYAK can help you make the most out of renting a car in Barcelona. Check out our ultimate guide to renting a car. Some NJ Transit buses go directly to Newark Airport and let passengers off at their terminals. You can take either a NJ Transit or an Amtrak train to the Newark Airport Rail Station. From there, you take the AirTrain to your terminal. Once you land at Barcelona, if you want to rejuvenate after your flight, consider purchasing luxurious services at the Heaven on Earth Spa Express. It has three different locations in the airport where you can get treatments such as a massage, facial, or mani-pedi. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Newark to Barcelona-El Prat? Find which airlines fly direct from Newark to Barcelona-El Prat, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Newark to Barcelona-El Prat Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Lufthansa, SWISS, +1 more Air Canada, Lufthansa, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air Canada, Lufthansa, SWISS, +1 more Air Canada, Lufthansa, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air Canada, Lufthansa, SWISS, +1 more Air Canada, Lufthansa, +2 more 1 Thursday Air Canada, Lufthansa, SWISS, +1 more Air Canada, Lufthansa, +2 more 1 Friday Air Canada, Lufthansa, SWISS, +1 more Air Canada, Lufthansa, +2 more 1 Saturday Air Canada, Lufthansa, SWISS, +1 more Air Canada, Lufthansa, +2 more 1 Sunday Air Canada, Lufthansa, SWISS, +1 more Air Canada, Lufthansa, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Barcelona-El Prat to Newark Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, Lufthansa, +2 more Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, Lufthansa, +2 more Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, Lufthansa, +2 more Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, Lufthansa, +2 more Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, +3 more 1 2 Friday Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, Lufthansa, +2 more Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, +3 more 1 2 Saturday Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, Lufthansa, +2 more Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, Lufthansa, +2 more Air Canada, Brussels Airlines, +3 more 1 2 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Newark to Barcelona-El Prat See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Newark to Barcelona. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Newark to Barcelona-El Prat? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82boarding 79food 86crew 78comfort 77entertainment 82overall Airline reviews Cons: "Nada, I slept through this leg and the staff let me be."Read more about SWISS Cons: "Nada, I slept through this leg and the staff let me be." Pros: "Amazing - they had a full dinner for a 9:55pm flight, with real silverware, complementary alcohol, for economy passengers! Crew extremely professional and efficient." Pros: "Crew was very nice and attentive" Cons: "Leg room on my first flight (longest leg of the trip) was not much and when the person in front of me leaned their chair back, my knees were touching the chair." Pros: "The crew was great! The entertainment was pretty good too." Cons: "The cabin was WAY too warm." Pros: "Food was good. Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Seats were extremely cramped. Once the person in the front reclined their seat it was very difficult to get out of the seat. Also better guidance is needed during boarding. Finally, my hand carry was checked 4 times by 4 different people, which means your staff doesn’t trust their own colleagues." Cons: "Seats and leg space were uncomfortable, staff could have been friendlier and more presentable (cleaner appearance)" Pros: "Good crew and despite the short flight we even got a sandwich which was great after a long day" Cons: "No entertainment but short flight" Pros: "the crew was great." Cons: "they asked us to check in our carry-on because the plane was full.I had important papers so I had to explain my situation. I hate confrontation so I felt anxious and I'm already an anxious flier. I feel that this should only pertain to people with larger carry-on. my was below the average size." Cons: "Despite listing items desired for breakfast per seat assignment, flight attendant still got it wrong." Pros: "A very friendly and attentive crew and a decent meal. Comfort is still iffy in coach but better than most American airlines. Good selection of movies to pass the time." Cons: "Seats in coach are cramped and some have an electrical box under the seat in front of you, so there is no room for your legs or carry on bag. Bathrooms keep getting smaller to jam in more seats." Pros: "The flight crew & the flight itself was great." Cons: "The flight was delayed by 4 hours. Not only did I miss my connecting flight, but I also missed my rescheduled flight. I had to wait another 7 hours in the airport waiting for a flight. And due to this I missed an important meeting." Pros: "Great crew, food, entertainment and drinks." Cons: "Only thing that could be improved is comfort. They provide a small pillow and blanket, but even with those, it is very difficult to sleep." Cons: "On our layover in Munich, we were at our gate, then noticed about 30 minutes prior to boarding that they’d moved us to another gate quite far away, so we hurried to the new gate, only to discover the change was an error, and we had to run back to our original gate. Made it, but annoyed." Cons: "The flight was delayed several times and we were kept waiting at the gate without knowing when exactly we will leave." Pros: "This space intentionally left blank" Cons: "For starters, they sat my 12 year old daughter 6 rows away and both of us in center seats so no one would switch with us. Mid flight, my daughter asked to switch with me since the guy next to her kept asking personal questions and was making her uncomfortable. Second, the in flight entertainment did not work. Third, I had pre-ordered a diabetic meal, they “think they may have given it to someone else.” Fourth, one hour delay making for a tight connection. And finally... they lost my suitcase. Should arrive in a few days." Pros: "The cheese sandwich was good." Cons: "Flight left late. Airport employees weren't helpful. The plane was hot." Pros: "The efficiency and kindness of the flight attendants made the trip enjoyable. The water service really helped with dehydration. Also, the food was EXCELLENT, which you don't often hear on a flight. My seat was comfortable and the movie and television selections was great. Will ABSOLUTELY fly with them again!" Pros: "Friendly flight attendants, good wine, good entertainment (which I actually don't watch), beautiful airplane, A 340, especially the downstairs restrooms." Cons: "Very uncomfortable seats, minimal leg room, mediocre food." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Having to wait 3 hours to catch the next plane. Also Frankfurt airport takes too long to get from one place to another- it’s a maze and there are too many slow checkpoints for connecting flights." Cons: "Pathetic food, and really rude crew by the standards of an international flight." Pros: "Amazing crew, fast boarding." Cons: "Uninspired food. I was served the same meals 30 years ago." Pros: "Great food, typically on time and very prompt. entertainment was good. It was an older plane so the actual screens and monitors or outdated." Cons: "There were several babies crying for at least 2/3 hours and of course it is not the fault of the crew or airline. But that definitely left a lot of people dissatisfied with an overnight flight in which we are hoping to rest before arriving in Copenhagen. Seats are getting smaller and smaller. Spaces are very tight but that seems to be the norm with all airlines" Cons: "Missed connecting flight from Copenhagen to Geneva since flight from Newark left over an hour late.. They booked me on a flight to Zurich and then to Geneva. Had a connection to France booked separately that I had to move." Pros: "Great legroom for premium seats. Even though not an emergency exit, bags need to go up, which doesn’t make sense at all." Cons: "Seats itself uncomfortable for long flights. Boarding process could be better." Cons: "Upon landing in EWR on United, per my reservation on this site my connection was on SAS to Copenhagen. Upon arrival in EWR, I received an email from this site saying my SAS flight "may be canceled". I immediately headed to the terminal where SAS was and went into the lounge to speak to an agent. The women I spoke to could not have been more rude. She told me my flight was canceled and that she did not have access to any details because that was United's responsibility. I told her that could not be the case because my flight was on SAS so if they canceled the flight, I would like to understand what my options are given that I had a tight window upon arrival into my final destination into Dubrovnik so I could not be too late in landing outside of my original reservation. She told me that I had to talk to United and did not even acknowledge why there was a cancellation or anything other than the SAS flight I was on was cancelled. She barely even helped me to understand where my luggage was which I was very concerned would be lost given the issue with the flight cancellation. As a result of all of this, it turns out I was put onto a United flight that now had MORE connections. I had to now go to Frankfurt to Vienna to Dubrovnik, all with really tight connections AND now I no longer was on the same flight as my friend who I was traveling with. SAS did not help with any of this or care to assist in ANY way. They told me it was out of their hands and I had to talk to United. AWFUL service when SAS had cancelled the flight! I had no choice but to take the re-routed flights. I ended up running to my gates and barely catching all of my connections which made for a very stressful travel experience to start my long awaited vacation. After paying the high cost I did for my flight, I am extremely frustrated with my experience as I ended up having more connections, tight connections, awful customer service and a really stressful trip. This is NOT would I would expect for how much I paid and out of the quality of an airline. I would like to receive some type of compensation for the extreme inconvenience of landing 3+ hours after my original arrival time, being broken up with my friend who I was traveling with, not being given any options for my travel, terrible customer service assistance, and no acknowledgement from SAS to help me in any way." Pros: "On time and clean airline." Cons: "Not helpful with stroller. Wanted us to sign off that they were not responsible for if stroller broke while handling it. Insane. They said it “might “ to big even though they didn’t know what measurements would be too big. We’ve flown for the last 3 years with this stroller but different airlines and never heard of such thing. (Since it’s the smallest city mini double stroller there is and folds flat- super small!) first time we flew SAS all. We didn’t sign anything and gate checked it and all was fine but some incompetent crew at check in. Not very helpful finding seats with all four of us. Put us in different rows. Could work on their customer service for sure." Pros: "The 7 hr trip to Copenhagen was rough. The seats are too close together. My knees hit the seat in front of me even without reclining. When the seat in front of me reclined the tv screen was 6” away from my face. It was next to impossible to get out of the seat." Cons: "Legroom." Pros: "Left on time. 50 minutes early in Copenhagen. Food was not bad." Cons: "TSA at EWR was ridiculous. Slow lines and very inefficient." Cons: "We arrived late in Copenhagen and I had 20 minutes to catch my connecting flight. Even though I was checked-in for the Copenhagen to Athens flight it left without me. I was then transferred through Prague to get to Athens and again missed my connecting flight through there. Now I am stuck in Prague looking for a flight to Athens and most likely will miss my next flight from Athens to Karpathos and will again be stuck in Athens because there are no flights out to Karpathos until 19 of May, 3days from now. I was physically in the Copenhagen airport and could have made that flight, I feel that since I was already checked in they should have waited for me and allowed me to board. Now I will Be missing work!" Pros: "Boarding was quick and easy. Decent amount of overhead space. The pilot was friendly. USB ports for charging phones at the seat. Free bottle of water at your seat." Cons: "No overhead fan. When flight got really hot, no way to moderate temperature. No choice of food at all, unless you are in economy plus. I don't remember the last time that a trans-Atlantic flight had at least a meant, or fish, or vegetarian dish. Usually, at least two or three dishes. On SAS, everything has to be ordered ahead of time. Some of the flight attendants were friendly, some not so friendly. No free alcoholic drinks even with dinner. Limited regular drinks - they are only served with food, aside from that you have to purchase even the non-alcoholic drinks. The food just wasn't very good, even compared to other airline food. Compared to other companies, relatively small selection of entertainment. I had considerably more choice on a domestic flight than on a 9 hr. international SAS flight. Storage pockets at the seat are pretty small." Pros: "Staff was great" Cons: "There should be a choice of Halal meal also, while booking the seat" Pros: "The crew on the plane and at the Dublin airport were nice. We haven’t made it to Dubrovnik. Plane from Newark was delayed, we missed our connection, our luggage was misplaced, then they didn’t have another flight until the next day, and they sent us to a hotel that didn’t have any rooms available." Cons: "What couldn’t have? Thanks Aer Lingus." Pros: "Overall everything went better than expected. Flew Aer Lingus from East Coast through Dublin to Rome. Making the connection in Dublin was the easiest connection I’ve ever made and I fly multiple times every month. I would fly Aer Lingus to Europe again for sure." Cons: "We did not get to select the seats. I did get an extremely low priced fare so I was prepared. The seats were in the very back of the plane from Dublin to Rome even though there were many seats open throughout the plane. I couldn’t figure out how to purchase upgrades using the app." Pros: "The welcome, hospitality and service by the crew were all excellent" Pros: "The food" Cons: "Crew bare minimum service entertainment not functioning properly check in difficult flight operated by aer lingus" Pros: "Absolutely nothing" Cons: "Traveling for important business trip. Flight got canceled for “operational issues” and I Never received a notification from the airline or booking agency. I was told I couldn’t get a flight until 24-48 hours later. There were flights available through other airlines, so I asked if they could get me on one of those flights. I then sat on hold for 45 mins to be told that the airline wasn’t responding and the only thing they could do is refund me. I ended up purchasing a new round trip airfare 4 hours before departure which cost me $1000 more than what I paid for my original flights. I was experiencing a lot of anxiety and stress during this period again with no help from the agents. I expect someone to get back to me regarding this and offer some options on how to make this situation right." Cons: "My flight from the US to Dublin was delayed by 3.5 hours because the original inbound plane broke down and they sent a smaller replacement. Then they could not locate a crew." Pros: "The crew was very helpful and has provided lots of water now and then, wich was really relieving on the long distance. The seats were quite comfortable, the food quite all right." Cons: "The flight was delayed wich caused a lot of stress bevor, while and after it, 'cause of the connection flight, that we were afraid to miss. We've got the connection at the end, but the luggage didn't come with us, so a luggage investigation was needed. A lot of paperwork and stress, hopefully I'll at least get it back soon. Entertainment wasn't available for several hours, it was an error in the system or something. Some of the seats have had it, others have had not. It took them hours to fix it." Cons: "We tried to get a checked bag when checking it online but the site kept shutting down. When we got to the airport they told us it was $100 for each of our checked bags. They would not let us back away from the counter and check in online, even though it was only $45 online. The man who helped us was fine but his boss was rude and totally unhelpful. We will not fly Aer Lingus again if possible, which is sad because we are Irish and like the rest of the experience usually." Pros: "The crew was very pleasant. The food was actually good! The flight was exactly on time! And they didn’t loose my luggage! It was perfect" Pros: "Flights arrived on time" Cons: "Lousy crew at checkin gate, and on plane, they try and charge you for everything" Cons: "I had to pay for my check in bag extra, which was not clear in the booking process. Very misleading!" Pros: "Great seat back screen entertainment options." Cons: "I like that they keep costs down by not including extras like in flight alcohol and food." Pros: "Was ok. Got us there but everything is a la carte" Cons: "Was ok. Newark is awful." Pros: "Iceairline has been delayed from Newark , can’t catch the connection flight from Reykjavik to Frankfurt at same day , ponsdond to next day flight ." Pros: "The flight was nice." Cons: "I didn't like the check in personal.The one older woman was very rude & I don't think I will be flying with you again." Pros: "I liked that it was non-stop. The crew was nice. They gave out a bottle of Icelandic water and pillow and blanket." Cons: "Too crowded. Not enough explanation about the plane and different comfort levels of the different seat levels. I might have paid for upgraded seat if I had understood what the conditions would be. Also there was no explanation as to whether there would be food served or not." Cons: "Our bags were not sent with us to Zurich. The airline made no attempt to keep us updated. THE HOLD TIME ON A PHONE CALL TO ICELAND AIR WAS 2 HOURS !! I rated Food as "Poor" since nothing was served!" Pros: "Water bottle" Cons: "Delay that made me miss my connecting flight, which was then rescheduled a full 24 hours later. This is cutting into my vacation and the time to see my family." Pros: "I liked the movie options." Cons: "I don’t understand how you can be on a flight for 5 hrs and all they give you is water!!!! The seats were beyond painful and the space was so cramped. There was no sleeping on this red eye. Plane noise was extremely loud and we were not by the wing. Our flight was delayed and they didn’t say a thing until it was past the time to board!!! Really?!? No apologies for it either. This is the worst flight I have ever been on. Dread getting in this flight to go home." SWISS8.0 Lufthansa7.8 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Aer Lingus7.4 Icelandair7.3 Book cheap flights from Newark to Barcelona Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Newark to Barcelona found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/12Fri 1 stop 13h 25mEWR-BCN $239 Search 2/21Wed 1 stop 13h 30mEWR-BCN $240 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopSWISS 13h 15mEWR-BCN $326 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 14h 25mEWR-BCN $334 Search 12/30Sat 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 17h 50mEWR-BCN $342 Search 12/5Tue nonstopLufthansa 7h 45mEWR-BCN $453 Search 1/13Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 34h 48mEWR-BCN $468 Search 1/12Fri nonstopLufthansa 7h 45mEWR-BCN $470 Search 2/20Tue 1 stopSWISS 18h 25mEWR-BCN $471 Search 1/10Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 7h 45mEWR-BCN $502 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSWISSTAP AIR PORTUGALLufthansaUnited Airlines Search by price$240 or less$330 or less$450 or less$470 or less$500 or less Last minute flights from Newark to Barcelona-El Prat Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Newark to Barcelona that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 11h 20mEWR-BCN 12/12Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 14h 50mBCN-EWR $465 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 11h 20mEWR-BCN 12/7Thu multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 13h 35mBCN-EWR $469 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 14h 25mEWR-BCN 12/9Sat multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 17h 20mBCN-EWR $476 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 28h 10mEWR-BCN 12/9Sat multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 13h 35mBCN-EWR $489 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 7h 45mEWR-BCN 12/7Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 9h 20mBCN-EWR $494 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 11h 32mEWR-BCN 12/10Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 9h 20mBCN-EWR $498 Search 12/1Fri nonstopLufthansa 7h 45mEWR-BCN 12/10Sun multi-stopLufthansa 12h 05mBCN-EWR $513 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 14h 55mEWR-BCN 12/3Sun multi-stopLufthansa 13h 01mBCN-EWR $521 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopBritish Airways 9h 55mEWR-BCN 12/11Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 12h 35mBCN-EWR $566 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 41mEWR-BCN 12/17Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 35mBCN-EWR $594 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTAP AIR PORTUGALUnited AirlinesLufthansaBritish AirwaysAmerican Airlines Search by price$470 or less$490 or less$500 or less$520 or less$590 or less Newark Liberty Airport - Barcelona Flights Departure: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Destination: Barcelona-El Prat (BCN)Spain Return flight deals: Barcelona-El Prat - Newark Liberty Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Barcelona $2,689 Business Class flights to Barcelona $1,316 Prem Econ Class flights to Barcelona $587 Economy Class flights to Barcelona Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport $387Flights from Newark Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Spain » Barcelona-El Prat $387Flights to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, Barcelona Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Barcelona-El Prat flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Barcelona-El Prat from Newark Liberty Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Barcelona-El Prat from Newark Liberty Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.