Cheap Flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle to New York from $208 | (CDG - NYC) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW CDG - NYC Find cheap flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York from $208 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/8. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to New York These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Paris to New York. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Paris to New York. How much is the cheapest flight from Charles de Gaulle to New York?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Charles de Gaulle to New York that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:30 am - 5:05 pmCDG-SWF 11h 35m1 stop 6:15 pm - 10:30 amSWF-CDG 10h 15m1 stop $263PLAY Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Thu, Jan 18 11:30 am - 5:05 pmCDG-SWF 11h 35m1 stop 6:15 pm - 10:30 amSWF-CDG 10h 15m1 stop $264PLAY Find Deal Thu, Feb 22 - Mon, Mar 4 7:45 pm - 10:00 pmCDG-JFK 8h 15mnonstop 11:55 pm - 1:30 pmJFK-CDG 7h 35mnonstop $381Norse Atlantic Airways Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Sun, Jan 14 7:45 pm - 10:00 pmCDG-JFK 8h 15mnonstop 11:55 pm - 1:30 pmJFK-CDG 7h 35mnonstop $399Norse Atlantic Airways Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Thu, Jan 11 8:45 am - 11:04 amCDG-LGA 32h 19m2 stops 2:46 pm - 6:55 amLGA-CDG 10h 09m1 stop $438United Airlines Find Deal Sat, Mar 2 - Sun, Mar 3 11:25 am - 2:10 pmCDG-JFK 8h 45mnonstop 10:25 pm - 7:40 pmJFK-CDG 15h 15m1 stop $438American Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 7 - Sun, Dec 10 2:30 pm - 7:25 pmCDG-JFK 10h 55m1 stop 12:30 am - 1:40 pmJFK-CDG 7h 10mnonstop $439Air France Find Deal Sat, Dec 9 - Tue, Dec 12 11:40 am - 11:04 amCDG-LGA 29h 24m1 stop 2:46 pm - 6:55 amLGA-CDG 10h 09m1 stop $444United Airlines Find Deal Sat, Mar 2 - Sun, Mar 3 6:30 pm - 9:00 pmCDG-JFK 8h 30mnonstop 6:30 pm - 7:45 amJFK-CDG 7h 15mnonstop $486Air France Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Fri, Jan 19 7:00 am - 2:00 pmCDG-EWR 13h 00m1 stop 9:45 pm - 2:05 pmEWR-CDG 10h 20m1 stop $500American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Wed, Jan 31 Show more results Flights from Charles de Gaulle to New York - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Charles de Gaulle to New York to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York cost $242 and was between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $389. What is the cheapest month to fly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York is March, where tickets cost $405 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and August, where the average cost of tickets is $743 and $685 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York, you should book around 4 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 86 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York found on KAYAK was with Norse Atlantic Airways for $208. PLAY proposed a round-trip connection from $263 and Scandinavian Airlines from $319. Which airlines fly most frequently between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and New York? The airlines most regularly connecting Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York are Air France (12 flights per day), United Airlines (4 flights per day), and American Airlines (2 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and New York? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York. There are 6 airlines that fly nonstop from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York. They are: Air France, American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, Norse Atlantic Airways and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Norse Atlantic Airways at $346 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Norse Atlantic Airways. How many flights are there between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and New York per day? Each day, there are between 20 and 25 nonstop flights that take off from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and land in New York, with an average flight time of 8h 33m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport. Each week, there are 159 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and New York? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York take? Nonstop flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport generally make it to New York in 11h 20m. The flying distance between the two cities is 3,626 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport at 8:30 am and will be landing in New York at 10:40 am. What’s the latest departure time from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York jets off at 7:45 pm and lands at 10:00 pm. Good to know Low season June High season December Cheapest flight $208 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 7% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 8% increase in price. Flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York John F Kennedy Airport When to book flights from Charles de Gaulle to New York Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Charles de Gaulle to New York based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York flights Do I need a passport to fly between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and New York? A passport is required to fly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York. Which airports will I be using when flying from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is served by only 1 airport and there are 3 airports in New York. You will leave Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Paris Charles de Gaulle and you will be arriving in New York at one of these airports: Newark, New York John F Kennedy Intl, or New York LaGuardia. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? Air France, Virgin Atlantic, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? The Boeing 777-200/200ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and New York, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? There are nonstop flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Paris to New York, Delta or Lufthansa? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Paris to New York are Delta and Lufthansa. With an average price for the route of $626 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Lufthansa is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $683 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to New York from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to New York with an airline and back to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to New York from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Paris to New York Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $892 or less one-way and $465 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Paris Charles de Gaulle to New York? Find which airlines fly direct from Charles de Gaulle to New York, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Paris Charles de Gaulle to New York Search Flights Monday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Air France, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Friday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Air France, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Air France, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 See more direct flights Nonstop returns New York to Paris Charles de Gaulle Search Flights Monday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Air France, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Air France, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Friday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Air France, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Charles de Gaulle to New York See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Paris to New York. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Charles de Gaulle to New York? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19621 reviews 78food 82comfort 86crew 82overall 83boarding 79entertainment Airline reviews We were very impressed by the crew. They were professional and friendly, making for a very pleasant experience. Because the aircraft was relatively small, everyone interacted with the same small number of crew members.Read more about JetBlue We were very impressed by the crew. They were professional and friendly, making for a very pleasant experience. Because the aircraft was relatively small, everyone interacted with the same small number of crew members. Cons: "WiFi didn’t work well, tv had to be reset" Pros: "Complimentary snacks and drinks." Cons: "Broken seat back, broken tray table, audio input didn't work." Pros: "Crew was nice, and pilot was helpful and got us there early." Cons: "My screen for movies didn’t work, and the level of comfort was... almost none. I would’ve upgraded to more room, but for $55? When I’m already checking a bag for $30? On top of flight price? Too high, expected JetBlue to not jam pack all the seats like the exit aisle.... for long flights, not again." Pros: "This time within the last couple months the trip a lot better." Cons: "Newer plane with less issues. Wasn’t comfortable at all and should be cleaner." Cons: "Entertainment System wasn’t working properly. Movies were down as were many of the channels. Although a disappointment, JetBlue is still amazing!" Pros: "A good seat And punctuality" Cons: "The crew wasn’t helpful in anything. They were scaring us with their behaviour. very nervous specially the only man in the crew. They didn’t attend us because something could happen. Nothing happened. Some turbulence. That’s it" Cons: "The TV plug fed out static volume and the TV worked randomly .. The Afro American flight attended gave a nasty attitude and didnt allow me to completely request my order as if she was in a rush" Cons: "Boarding took a long time. We were waiting in the tunnel for longer than usual." Cons: "Reckless and inconsiderate airline. The only carrier refusing to modify travel due to Covid-19 pandemic" Cons: "The plane waited 40 minutes for delayed connecting flights to arrive. It's great for some passengers because they don't miss the transatlantic flight, but it causes others to miss their connections on the other end. It added to very stressful deplaning." Pros: "Bombardier C Series. Most leg room and comfort of any plane" Pros: "The crew was polite and helpful. The wine was free and each seat had it's own screen with a good assortment of movies and TV shows." Cons: "The food could be much better. Although coming from Sicily it's tough to compare." Cons: "Check in was annoying in Paris as we had to go to ticket counter, and then go to a different counter to pay for luggage. Annoyed in the first place to have to pay for 2 checked bags on international flight, but to have to go into three separate lines in order to do so was pouring salt into a wound." Pros: "The food was actually really great and the attendants were super responsive/friendly! Even in coach, the seats were comfortable." Cons: "I missed my connection and got to Hong Kong a day late." Pros: "Professional courteous staff" Cons: "Tray table slid downward whenever it was opened. Headphones quit after the first hour and got scratchy. So little room..tiny video screen. I could not get advance seating because of a code share flight." Pros: "Great services and the staffs. Very comfortable flight and plane" Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Though I was never sent an email for my daughter's check in, I had a different reservation for her but still under my name and same email, when I called on the phone the people were pleasant. They still never provided me with an email though and information allowing me to have my daughter checked in. they only provided me with her reference number." Cons: "All in all we had a poor experience and my family and I were disappointed. I'm about to book yet another ticket for my brother, but this time I'm not considering Swiss Air. Just so you know, I'm a very positive person and appreciate every polite and courteous gesture. Unfortunately this experience didn't allow me to do so." accomodating check in staff, friendly flight crew ( a crew member was speaking tactlessly and was overfamiliar with passengers Very good airline. There is still some room for improvement but overall I’m happy The crew should demonstrate flexibility by moving a screaming infant to its own seat with 1 parent The Virgin seats in business are quite narrow and also don’t recline enough in a seated position. When you make them into a bed, it is quite hard, despite the thin cover and cannot be adjusted at all, in comparison to business seats in other airlines. Virgin need to upgrade the quality of their seats. The food on this flight, I had an AVML was not good, normally though I have found the food to be good. Other than that, the staff were very attentive and pleasant during this long 14 hour flight. On arrival to JFK it to 3.5hrs to clear immigration, as only 3 booths open. Almost missed connection Narelle and Victor were amazing and delivered 1st class customer service The crew on both flights were courteous and professional. The flights were smooth and on time. Great experience overall. There could have been at least a drink on the flight's JFK - JAX leg. I didn’t like that I had to be pulled aside to be searched in front of people like a criminal. Even if you had to search people create a room no in front of people. It’s not decent at all. I love to fly with virgin always. Flight delayed over two hours, very little communication from staff then had to wait 2.25 hrs to clear passport control. Had arrangements for evening ruined as a result. Pros: "The crew was friendly, the food delicious, and the plane itself in highest quality and state-of-the-art." Brooklyn - flight attendant was amazing Lots of turbulence and screaming babies but Delta can’t help that Pros: "Only selection of movies but that’s all!" Cons: "Flight delay could have been explained better, boarded the plane and sat in for about 2:30 min, crew could have been more proactive but NO! Food especially thinking this dinner time in business class fare very small portions! Wi-Fi paid for full flight but it was turned off in the mid of the air!" Pros: "There was an incredibly large passenger next to me and I was essentially afforded only a quarter of my seat. It is not really fair for anyone to have to sit next to someone taking up twice their seat." Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Cons: "the flight was delayed and so I missed my train home" Pros: "Food was good and plentiful. I definitely left the flight feeling full." Cons: "We thought we were flying AirFrance as our emails came from them and were surprised to learn after waiting in the AirFrance baggage drop queue for 30 mins that we were in the wrong place." Cons: "Crew was rude and made everything seem like a chore." Pros: "Wonderful plane, delicious food, great variety of drinks. Lots of movies to select from" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Staff and equipment" Cons: "Early to arrive but gate not ready so we lost our edge" Cons: "The Ground crew didn’t know how to add a bag" Pros: "The food and the entertainment" Cons: "Boarding was late and they change the number of the gate without telling the passengers. The seats were uncomfortable." Pros: "Food and service is excellent. Istanbul lounge is great." Cons: "Delayed in both directions. Happens. But zero announcements. Zero. Staff didn't know what was going on. Complete chaos." Pros: "The crew was excellent, the food good." Cons: "The entertainment system, in three out of four long flights, did not work. In the one that "worked", the sound was terrible and this made the experience totally unsatisfactory. A major airline should avoid this." Pros: "Friendly staff, great food and entertainment selections, care package/pillow/blanket provided, comfortable flight" Pros: "There was almost nobody on the flight. In flight entertainment was awesome too." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "The flight was excellent, with good food and good service. The crew was very professional and courteous." Cons: "Our experience in the Istanbul airport. We got off our connecting flight and no one was willing to provide us with directions. We had to stand in a security line for two hours thinking that we had as a consequence missed our connecting flight. Again, no communication. We found out when we finally got through security (we had already gone through security at the Paris airport), everyone was in the same situation and our flight had been delayed. It would have been helpful to know that as we were standing in line. While in the line, many people panicked and starting pushing their way to the front of the line. Again, no officials were there to keep order. It was truly a mess! And creating too much anxiety and stress that I really wanted to not have on my trip back to the USA. I realize that in these times, we must go through added security, but I am accustomed to US airports where there is more communication over the intercom and by airport officials. In Istanbul, it seemed that everyone did not want to give directions, and airport officials seemed to avoid the public they were there to serve." Pros: "The flight was good. The food tasted great. They had some good movies I haven't seen yet. The flight attendants were constantly up and down the isles either giving you something or taking away trash. The leg room was sufficient." Cons: "The customer service on the phone and in person was completely unprofessional, rude and a bit uneducated. They yelled at me when I asked them "is there anything yall can do to fix this?". And then in person I watched them get out of their seats and yell at this older woman." Pros: "Professional and friendly staffing, comfortable flight." Cons: "We realized when boarding to first flight that they did not included my son on next connection flight...oops when it was addressed they fixed it in a professional matter with appologies at boarding." Cons: "In flight entertainment system was not functioning. Turkish refused to provide hotel in Istanbul as per their policy even after being told by Turkish employees in the USA and France that this would be provided due to my 20 hour layover. I will not fly Turkish again in the future." JetBlue8.1 SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 Book cheap flights from Paris to New York Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Paris to New York found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/8Fri nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 8h 15mCDG-JFK $208 Search 12/19Tue nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 8h 15mCDG-JFK $210 Search 1/11Thu nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 8h 15mCDG-JFK $222 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopPLAY 11h 35mCDG-SWF $234 Search 12/14Thu 1 stopPLAY 11h 35mCDG-SWF $238 Search 12/7Thu nonstopAir France 8h 25mCDG-JFK $448 Search 12/6Wed nonstopAir France 8h 10mCDG-JFK $451 Search 1/25Thu nonstopLufthansa 8h 30mCDG-EWR $487 Search 2/17Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 11h 08mCDG-LGA $491 Search 1/28Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 8h 30mCDG-EWR $494 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineNorse Atlantic AirwaysPLAYAir FranceLufthansaUnited Airlines Search by price$210 or less$230 or less$450 or less$490 or less$490 or less Last minute flights from Charles de Gaulle to New York Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Paris to New York that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopPLAY 11h 35mCDG-SWF 12/9Sat multi-stopPLAY 10h 15mSWF-CDG $323 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopPLAY 11h 35mCDG-SWF 12/12Tue multi-stopPLAY 10h 15mSWF-CDG $336 Search 12/1Fri nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 8h 15mCDG-JFK 12/2Sat nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 7h 35mJFK-CDG $390 Search 12/1Fri nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 8h 15mCDG-JFK 12/3Sun nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 7h 35mJFK-CDG $404 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAir France 8h 40mCDG-JFK 12/9Sat multi-stopAir France 30h 50mJFK-CDG $456 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAir France 13h 11mCDG-EWR 12/26Tue nonstopAir France 7h 05mEWR-CDG $955 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 16h 20mCDG-LGA 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 21h 30mLGA-CDG $1,101 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 20h 43mCDG-LGA 1/11Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 30h 55mLGA-CDG $1,104 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 16h 19mCDG-LGA 12/7Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 19h 50mLGA-CDG $1,294 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 13h 45mCDG-LGA 12/7Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 32h 31mLGA-CDG $1,299 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePLAYNorse Atlantic AirwaysAir FranceUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$340 or less$400 or less$960 or less$1,100 or less$1,300 or less Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport - New York Flights Departure: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)France Return flight deals: New York - Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to New York $1,899 Business Class flights to New York $1,099 Prem Econ Class flights to New York $389 Economy Class flights to New York Browse origins: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris » Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport $234Flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to New York Browse destinations: Flights » United States » New York State » New York $234Flights to New Windsor, New York $309Flights to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, New York $424Flights to New York LaGuardia Airport, New York $285Flights to Newark Airport, New York Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search New York flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to New York from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to New York from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.