Cheap Flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale from $19 | (ATL - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ATL - FLL Find cheap flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale from $19 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/29. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:00 am - 10:03 amATL-FLL 2h 03mnonstop 1:16 pm - 3:20 pmFLL-ATL 2h 04mnonstop $33Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Wed, Jan 17 2:12 pm - 4:05 pmATL-FLL 1h 53mnonstop 1:16 pm - 3:14 pmFLL-ATL 1h 58mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Thu, Dec 14 10:55 pm - 12:52 amATL-FLL 1h 57mnonstop 8:05 pm - 10:00 pmFLL-ATL 1h 55mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Fri, Dec 15 5:21 am - 7:15 amATL-FLL 1h 54mnonstop 7:22 am - 9:19 amFLL-ATL 1h 57mnonstop $40Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Wed, Jan 10 10:55 pm - 12:52 amATL-FLL 1h 57mnonstop 7:10 am - 9:11 amFLL-ATL 2h 01mnonstop $41Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 10:55 pm - 12:52 amATL-FLL 1h 57mnonstop 6:35 pm - 8:40 pmFLL-ATL 2h 05mnonstop $42Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Sun, Dec 17 10:55 pm - 12:55 amATL-FLL 2h 00mnonstop 2:43 pm - 4:52 pmFLL-ATL 2h 09mnonstop $44 Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Sat, Jan 20 2:36 pm - 4:34 pmATL-FLL 1h 58mnonstop 9:00 am - 11:01 amFLL-ATL 2h 01mnonstop $45 Find Deal Mon, Feb 5 - Mon, Feb 12 6:30 am - 8:20 amATL-FLL 1h 50mnonstop 8:59 pm - 11:00 pmFLL-ATL 2h 01mnonstop $138Delta Find Deal Thu, Apr 25 - Mon, Apr 29 7:15 am - 9:12 amATL-FLL 1h 57mnonstop 10:04 pm - 11:57 pmFLL-ATL 1h 53mnonstop $188JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Apr 19 - Sat, Apr 27 Show more results Flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? The average price of all flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Saturday is the most expensive. Flying from Fort Lauderdale back to Atlanta, the best deals are generally found on Tuesday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale is September, where tickets cost $96 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is $194 and $158 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Frontier offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $19. KAYAK users also found Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale round-trip flights on Frontier from $33 and on Spirit Airlines from $39. Which airlines fly most frequently between Atlanta and Fort Lauderdale? Delta connects Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale with up to 5 flights per day. Southwest also offers 3 flights per day, while Spirit Airlines follows with 3 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Atlanta and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale. They are: Delta, Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $36 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Atlanta and Fort Lauderdale per day? Each day, there are between 12 and 20 nonstop flights that take off from Atlanta and land in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 1h 53m. The most common departure time is 10:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 106 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Atlanta and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Fort Lauderdale from Atlanta is typically 1h 49m. The journey crosses a distance of 582 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Atlanta at 5:21 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 7:15 am. What’s the latest departure time from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 11:21 pm and lands at 1:15 am. Good to know Low season August High season March Cheapest flight $19 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 27% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 18% increase in price. Flight from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale Is there a prayer room at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport? Suppose you’ve just landed at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport from ATL and wish to thank the Almighty for a safe journey voyage. In that case, the airport features a room designated for payers. You’ll find this quiet room at the south end of Terminal 3, away from the noisy terminals. Where can I withdraw money at FLL? Travelers arriving at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) from Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) with depleted wallets won’t have a shortage of options in case they want to recharge them. Multi-currency ATMs are situated after security on Concourse B in Terminal 1, Concourse D in Terminal 2, and Concourse F in Terminal 3. Where are car rentals found at FLL? About 12 car rental agencies operate their desks at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL). If you’re arriving via Terminal 1, head to the consolidated rental facility on Level 2 from where you’ll take a shuttle bus to the garage. It might be best if you booked in advance to enjoy special rates. Is there a United Club at Fort Lauderdale International Airport (FLL)? Travelers aboard American Airlines from ATL to FLL should remember that the carrier runs a lounge at this establishment. You can locate it in Terminal 1, Airside, near Gate C1. Although priority access is for members and holders of registered cards, any person can access it at a reduced cost, irrespective of the airline they’re traveling. What concourse at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport has the most dining options? Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport is one of the largest airports in the United States and, as such, has plenty to offer in terms of dining. Concourse T, in particular, features a long list of restaurants including the likes of Papi’s Caribbean Cafe, Uncle Maddio's, and Corner Bakery Cafe. Can I fly from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale non-stop? Yes, Spirit Airlines, jetBlue Airways, and Delta Air Lines all offer direct flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale. One-stop flights between the two cities are also offered by airlines like Spirit Airlines and American Airlines, with the most common layovers occuring in Orlando and Charlotte. What is the quickest way from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport to downtown Fort Lauderdale? If you plan to take public transport, the main option available is train service by Tri-Rail, which connects the airport to Fort Lauderdale, Miami, and West Palm Beach. The Sun Trolley is another option for travelers who wish to visit Fort Lauderdale’s historic city center. However, renting or driving a personal vehicle is the quickest option in most cases. Are there other airports serving Fort Lauderdale and neighboring areas? For travelers booking flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale, it should be noted that there are other airport options available like Miami International Airport or Palm Beach International Airport. Both airports are just a short drive away from Fort Lauderdale, at 30 minutes and 45 minutes away, respectively. Additionally, Tri-Rail Train service connects the three cities and airports. Do I need a passport to fly between Atlanta and Fort Lauderdale? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale flight route: Delta, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Cape Air, Spirit Airlines, JetBlue, Copa Airlines, Aeromexico, Silver Airways, and LATAM Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? The Boeing 757 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Atlanta and Fort Lauderdale, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? There are nonstop flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $158 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $210 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from Atlanta is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to Atlanta with another airline. Booking your flights between Atlanta and FLL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from Atlanta up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ATL to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $57 or less one-way and $90 or less round-trip. Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) is divided into two terminals, Domestic Terminal and International Terminal. Between the terminals lie concourses T, A, B, C, D, E, and F. Inter-terminal movement is via the Plane Train which runs regular services between the terminals and concourses, departing every 5-15min. In case you have an early morning flight from Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) to Fort Lauderdale International Airport (FLL), endeavor to spend a night in one of the numerous hotels adjacent to ATL. Usually, these establishments provide courtesy shuttles to and from the airport, ensuring that you reach the terminal in time for your flight. Kimpton Overland Hotel - Atlanta Airport, An IHG Hotel is one such facility. Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) caters to the needs of disabled passengers and persons with mobility limitations. Each terminal is wheelchair accessible and has ADA-compliant restrooms. Inter-terminal movement is via walking tunnels and a fully accessible underground plane train. Still, dedicated airport agents will guide you through the checkpoints, the elevators, and when boarding. Families departing via Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) will be glad to know that the facility is equipped with necessary suites designated for mothers and the little ones. If you wish to breastfeed or pump in privacy, you’ll find these rooms close to gates T-7, B-5, D-34, and F-5. Also in the rooms are sinks, comfy chairs, and electrical sockets. If you’ve arrived earlier than your scheduled departure, kill time by exploring the airport’s dynamic art installations. Stroll through the transportation mall between concourses A and B and marvel at the 450-foot-long “Flight Paths” installation. It features immersive colors and simulated rain showers complete with thunder and lightning. Dropping off a rental car before embarking on your flight out of Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? The Rental Car Center is conveniently connected to the airport via the complimentary SkyTrain, making it an easy trip of just a few minutes to reach the airport. For travelers who prefer to take public transport, the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) offers both bus and train connections to the airport. MARTA’s Red and Gold Train Lines both link Atlanta’s downtown area straight to the airport. Aside from featuring one the United States’ premier airports, Atlanta also has earned its fair share of fame for its musical traditions. Fortunately for travelers passing through Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport, those musical traditions are on full display through the airport’s entertainment program, which brings live musicians right to the airport’s terminals on a daily basis. Are your pets accompanying you on your trip from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? If so, make sure to stop by Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport’s 1,000-square-foot dog park. Located outside of the Domestic Terminal South by the Ground Transportation area, the dog park is completely fenced-in and is the best way to let your dog stretch its legs before flying. There are also designated pet relief areas in every concourse of the airport. As the homebase of Delta Air Lines, Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport naturally has plenty of Delta Sky Clubs throughout its terminals. Travelers flying direct to Fort Lauderdale via Delta may want to consider taking advantage of these lounges, where they will find amenities like complimentary reading materials, WiFi, and even travel assistance. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from Hartsfield-Jackson to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Azul, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14218 reviews 86overall 90crew 78food 87boarding 80entertainment 84comfort Airline reviews Pros: "Southwest crew was amazing and the flight boarding was very quick!" Cons: "More snack and drink options" Pros: "Southwest crew was amazing and the flight boarding was very quick!" Cons: "More snack and drink options" Pros: "The plans to board 10 people at a time for social distancing" Cons: "Even though there were rules for social distancing, they were not enforced by the staff" Cons: "Flight was over an hour late. We had to get off the plan because of a fuel problems." Cons: "I was able to connect to internet and watch movie Thank you" Pros: "The entertainment was great. I wish WiFi would have worked." Pros: "Affordability was the strongest motivator in choosing Southwest." Cons: "I hate that you have to pay extra for the opportunity to sit together with fellow travelers." Pros: "The crew was really friendly and wanted to ensure you were comfortable." Pros: "Very smooth, quick flight. Very attentive, friendly flight attendants. Overall great experience!" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "New plane. Much quieter and nicer. Also got aisle seat in emergency row, so had plenty of room." Cons: "I still think the charge of $8 for internet is just too high. Although I enjoyed watching football game, I would rather listen to Apple Music subscription. But I’m not paying $8 for this pleasure for 2 hours. How about reducing the price to $2 or something else that is less." Pros: "The ability to sit next to my person." Cons: "Soccer team of over 20 kids who were allowed to act their age. Also, your pretzel bags are hard to open. Southwest flight attendants were awesome." Pros: "Like that I had access to WiFi whole on the plane." Cons: "Not charging for food or snacks" Pros: "Excellent leg room, friendly staff, smooth plane ride and new upgraded seats" Cons: "Nothing, excellent experience" Cons: "Nobody speaks english. Announcement also in Portuguese. Very difficult for foreigners. Gate people are awful." Cons: "Our flight out of Atlanta was delayed twice, and eventually cancelled due to mechanical problems - this caused us to miss our connecting flight from JFK to TLV. We had to rescheduled our flights (slow and convoluted route): Atlanta, Boston, Newark, Tel Aviv. We are presently in Boston." Pros: "Crew was kind and very helpful. Also, I found the seats to be comfortable and didn’t feel squished. There was plenty of leg room. Great experience overall. Thank you!" Cons: "Absolutely nothing! Was a fantastic experience!!!!" Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "Lower fees for checked luggage!!! Not to follow other airlines charging for the first suitcase. Thanks" Pros: "Nice plane, amenities" Cons: "Better information about perpetual delays - honesty about delay. Information to respond appropriately." Pros: "All fine except that entertainment was curtailed becasue of flying to Cuba" Pros: "Jet blue was on time and there's plenty of snacks" Pros: "Crew was nice and the flight was fine" Cons: "I was quite shocked that the seat I had originally been put in the head phone jack and The Wholearea where the channel changes was falling apart. I was able to switch seats due to flight being not full but that would be annoying. I also was weirded out that they did not ha e touch screens. In general the plane just seemed old and dirty to me." Pros: "That i was able to watch movies, snacks were provided and water" Cons: "Nothing really!" Pros: "On a quick 40 minute flight they still managed to serve coffee, water and snacks." Cons: "Seats are terrible - need replacing-worn out; say like Queen Latina, setting on top of one another; absolutely no leg room!" Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Pros: "We actually did not fly this route. We bought a car and drove home!" Pros: "The crew was amazing. My seat was comfortable." Cons: "The plane was delayed. It arrived over 25 minutes after it was originally scheduled to." Pros: "Crew was friendly and graciously got the hot tea I wanted." Cons: "Had to collect & re check luggage between flights. Couldn't they have been transferred to the next aircraft?" Cons: "I understand when weather is rough not moving the beverage carts but a small bottle of water would be appreciated." Pros: "Got me there Safely" Cons: "Couldn’t understand announcements... at all! By flight attendant or pilot" Pros: "ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!" Cons: "At 12:40 p.m. we boarded American Airlines flight 1350 in ATL, just to SIT on plane for 1 1/2 hours (half the time with NO AIR). Computer problems. Had to get off plane, then had to wait in 3 lines. Agents were so UNPROFESSIONAL! Kept saying flight would go... DID NOT go until another plane came in at 9:00 PM! We, needless to say missed our connecting flight to SYDNEY and had to wait til next day and fly to SAN FRANCISCO, then to MELBOURNE, then on to Christchurch. We MISSED out on TWO DAYS of our short trip! which included missed reservations!!" Pros: "the crew was very friendlily and the flight was great and confortable." Cons: "none" Pros: "The airplane was modern, clean and comfortable and the flight was on time" Cons: "Everything was good" Pros: "On-board staff were professional and kept everything running smoothly and with great communication from the pilot." Cons: "Claiming baggage at LaGuardia was an hours-long process for everyone on the flight leading to raised tension and lots of tired folks on what was already a late (and delayed flight)." Pros: "VEry good Cabin crew and the plane was reasonable new" Pros: "The flight was good crew members was nice and professional." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3 hours waiting for a flight attendant" Pros: "The flight attendants were nice and helpful" Cons: "First of all flight was delayed an hour and a half.. Then I went to get something to eat to kill time just to find out they switched the gate causing me to have to run all the way to the new gate then they close the door as I was walking up and told me I missed my flight even though the plane was still there for another 15 minutes.. so I had to fly standby on the next flight which was another hour and a half later.. I arrived at the airport at 12:30 and didn't end up catching a flight until 7:45 p.m.... oh and I forgot to mention that I originally paid for an upgrade for priority seating with more legroom that I never received because they put me on the very last seat that you can't even replying because there is a wall behind you.. SMH" Pros: "food" Cons: "My flight was overbooked. I almost didn't make it home." Pros: "The entertainment, the crew were very hospitable. The flight was on time" Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "Take off could have been better. It was delayed, but pilot helped resolve the problem; so, it was fine." Pros: "Crew was very nice" Cons: "They could’ve offered free snacks instead of only offering items for purchase." Pros: "The seat for United First is really comfortable and the in-flight dinner for the route was pretty good." Pros: "United did a great job keeping us informed of where the plane was and why we were being delayed. Only 15 minutes late. But staff explained why and I think this helps ease people's anxiety. Inflight wifi was awesome!" Pros: "Boarding was easy and there was plenty of overhead space for my carry on luggage" Cons: "Coach cabin was not spacious at all. Very little leg room and the aisles seemed very cramped. Also, the seats weren't particularly comfortable." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "It was not a good experience at all. Honestly, I wanted my money back. I sent United this letter, but no one is gotten back to me yet. Hello, my name is David Larkins. I have had literally the worst airline experience of my life today with United airlines. With confirmation number BS2EL9, my flight was set to go from Atlanta to Burbank, with a connection in San Francisco. The flight from Atlanta was delayed about 10 minutes, however, they assured us that we would arrive in San Francisco at the correct time of 9:39 AM with enough time to get to our connecting flights. They lied. Whereas we did arrive in San Francisco at around 9:39 AM, the plane taxied for approximately 15 or more minutes before letting anyone off of the plane. Still, I ran to my connecting flight before it left the runway at 10:10am. However, I was not permitted to step onto the plane by the fellow at the gate at the time. He told me that because boarding time was over at 9:55a, he would not let me step on the plane even though it was still on the runway. I was upset. I went to customer service and explained my situation to them. Speaking with a girl named Krystin S., I explained that I really needed to get to Burbank on time, before 2 o'clock. Today, I had a final for school, a meeting, and interview with a job, and I had to drop my dog off at the vet for an appointment which costed around $150. Krystin told me that there was nothing she could do, and offered me only a meal voucher. I was offended, and declined the voucher. I then spoke to customer service and they told me there was nothing they could do after informing me that the flight that they switched my flight to was delayed yet another hour and I would not arrive until 350pm. This is absolutely unacceptable, and I need a remedy. Far larger than a simple meal voucher. I have lost more money by missing my flight to Burbank because of the Atlanta airport lying to me then the flight was even worth. Also, I requested to speak to someone, but the representative on the phone said they didn't have a phone number to speak to anyone which adds to the cumbersome nature of this issue. Please contact me back, as soon as possible. I'm very upset at the situation. David Larkins" Pros: "This regional airplane was extremely comfortable! The flight was comfortable and the crew was very helpful." Cons: "I wasn't too excited that the in-flight entertainment quit working about five hours in, but the crew did their best to remedy the situation." Pros: "I appreciated the seat assigned to me was directly behind first class; gave me more leg room." Pros: "It got to me to Atlanta fine. But going back to Newark was a nightmare." Cons: "When I checked in at Newark, I upgraded my seat from 22 B to 7B for $55. I also paid $25 for my small piece of luggage. I was told there may be a lot of suitcases and it was better to check it. When on the plane, a stewardess came up to me and asked to see my boarding pass (which was scanned when I got onto the plane.) I gave it to her and she never returned it to me. I get an EMAIL while in Atlanta, saying my seat on the flight was canceled because I was a NO SHOW on the 27th to go down to Atlanta. I had the receipt of my seat upgrade, my receipt for the checked luggage, and the tag on the luggage. I called United who said I wasn't on the plane. After a long conversation, she said she fixed it. I get to the Atlanta airport on 10/31, and I was not in the system. I had to get a supervisor and they said my seat was gone and I may not be able to get back to NJ that day. After the agent called United Headquarters, they finally got me on the plane. I was told once again I should check my luggage and shelled out another $25. I then get to the gate, and the agent at the gate was asking for 10-20 people to check their luggage for FREE. That was it for me. I will not fly United again, and have already requested that my Executive Admin's not use United and use other airlines when they book business trips because I would hate for anyone to have to go through what I did. I am 44, have been flying since I was 5, and have never had anything like this happen and don't want it to happen to anyone else I know. I was disgusted by the whole situation." Pros: "On time, even arrived early. Nice, clean plane. Good experience." Southwest8.4 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/29Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 02mATL-FLL $19 Search 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 54mATL-FLL $20 Search 12/11Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 57mATL-FLL $21 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 53mATL-FLL $29 Search 12/6Wed nonstopSouthwest 1h 50mATL-FLL $92 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopSouthwest 3h 15mATL-FLL $97 Search 3/29Fri nonstopJetBlue 1h 49mATL-FLL $144 Search 3/21Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 3h 58mATL-FLL $177 Search 3/29Fri 1 stopJetBlue 6h 49mATL-FLL $231 Search 5/16Thu 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 9h 05mATL-FLL $264 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesSouthwestJetBlueAmerican Airlines Search by price$20 or less$30 or less$100 or less$180 or less$260 or less Last minute flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 57mATL-FLL 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 06mFLL-ATL $41 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 53mATL-FLL 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 58mFLL-ATL $48 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 1h 53mATL-FLL 12/6Wed nonstop 2h 05mFLL-ATL $54 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 6h 27mATL-FLL 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 55mFLL-ATL $55 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 57mATL-FLL 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 03mFLL-ATL $57 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 53mATL-FLL 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 58mFLL-ATL $58 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 53mATL-FLL 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 1h 58mFLL-ATL $60 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 1h 53mATL-FLL 12/9Sat nonstop 1h 55mFLL-ATL $63 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 1h 53mATL-FLL 12/9Sat nonstop 2h 06mFLL-ATL $64 Search 12/3Sun nonstopJetBlue 1h 53mATL-FLL 12/6Wed nonstopJetBlue 1h 55mFLL-ATL $258 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierJetBlue Search by price$50 or less$60 or less$60 or less$60 or less$260 or less Atlanta - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: Atlanta (ATL)United States Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - Atlanta Cabin classes: $594 First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $353 Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $39 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $35Flights from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $35Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Compare transportation modes for Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale Average price Average duration Flights $256 1h 50m Buses $204 14h 43m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Honolulu Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Atlanta. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from Atlanta. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.