Cheap Flights from Washington Dulles to Paris from $234 | (IAD - PAR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW IAD - PAR Find cheap flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris from $234 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/15. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Washington, D.C. to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Washington, D.C. to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from Dulles Intl to Paris?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dulles Intl to Paris that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:05 pm - 10:30 amIAD-CDG 10h 25m1 stop 11:30 am - 4:55 pmCDG-IAD 11h 25m1 stop $306PLAY Find Deal Mon, Mar 4 - Fri, Mar 8 6:05 pm - 10:30 amIAD-CDG 10h 25m1 stop 11:30 am - 4:55 pmCDG-IAD 11h 25m1 stop $307PLAY Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Mon, Jan 15 7:05 pm - 10:30 amIAD-CDG 10h 25m1 stop 11:30 am - 5:55 pmCDG-IAD 11h 25m1 stop $311PLAY Find Deal Fri, Mar 15 - Sat, Mar 23 7:40 pm - 12:00 pmIAD-CDG 10h 20m1 stop 1:00 pm - 6:20 pmCDG-IAD 11h 20m1 stop $402Icelandair Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Wed, Jan 31 5:15 pm - 7:20 pmIAD-CDG 20h 05m1 stop 8:05 pm - 3:45 pmCDG-IAD 25h 40m1 stop $411Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Mon, Feb 19 - Thu, Feb 29 5:15 pm - 7:20 pmIAD-CDG 20h 05m1 stop 8:05 pm - 3:45 pmCDG-IAD 25h 40m1 stop $414Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Mon, Jan 22 5:30 pm - 2:30 pmIAD-ORY 15h 00m1 stop 12:35 pm - 9:05 pmORY-IAD 14h 30m1 stop $418TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Sun, Jan 28 7:40 pm - 12:00 pmIAD-CDG 10h 20m1 stop 1:10 pm - 6:20 pmCDG-IAD 11h 10m1 stop $419Icelandair Find Deal Fri, Feb 23 - Fri, Mar 1 10:35 pm - 9:45 pmIAD-ORY 17h 10m1 stop 3:20 pm - 1:00 pmORY-IAD 27h 40m1 stop $419TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Sun, Jan 21 6:05 pm - 6:25 pmIAD-ORY 18h 20m2 stops 9:05 am - 3:50 pmORY-IAD 36h 45m2 stops $645Lufthansa Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Mon, Feb 19 Show more results Flights from Dulles Intl to Paris - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dulles Intl to Paris to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Paris flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Paris. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Paris cost $484 and was between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $599. What is the cheapest month to fly from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Paris? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Paris is January, where tickets cost $487 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $899 and $899 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Paris? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Paris, you should book around 2 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 15 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris found on KAYAK was with PLAY for $234. PLAY proposed a round-trip connection from $306 and Icelandair from $402. Which airlines fly non-stop between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and Paris? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Paris. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Paris. They are Air France and United Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is Air France, with the best one-way deal found costing $610. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air France. How many flights are there between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and Paris per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 5 nonstop flights that take off from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and land in Paris, with an average flight time of 7h 30m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening, while the most flights land at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Each week, there are 26 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and Paris? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris take? Direct flights take on average 10h 20m to travel the 3,843 miles between Washington Dulles Airport and Paris. What’s the earliest departure time from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport at 5:30 pm and will be landing in Paris at 6:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Paris jets off at 9:25 pm and lands at 11:05 am. Good to know Low season February High season September Cheapest flight $234 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 17% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 19% lower on average. Flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from Dulles Intl to Paris Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dulles Intl to Paris based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Washington Dulles Airport to Paris flights Can I get travel assistance when traveling from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris? You can access travel assistance services in IAD. This service is meant for passengers who would like to cut down on the hassles and stressful situations related to the trip. Travel assistance offered here by concierge companies helps people save time and money. Some will even coordinate your stay in a hotel, facilitate all transfers, and shop while you wait to board your Paris-bound flight. Which airports can I arrive in Paris from Washington Dulles Airport (IAD)? If you are traveling to Paris from IAD, the best airport to fly to is the Paris Charles de Gaulle (CDG). This is because most of the airlines plying this route have already established themselves in this airport and offer numerous flights here compared to other airports. However, another good option is Paris Orly (ORY). How can I get from the city center to Washington Dulles Airport? There are up to five ways that you can get to IAD. You can choose to use either the metro, buses, shuttles, taxis or executive car services. The Silver Line Metro is the cheapest and easiest way to get there. However, if you would like a little bit of privacy, or have a lot of luggage, then you can use the private transfer as it is more convenient. How do I get from the airport to Paris city center? Paris has an elaborate transport system that connects the numerous airports with the city. You can use public transport such as the Paris Metro or go private by taking a taxi. The good thing about these means of transport is that they are readily available and easily accessible. Also, the journey will only take a couple of minutes. However, it is important to first consider the mode of transport you decide on, especially if you are traveling with luggage. For example, if you want to use public transport, you can board the RER B Line that links the airports to Paris. The journey only takes 35min and passes through Denfert, Chatelet-Les-Halles, and Rochereau. Do I need a passport to fly between Washington Dulles Airport and Paris? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris? Washington Dulles Airport is served by only 1 airport and there are 3 airports in Paris. You will leave Washington Dulles Airport from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl and you will be arriving in Paris at one of these airports: Paris Beauvais-Tille, Paris Charles de Gaulle, or Paris Orly. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris? Only Lufthansa offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Washington Dulles Airport to Paris flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris? The Boeing 777 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Washington Dulles Airport to Paris flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Washington Dulles Airport and Paris, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris? There are nonstop flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Washington, D.C. to Paris, Lufthansa or Scandinavian Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Washington, D.C. to Paris are Lufthansa and Scandinavian Airlines. With an average price for the route of $944 and an overall rating of 7.8, Lufthansa is the most popular choice. Scandinavian Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $462 and an overall rating of 7.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris from Washington Dulles Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris with an airline and back to Washington Dulles Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Paris? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris from Washington Dulles Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Washington, D.C. to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $595 or less one-way and $798 or less round-trip. When traveling from Washington Dulles Airport (IAD) to Paris and would love to stay over in a hotel before the flight, we recommend booking the Washington Dulles Airport Hotel by Marriott. The hotel is equipped with all the necessary amenities that you would need as a traveler. IAD has free Wi-Fi access for everyone in the airport. This ensures that all the necessary services that you’d like to access online are conveniently accessible, from booking to entertainment. Wi-Fi is accessible in the terminal and lobby areas and is named FlyDulles. IAD also offers currency exchange booths for all travelers who would like to exchange their currency before boarding in Paris. These services are accessible throughout the day from different stations such as the Terminal Upper Level, Concourse A, and Concourse C. Travelers with electric vehicles can charge them at the numerous charging stations in each lobby. The good thing about it is that you are allowed to charge your car at no additional cost, only the standard parking fees will apply. People traveling to Paris with luggage can rent a luggage cart from the Smarte Carte section in IAD. For departures, you can rent one on the curbside. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl to Paris? Find which airlines fly direct from Dulles Intl to Paris, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl to Paris Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Friday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Paris to Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Friday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Dulles Intl to Paris See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Washington, D.C. to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dulles Intl to Paris? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82boarding 77entertainment 78comfort 79food 82overall 86crew Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was friendly and helpful." Cons: "The aircraft looked new. However the seat widths seemed small. Awkward recline as well. The seats were just not comfortable."Read more about SWISS Pros: "The crew was friendly and helpful." Cons: "The aircraft looked new. However the seat widths seemed small. Awkward recline as well. The seats were just not comfortable." Pros: "Great helpful flight crew" Cons: "Checking our bag was a nightmare. All bag check-in was at kiosk which we couldn't use because we had to pay to check our bag. Had to find a desk in another terminal to check bag, then pay an another desk for said checked bag. We saved money by ticketing this way but we almost missed our flight" Pros: "Crew were great" Cons: "Cabin kept very hot, very difficult to sleep. Seats were so-so comfortable" Pros: "The AC was working well during the flight. Food was so much better than United and crew was very nice and helpful." Cons: "The seats in economy class are horrible, I had to get up every hour for a short stretch. The entertainment system remote control was very sticky, quite disgusting. Good think I carried some disinfecting wipes." Pros: "Very friendly and cooperative crew. Entertainment is well upated with latest media." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "the CREW WAS FRIENDLY AND CELEBRATING EASTER WITH THE GUESTS" Cons: "THE FOOD WAS ADEQUATE, GIVEN THAT WE WERE ON AN AIRPLANE" Pros: "On time! Courteous. Free meal! Even on flight less than 2 hours!" Cons: "All good!" Cons: "The crew responsible for boarding did not provide timely information (especially on who boarding order) and "made up" for this lack of communication by yelling and screaming at passengers as if they were cattle." Pros: "The food that I did get was decent There was wine A couple decent movies were available" Cons: "They were basically out of food almost everytime they got to me. The Arm rest only went half way up They didnt pass out water as much as they usually do" Cons: "We were scheduled for a 55 minute layover in Zurich which was not nearly enough time. Our plane was 10 minutes late in landing but our next flight was delayed 5 minutes. We had to take a bus from the plane to the terminal, go through immigration with very long lines, take a tram to our departure terminal and then run to our gate which was at the end of a very long hallway. Luckily they held the plane but it was very stressful and exhausting getting to our plane." Pros: "The personal at counter very helpful." Cons: "Some information on website is unknown for call center people, like issues dealing with disabled people." Pros: "Way to go AVIANCA, changing the craft for a bigger one was a great idea!!!" Cons: "Rude check in employees, mediocre flight crew terrible food. Only good thing about the flight was the check in counter people at Asunción airport. The rest was so bad, will never flight with Avianca ever again." Pros: "crew was wonderful but we sat on the runway the whole day and then they cancelled the flight" Pros: "Es impresionante lo que ha desmejorado Avianca en su clase ejecutiva. Un vuelo de más de 5 horas y la silla no reclina sino solo un poco y no hay donde apoyar los pies. La comida estuvo mala." Cons: "Tienen que mejorar su servicio en ejecutiva y si les toca usar ese avión mejorar la comodidad de las sillas." Pros: "Cada ves que viajo en Avianca , estoy viendo y sintiendo un detrimento en la atención así como en la comodidad de los aviones. Viaje de Washington a Bogotá en busines, y la incomodidad de el avión es desesperante. Q pasa AVIANCA? Acaso se va a acabar nuestra empresa colombiana q ha sido el org" Cons: "The arrival to bogota was a caos. We waited 2 hours to get immigration..." Pros: "Boarding was easy- food was ok. Flight on time" Cons: "The temperature during the flight was to hot Flight attendance were not friendly which is unusual for Avianca" Cons: "Check in at Dulles was chaos, even though we had completed online check in and just needed to do our luggage drop. I am pregnant and was carrying a 2 y/o toddler and had no preferential/priority treatment. Though we arrived 2+ hours before our departure, we only just made our flight. Ground crew were unfamiliar with Brazilian laws on entry for citizens with expired passports. Our bags never left DC and we received them over 72 hours later in Sao Paulo, after much confusion. We were not offered any means of compensation for this inconvenience." Cons: "The flight was delayed for more than an hour at Dulles. When we arrived in Bogota, at 9:40 we had time to catch the connecting flight to Montevideo which was scheduled to leave at 10:20pm.... but instead we stayed in the tarmac without moving for over 45 minutes. There were over 30 passengers that were to take that connecting flight, so the airline had plenty of reasons to wait for us. Instead the airline, AVIANCA, chose to leave all of us stranded in Bogota for 24 hours. We will have all type of problems because of this we had hotel reservations as well as car rental reservations that may be lost because we didn't showed up. By the way according to one of the passengers whose husband travelled on the same flight the day before. The same thing happened to him 1 day earlier." Pros: "Crew was very attentive and professional." Cons: ". The economy seats on the Lufthansa A350 were extremely uncomfortable and seemed excessively narrow as well has having cramped legroom. I could not get comfortable let alone sleep, and my backside felt like I had been sitting on a park bench rather than a long haul coach airline seat." Pros: "My flight was delayed four hours, so I missed my connection to Sofia and had to re-book for two connecting flights instead of one, which makes for a long, tiring trip." Cons: "I understand the delay due to weather conditions, but I wish I was rebooked for one, not two connecting flights. Now, instead of flying directly to Sofia from Frankfurt, I have to go to Munich first and then to Sofia, which makes my trip 9 hours longer" Cons: "They told us there were no earbuds so recommended using our own. Our children had left theirs at home so they ran to get a $20 pair nearby. But the the plane DID have the buds; what we did not have were blankets — the crew said none were to be had." Pros: "On the first leg of flight - united, we were surprised by the stewardess' request. We have 2 small children. The stewardess asked the man to change the seat so we can have more room in the center seats. We are grateful for that otherwise it will be very uncomfortable long flight." Cons: "I am hoping for games but didn't find chess or any other games on the Lufthansa flight. Please add that on the flight otherwise I will stuck watching the movies the rest of flight." Pros: "The crew was very friendly and provided excellent service" Cons: "The seat could have been a little bit more comfortable. Then again for a long trip, unless you are in business or first class, it's not going to be that comfortable." Cons: "Fight could have been on time! It was over 45 minutes late, because of the crew" Pros: "Baggage arrived with me. Upgraded to First Class because so many of those passengers got other flights the night before." Cons: "Original 5 pm flight was cancelled because there was no Crew or plane, even though it’s a United hub. Though flight cancelled early, United could not get me home same day so provided hotel and meal. Next day flight scheduled 7:05 then 8 am, but even that time came and went without boarding. 15 hours delayed and no hurry getting the plane to depart at the stated time. Total lack of customer service and concern" Pros: "Underseat AC power and USB power was the highlight of the trip." Cons: "Food portions were tiny. Totally dehydrated at the end of the flight, and water was passed out in 100 mL servings. Insufficient space under the seat for a backpack." Pros: "I wasn't expecting free in-flight movies and meals, which were very welcome" Cons: "Our flight was 9 hours late. We were given no notice of this until we arrived at the gate. it took an hour if holding before we could reach customer service. Customer service at our arrival gate was extremely slow. Baggage claim closed before my daughter’s luggage was released and it was lost until the next day. Our connecting flight was booked incorrectly do we had to spend the night in Frankfurt. Our 13 hour flight took 29 hours. The food was awful." The whole process for us was easy and seamless. Nice crew, on time departure, easy flight, very little if any turbulence. There’s no entertainment on short haul flights however passengers were chatting to each other about their trip which was good to hear vs plugged in. Vegan options for purchase would be good. Overall a really good flight experience. My flight with WestJet was cancelled due to weather and because I booked with Kayak I was not a priority for rebooking so I have not been able to find a flight for five days. My vacation time would be over at that point. I was not aware of that in cancellation I would not be a priority And could not find another flight. In a good point, I was refunded quickly and without issue it’s very disappointing. You plan your vacation and cannot find another flight without long layovers. Flight staff did fine once the plane actually left its departure location. But the 3-hr delay due to “flight crew was not present” followed by a 1-hr delay to “un-board ~10 people, and re-board these people due to an unclear security breach” was unacceptable. Check in was painless, easy going crew. Short flight, so no entertainment. They offered a snack .. a single biscuit. Otherwise the service wasn’t excellent nor was is bad. Cons: "Waited in the main terminal almost two hours before the check in desks were open." Pros: "The crew was very patient to get all the passengers' needs from gate-to-gate. The flight was very smooth, landing to takeoff, and arrived on-time!" Cons: "Getting from one flight to the other was a major hassle. How many times do they have to check your boarding pass?" Cons: "Flight experience was the way air travel use to be." Pros: "The dreamliner is an amazing plane. I really liked the window tinting feature it has." Cons: "We were on tarmac for an hour waiting to take off" Pros: "Good boarding process and crew today." Cons: "Plane was delayed and connection in Copenhagen was missed, resulting in a five-hour delay overall." Cons: "Seats are too small in economy to be comfortable. Boarding was unclear and confusing, mainly because I didn't have a boarding group on my boarding pass." Pros: "N/A" Cons: "I was unable to make it to copenhagen due to missing my connection" Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Everything. Our flight was delayed from our departing city because the plane was leaking water on the floor and they had to send in a special cleaning crew to try to stop it. We were not given the seats we pre picked months before when buying the ticket. The ac was broken for the first half of the flight. Then, we missed our connecting flight because of the first delay. Once we got onto a new connecting flight, it was also delayed and once again, we missed our last connecting flight and are not making it to our final destination today." Pros: "Great flight on SAS" Cons: "Very good food and outstanding choice of movies as entertainment." Pros: "I liked the bottle of water in my seat. Thanks!" Pros: "Crew was friendly and professsional. Breakfast was good , as well as the selection of movies." Cons: "Apparently SAS is not part of the TSA network, so I was unable to use my Global Entry membership to get TSA Pre-Check. Non-alcoholic beverage service was meager (one beverage only)." Pros: "Everything was nice and smooth. Nice comfort and smooth flight, arriving slightly before the time" Pros: "Friendly service. No problem with moving to open seats to stretch out." Cons: "Even though it was an older plane, it was still comfortable." Pros: "Plane was fine and it arrived on time." Cons: "Main meal was awful. Crew was hard to find. Also water or juice was not served on flight after the meal (for hydration)." SWISS8.0 Avianca7.9 Lufthansa7.8 WestJet7.7 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Book cheap flights from Washington, D.C. to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Washington, D.C. to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/15Mon 1 stopPLAY 10h 25mIAD-CDG $234 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopPLAY 10h 25mIAD-CDG $244 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopPLAY 10h 25mIAD-CDG $259 Search 3/16Sat 1 stopIcelandair 10h 20mIAD-CDG $347 Search 2/29Thu 1 stopIcelandair 10h 20mIAD-CDG $370 Search 1/31Wed nonstopLufthansa 7h 40mIAD-CDG $453 Search 1/12Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 12h 27mIAD-CDG $457 Search 12/31Sun nonstopLufthansa 7h 25mIAD-CDG $483 Search 12/24Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 11h 50mIAD-CDG $501 Search 3/2Sat nonstopAir France 7h 30mIAD-CDG $539 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePLAYIcelandairLufthansaUnited AirlinesAir France Search by price$240 or less$350 or less$450 or less$480 or less$540 or less Last minute flights from Dulles Intl to Paris Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Washington, D.C. to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stopPLAY 10h 25mIAD-CDG 12/12Tue multi-stopPLAY 11h 25mCDG-IAD $386 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopPLAY 10h 25mIAD-CDG 12/14Thu multi-stopPLAY 11h 25mCDG-IAD $406 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopIcelandair 10h 20mIAD-CDG 12/10Sun multi-stopIcelandair 11h 20mCDG-IAD $496 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopIcelandair 10h 20mIAD-CDG 12/17Sun multi-stopIcelandair 11h 10mCDG-IAD $509 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 19h 40mIAD-CDG 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 32h 10mCDG-IAD $560 Search 12/5Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 7h 25mIAD-CDG 12/10Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 40mCDG-IAD $566 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 10h 03mIAD-CDG 12/11Mon nonstopDelta 8h 45mCDG-IAD $571 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 10h 03mIAD-CDG 12/11Mon multi-stopDelta 12h 45mCDG-IAD $579 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAir France 10h 03mIAD-CDG 1/24Wed nonstopAir France 8h 40mCDG-IAD $1,031 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAir France 7h 40mIAD-CDG 12/7Thu nonstopAir France 8h 40mCDG-IAD $2,786 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePLAYIcelandairUnited AirlinesDeltaAir France Search by price$410 or less$510 or less$570 or less$580 or less$2,790 or less Washington Dulles Airport - Paris Flights Departure: Washington Dulles Airport (IAD)United States Return flight deals: Paris - Washington Dulles Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris $2,858 Business Class flights to Paris $1,592 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris $599 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » United States » District of Columbia » Washington, D.C. » Washington Dulles Airport $285Flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Paris Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris $609Flights to Paris Beauvais-Tille Airport, Paris $285Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris $418Flights to Paris Orly Airport, Paris Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Paris flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris from Washington Dulles Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Paris from Washington Dulles Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.