Cheap Flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona from $80 | (TLV - BCN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW TLV - BCN Find cheap flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona from $80 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 3/29. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Barcelona These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Tel Aviv to Barcelona. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Tel Aviv to Barcelona. How much is the cheapest flight from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:25 pm - 8:15 amTLV-BCN 11h 50m1 stop 10:50 pm - 4:00 amBCN-TLV 4h 10mnonstop $116 Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Tue, Feb 6 11:25 am - 8:35 pmTLV-BCN 10h 10m2 stops 8:50 am - 9:05 pmBCN-TLV 11h 15m1 stop $117Ryanair Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Wed, Jan 31 6:55 am - 10:45 amTLV-BCN 4h 50mnonstop 10:50 pm - 4:00 amBCN-TLV 4h 10mnonstop $118Vueling Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Jan 18 6:55 am - 10:45 amTLV-BCN 4h 50mnonstop 10:50 pm - 4:00 amBCN-TLV 4h 10mnonstop $119Vueling Find Deal Thu, Jan 4 - Sun, Jan 7 6:55 am - 10:45 amTLV-BCN 4h 50mnonstop 8:00 am - 8:25 pmBCN-TLV 11h 25m1 stop $120 Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Jan 18 6:55 am - 10:45 amTLV-BCN 4h 50mnonstop 9:30 pm - 9:45 amBCN-TLV 11h 15m1 stop $123 Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Fri, Jan 19 4:40 pm - 8:20 pmTLV-BCN 4h 40mnonstop 1:25 pm - 6:40 pmBCN-TLV 4h 15mnonstop $209ISRAIR Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Fri, Feb 2 3:20 pm - 11:15 pmTLV-BCN 8h 55m1 stop 11:40 am - 3:10 amBCN-TLV 14h 30m1 stop $272ITA Airways Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Fri, Feb 2 1:00 am - 1:30 pmTLV-BCN 13h 30m1 stop 11:25 am - 2:40 amBCN-TLV 14h 15m1 stop $407Turkish Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 28 - Fri, Feb 2 3:05 pm - 7:00 pmTLV-BCN 4h 55mnonstop 8:00 pm - 1:55 amBCN-TLV 4h 55mnonstop $419ISRAIR Find Deal Wed, Dec 6 - Wed, Dec 13 Show more results Flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat Airport is January, where tickets cost $255 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are August and July, where the average cost of tickets is $394 and $361 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, you should book around 0 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 73 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Pegasus Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $80. KAYAK users also found Tel Aviv to Barcelona round-trip flights on Ryanair from $117 and on Vueling from $118. Which airlines fly non-stop between Tel Aviv and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat Airport. They are: BlueBird Airways, EL AL and Vueling. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Vueling at $121 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Vueling. How many flights are there between Tel Aviv and Barcelona-El Prat Airport per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 3 nonstop flights that take off from Tel Aviv and land in Barcelona-El Prat Airport, with an average flight time of 4h 49m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 12 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 25% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Tel Aviv and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Tel Aviv to Barcelona take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Barcelona from Tel Aviv is typically 4h 40m. The journey crosses a distance of 1,913 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Tel Aviv to Barcelona? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Tel Aviv at 6:30 am and will be landing in Barcelona-El Prat Airport at 10:20 am. What’s the latest departure time from Tel Aviv to Barcelona? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat Airport jets off at 5:50 pm and lands at 9:40 pm. Good to know Low season February High season April Cheapest flight $80 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 20% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 7% increase in price. Flight from Tel Aviv to Barcelona When to book flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Tel Aviv to Barcelona flights What is the best way to get to downtown Barcelona from Barcelona Airport–El Prat (BCN)? The city center of Barcelona and Barcelona Airport–El Prat lies about 8 miles apart. You can easily commute between the two destinations via The L9 metro line which runs directly from BCN to downtown Barcelona. The train departs from both T1 and T2 at a 10min interval, making 15 stops along the route for passengers to drop off at their points. Are there car rentals at BCN? Those arriving at Barcelona Airport–El Prat (BCN) and who want to rent cars will have numerous options to choose from. Most of these car rental companies are located in Terminals 1 and 2, in the terminal’s arrivals area. It might be helpful to make early online reservations if you want to enjoy cheaper rates. Are there currency exchange bureaus at Barcelona Airport–El Prat (BCN)? If you’ve just landed and wanted to change your Israeli new shekels into euros, you’ll get a currency exchange service at the arrival terminal. Provided by one of the biggest Spanish banks - La Caixa, this service is located in Terminal 1. Is there a prayer room at BCN? For passengers who wish to pray after a journey from Tel Aviv to Barcelona, you can locate a chapel in T1 on the first floor, of La Plaza. Also, there’s an interfaith chapel pre-security at Gates 1-59 in the North Terminal. Do I need a passport to fly between Tel Aviv and Barcelona? A passport is required to fly from Tel Aviv to Barcelona. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Tel Aviv to Barcelona? The Boeing 737-900 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Tel Aviv to Barcelona flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between Tel Aviv and Barcelona. On which days can I fly direct from Tel Aviv to Barcelona? You can catch a nonstop flight from Tel Aviv to Barcelona on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona, EL AL or ISRAIR? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona are EL AL and ISRAIR. With an average price for the route of $396 and an overall rating of 7.0, EL AL is the most popular choice. ISRAIR is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $265 and an overall rating of 6.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Tel Aviv to Barcelona? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Barcelona from Tel Aviv is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Barcelona with an airline and back to Tel Aviv with another airline. Booking your flights between Tel Aviv and BCN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Tel Aviv to Barcelona? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Barcelona from Tel Aviv up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from TLV to Barcelona Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $268 or less one-way and $236 or less round-trip. Tel Aviv Ben Gurion International Airport (TLV) features several VIP clubs and lounges run by various airlines and hotels. They include Arbel Lounge (Terminal 3), Dan VIP Lounge (Concourses B and C), Express Club Service (Terminal 3 Gate 32), VIP Club Service (Terminal 3 Gate 32), and Gold Club (Terminal 3). Access to these clubs is restricted to members, or those holding registered cards. There are two terminals at Tel Aviv Ben Gurion International Airport (TLV ): Terminal 1 which handles domestic flights, and Terminal 3 is reserved for international flights. Free inter-terminal shuttles are departing every 15min. From Terminal 1, it departs at its front (Gate 4), while at Terminal 3 at G ground level. The wheelchair service at the Tel Aviv Ben Gurion International Airport (TLV) is provided by handling companies. There are dedicated staff to help passengers with mobility limitations when checking in and boarding. Also, airport management has installed auxiliary ear-loop systems at the service counters for hearing disabilities. If you’ll be landing late in Barcelona Airport–El Prat (BCN), plan to sleep in a hotel adjacent to the airport to avoid rushing to your next connection in the dark. Passing a night at these facilities helps you to wake up refreshed for your trip. Such hotels include AC Hotel Gavà Mar Airport by Marriott and Hotel Barcelona Aeropuerto by Meliá. Those traveling with the little ones will be glad to know that TLV has designated rooms at the disposal of lactating and nursing moms. These rooms are found near the Duty Free area. You can ask for directions from the information desk attendants. The facility has a sink, changing tables, a crib, comfy chairs, and a microwave. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl to Barcelona-El Prat? Find which airlines fly direct from Ben Gurion Intl to Barcelona-El Prat, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl to Barcelona-El Prat Search Flights Monday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Iberia, +2 more BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Iberia, +1 more BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +2 more 1 Wednesday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Iberia, +3 more BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +4 more 2 3 Thursday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Iberia, +2 more BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +3 more 1 2 Friday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Iberia, +2 more BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +3 more 1 2 Sunday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Iberia, +1 more BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Barcelona-El Prat to Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl Search Flights Monday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Iberia, +2 more BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Iberia, +1 more BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +2 more 1 Wednesday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Iberia, +1 more BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +2 more 1 Thursday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Iberia, +1 more BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +2 more 1 Saturday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Iberia, +1 more BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +2 more 1 Sunday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Iberia, +1 more BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +2 more 1 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Tel Aviv to Barcelona. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 EmiratesOverall score based on 15747 reviews 84crew 82comfort 80food 83boarding 85entertainment 83overall Airline reviews Quality and tasty Food and service, bigger seat comfort and leg room, etc.Read more about Emirates Quality and tasty Food and service, bigger seat comfort and leg room, etc. Pros: "Social distancing first .... the food is not good second .... the ticket prices are high for such a service" Cons: "Social distancing first .... the food is not good second .... the ticket prices are high for such a service" Pros: "The spirit despite the COVID19 scare. Serving on an India bound flight from the Gulf is never easy" Cons: "We need to promote paper free boarding passes for whoever can afford. Atleast an endeavor." Cons: "Unfortunately there were many babies crying and poking around the entire time, but that can’t be helped. Everything airlines related was great though." Pros: "Crew were rude and kept ignoring me" Cons: "Crew member needs to be more friendly and accommodate when things go wrong" Pros: "In flight entertainment was excellent" Cons: "My first flight the seat was towards the back and was smaller than others." Cons: "Airport helpers at both airport are not dealing properly. Newark wheelchair employees were demanding for big money as tips. Why money is charged to use trolley to move luggage????" Pros: "The flight was very comfortable" Cons: "Operating remote control wasn’t working well ! It was frustrating !!" Pros: "Lovely staff....nice food have had worse. Found the seats very comfy as an average size person.Would fly with Emirates again thanks guys x" Cons: "Third time on emirates but this time it was the worst. Even worse service, seats, and food. While my kids ordered the regular meal I had ordered the Low Sodium Meal because of my health. The meal that I got was saltier than the regular meal!" Cons: "Swiss perfect as always, Barcelona ground worker disaster, as always...." Cons: "Nada, I slept through this leg and the staff let me be." Cons: "It’s frustrating to not have the ability to select seats before arriving at check in counter when there’s really not much to choose from." Pros: "Everything aside from the food and cabin atmosphere." Cons: "Food and cabin atmosphere. The cabin felt very stuffy and warm." Cons: "Seats and leg space were uncomfortable, staff could have been friendlier and more presentable (cleaner appearance)" Pros: "Good crew and despite the short flight we even got a sandwich which was great after a long day" Cons: "No entertainment but short flight" Pros: "the crew was great." Cons: "they asked us to check in our carry-on because the plane was full.I had important papers so I had to explain my situation. I hate confrontation so I felt anxious and I'm already an anxious flier. I feel that this should only pertain to people with larger carry-on. my was below the average size." Pros: "Best flight for a long time. great service and entertainment." Cons: "I was unable to order vegetarian meal before the flight. This also a KAYAK / VAYAMA issue - you can not pass the info about special meal to the airline and Swiss seems to require that you order through them in order to specify such details. You should improve this." Cons: "К сажалению,мне испортили отпуск. Был утеряны мой багаж. Я вынуждена 3 день ходить по магазинам и тратить свое время на отдых,покупая необходимые вещи,те, что необходимо для отдыха. Я потеряла три дня отдыха. И до сих пор я дожидаясь , сижу в квартире и не знаю когда он прибудет. Я крайне не довольна To the planting, I was spoiled vacation. My luggage was lost. I have to go shopping for 3 days and spend my time on vacation, buying the necessary things, those that are necessary for recreation. I lost three days of rest. And so far I'm waiting, sitting in the apartment and I do not know when he will arrive. I am extremely unhappy" Pros: "Good product" Cons: "Seat had some problems, but the crew fixed it for me" Cons: "The transfer in Istambul was very tight on the way back I literally had to run to get to the flight" Pros: "Crew was good but could be better...timeing was very good." Cons: "Food, entertainment" Pros: "The Turkish Airline crew are treat you as guests not as customers." Pros: "Boarding couldn’t be easier. The crew is very attentive and nice!" Pros: "The flight went well with no complaints." Cons: "With Airlines in the US charging for almost everything except the air you breath while on their plane I hate to complain about the meal Turkish provided free but a couple of the items on the tray could have been better." Pros: "Superb entertainment system" Cons: "The flight back from Dublin to Istanbul was awful, it was crowded, very warm, no air to breath." Cons: "Service was terrible, crew was rude. Flight was delayed 2 hours leaving Tel Aviv and my luggage was not here when we arrived. They let us wait two hours for luggage before telling us it wasn't going to make it in. Frustrated and disappointed! Ground security in Turkey was rude and took my sons skate board which we had flown to Israel with and back to turkey, then they told us it couldn't come with us to miami although we flew Turkish both directions with no problem. In the end gate staff went and rescued his skate board from security as he got to the flight crying his little eyes out. Communication was terrible and staff was rude!" Cons: "My flight was delayed, and the wrong gate was initially listed for my connecting flight, causing me to miss my flight. I asked to transfer to the next flight, but the staff there argued with me and refused to do so, saying I must purchase another ticket. I was forced to purchase a visa, go through passport processing, and purchase a new ticket that cost nearly as much as my entire round trip ticket from the US. I then had to pay to stay overnight in a hotel and had to make alternate arrangements to meet my hosts when I finally reached my destination." Pros: "Entertainment and food was good." Cons: "Flying to Tel Aviv (I missed my chance to review), my tray table was broken and the USB wouldn't charge on any of the televisions." Pros: "I have been travelling on the Turkish airline since years and it is definitely the best" There were a number of passengers scheduled to transfer to the flight from Vienna to Warsaw. None of them made it because the crew failed to assist them in getting to the gate for the Warsaw bound flight in time. It could have been done very easily with proper assistance. Pros: "Although economy, it was pleasant and okay" Cons: "I bought a business ticket but flew in economy from Tel Aviv to Vienna. I knew about it but the ticket cost was still high." Cons: "1:20 min delay for a 35 min flight (less then 200km on the road). It is even worse if it is during the night (aircraft landed at 0:40 instead of 23:20" Cons: "The food was so cheap... pasta and a muffin. I’ll be looking around for another airline." Pros: "The flight attendants where good and welcoming" Cons: "Seats are not comfortable and there us not enough seats space (to narrow to tight), no entertainment system at all, no power outlets to charge phone / tablet etc. it’s almost 2020, airplanes must include those elements as standard." Pros: "New dream-liner from Wew to ORD" Cons: "I ordered Kosher food but they didn't have me on the kosher food list - I ended up not eating!" Pros: "The flight was short: 4 hours. It was in time, etc. Certainly no entertainment." Cons: "After the breakfast (rather poor) no drink was suggested. There was a cup for tee or coffee. Empty one. After the breakfast they just took it away with other dirty dishes. It happened to all passengers in my neighborhood." Pros: "Service was great, the stewardess's were very professional and very caring without being too personal which is great for me .Every was done quickly and professionally with a great sense of efficiency and purpose .Hard to explain but so different from other airlines . Multimedia was phenomenal" Cons: "Food portions were smallish but acceptable .Seat reservation service got totally mixed up ,reserved one seat and got another .Maybe software glitch ,needs to be fixed." Pros: "You guys have. Very professional crew !!" Cons: "The customer service In Europe wasn’t helping out at all" Pros: "Overall reasonable flight. Nothing to write home about" Cons: "Breakfast was what I imagine prison food must be like. Rest of meals were fine" This experience was atypical. The flight left three hours late because of engine technical issues, which meant a very long wait. Unrealistic announcements made it worse by discoursgong leavimg for water, reatrrom, etc. But the crew did its best and apart from the delay, it was not a bad flight. Good entertainment and drink service.In the end, I made my connection anyway. Pros: "The crew was amazing. They answered to my requests politely and helpfully" Cons: "Some of the plates/tables are not rigid/straight horizontal. Should be checked and readjusted" Cons: "This flight seemed very chaotic at the beginning. It was late. When we boarded it seemed uncomfortably hot inside. The stewardess doing the flight announcements talked very quickly and ran everything together." Pros: "quick boarding (small plane, not many people). appreciated a free meal in economy class on a 1hr flight. Wow! relatively easy check in for my luggage." Cons: "better signs regarding luggage check in, better seats. gate number changed many times. confusing and hard to hear announcements" Pros: "Customer service was good" Cons: "Both flights were delayed and the airline lost my luggage" Cons: "there is just one main meal that contain ham meat , and am Muslim so I cant eat ham." Cons: "Because I booked tickets with baggage included, and when I was at the airport I had to pay again 50 euro per suitcase. Who will pay for this mistake?" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Didn’t leave on time. Food was disgusting. Loud, not comfortable. Last time with Tarom" Cons: "Several Tarom flights leaving at the same time in the morning- total lack of basic organization: lines for all types of travelers (bag drop and check-in) mixed in. Result: long wait times, quarrels among passengers, all frustrated." Pros: "Received a banana with my meal" Cons: "I was one of about 50 passengers who arrived in Bucharest to discover their bags had not been put on the flight. Due to spending over an hour in the airport sorting this out, and the flight being highly delayed, I missed my connecting flight." Emirates8.3 SWISS8.0 Turkish Airlines7.9 Austrian Airlines7.8 TAROM7.6 Book cheap flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Tel Aviv to Barcelona found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 3/29Fri 1 stopPegasus Airlines 10h 20mTLV-BCN $80 Search 1/14Sun 2 stops 23h 10mTLV-BCN $87 Search 1/14Sun nonstopVueling 4h 50mTLV-BCN $103 Search 3/31Sun nonstopArkia 4h 35mTLV-BCN $129 Search 3/3Sun nonstopArkia 4h 40mTLV-BCN $139 Search 5/6Mon nonstopVueling 4h 50mTLV-BCN $145 Search 12/7Thu nonstopEL AL 4h 50mTLV-BCN $231 Search 12/17Sun nonstopEL AL 4h 50mTLV-BCN $251 Search 12/7Thu nonstopBlueBird Airways 4h 40mTLV-BCN $308 Search 12/22Fri nonstopBlueBird Airways 4h 40mTLV-BCN $366 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePegasus AirlinesVuelingArkiaEL ALBlueBird Airways Search by price$90 or less$130 or less$150 or less$250 or less$370 or less Last minute flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stop 25h 05mTLV-BCN 12/13Wed multi-stop 13h 50mBCN-TLV $354 Search 12/1Fri multi-stop 7h 55mTLV-BCN 12/13Wed multi-stop 24h 40mBCN-TLV $355 Search 12/1Fri nonstopEL AL 4h 50mTLV-BCN 12/14Thu nonstopEL AL 4h 10mBCN-TLV $495 Search 12/1Fri nonstopEL AL 4h 50mTLV-BCN 12/16Sat nonstopEL AL 4h 10mBCN-TLV $575 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEtihad Airways 19h 05mTLV-BCN 12/9Sat multi-stopEtihad Airways 23h 55mBCN-TLV $827 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEtihad Airways 28h 35mTLV-BCN 12/10Sun multi-stopEtihad Airways 23h 55mBCN-TLV $841 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEthiopian Air 33h 30mTLV-BCN 12/10Sun multi-stopEthiopian Air 31h 30mBCN-TLV $1,609 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEthiopian Air 33h 30mTLV-BCN 12/9Sat multi-stopEthiopian Air 31h 30mBCN-TLV $1,938 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopEmirates 25h 10mTLV-BCN 12/10Sun multi-stopEmirates 14h 15mBCN-TLV $1,951 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopEmirates 25h 10mTLV-BCN 12/9Sat multi-stopEmirates 14h 15mBCN-TLV $2,054 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineEL ALEtihad AirwaysEthiopian AirEmirates Search by price$360 or less$580 or less$840 or less$1,940 or less$2,050 or less Tel Aviv - Barcelona Flights Departure: Tel Aviv (TLV)Israel Destination: Barcelona (BCN)Spain Return flight deals: Barcelona - Tel Aviv Cabin classes: First Class flights to Barcelona $1,117 Business Class flights to Barcelona $1,606 Prem Econ Class flights to Barcelona $134 Economy Class flights to Barcelona Browse origins: Flights » Tel Aviv $207Flights from Tel Aviv to Barcelona-El Prat Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Barcelona-El Prat $207Flights to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, Barcelona Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Barcelona flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Barcelona from Tel Aviv. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Barcelona from Tel Aviv. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.