The Link Hotel on Sunrise C$ 60 (C̶$̶ ̶2̶6̶5̶). Fort Lauderdale Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW The Link Hotel on Sunrise 1055 North Federal Highway, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33304, United States+1 754 701 1450 From C$ 61 Cheapest rate per night 4.1 Mediocre based on 1,965 reviews The Link Hotel on Sunrise Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Room type Provider Nightly total Queen room C$ 61 View Deal King room C$ 64 View Deal Double room C$ 80 View Deal 121 more The Link Hotel on Sunrise deals 121 more The Link Hotel on Sunrise deals About The Link Hotel on Sunrise Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi and Parking for free The Link Hotel on Sunrise invites guests to enjoy a sun-soaked stay in Fort Lauderdale, one of the most popular vacation destinations in the country. It offers comfortable and spacious lodgings that are ideal for business travelers, couples, families, and groups of friends. Located in the heart of Fort Lauderdale, The Link Hotel on Sunrise is just steps away from the beach and a short drive from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. It’s close to many exciting points of interest, including Fort Lauderdale Beach Park, Museum of Discovery and Science, Fort Lauderdale Country Club, and, a little further south, Hollywood and Miami. Accommodations are both affordable and thoughtful. Guests may choose One King Bed rooms, Queen Suites, Double Queen Suites, and many accessibility-friendly options. All rooms come with refrigerators, flat screen TVs, air conditioning, and full bathrooms. Every morning, guests are invited to partake in complimentary breakfast. There are also plenty of delicious dining options just steps away from the hotel, including Heart Rock Sushi, The Hummus House, Funky Buddha Brewery, BurgerFi, and Il Mulino. Along with free breakfast, guests can also enjoy other amenities, including access to The Link Hotel on Sunrise’s fitness center, shuttle service to and from the Fort Lauderdale airport, complimentary Wi-Fi, and free parking. No matter what may bring guests to the Fort Lauderdale area, a stay at The Link Hotel on Sunrise keeps you close to all the action, while also offering a respite from all of the thrilling sights and sounds. Read more Photos of The Link Hotel on Sunrise Pool 1/33 Bedroom 2/33 Bedroom 3/33 Bedroom 4/33 Patio 5/33 Pool 6/33 Restaurant 7/33 Patio 8/33 Lobby 9/33 Pool 10/33 Bar 11/33 Bedroom 12/33 Bedroom 13/33 Bathroom 14/33 Living room 15/33 Building 16/33 Gym 17/33 Conference room 18/33 Bedroom 19/33 Bathroom 20/33 Restaurant 21/33 Bathroom 22/33 Building 23/33 Conference room 24/33 Bedroom 25/33 Living room 26/33 Bathroom 27/33 Conference room 28/33 Building 29/33 Pool 30/33 Business centre 31/33 Business centre 32/33 Business centre 33/33 All photos(33) Bedroom(7) Bathroom(4) Pool(4) Building(3) View all photos Latest deals for The Link Hotel on Sunrise Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests King room See amenities C$ 64 View deal C$ 72 View deal C$ 74 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 80 View deal C$ 81 View deal C$ 83 View deal Show 9 more deals Classic room See amenities C$ 210 View deal Standard Room See amenities C$ 81 View deal C$ 91 View deal C$ 94 View deal Show 10 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 61 View deal C$ 61 View deal C$ 83 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at The Link Hotel on Sunrise Outdoor pool Fitness centre Restaurant Bar/Lounge Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Coffee machine Free parking Business centre Wi-Fi available in all areas Accessibility and suitability Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Roll-in shower Shower chair Adapted bath No smoking Lowered sink Toilet with grab rails Pets not allowed Upper floors accessible by elevator Designated smoking area Private entrance Basics Free Wi-Fi Wi-Fi available in all areas Shampoo Smoke alarms Body soap Air-conditioned Trash cans Free Internet Conditioner Dining Restaurant Bar/Lounge Tea/coffee maker Continental breakfast Coffee machine Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Services and conveniences ATM on-site Business centre Meeting/Banquet facilities Key access Key card access Express check-out 24hr front desk Bathroom Shower Bathtub Toilet Toilet paper Private bathroom General Family rooms Telephone Tile/marble floor Storage available Pool Heated pool Outdoor pool Pool towels Pool with a view Parking and transportation Airport shuttle Free parking Private parking Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV TV Bedroom Sofa bed Clothes rack Wardrobe or closet Health and safety Daily housekeeping Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Workspace Fax/photocopying Desk Family friendly Cribs available Pool cover Laundry Iron and ironing board Things to do Beach access Fitness Fitness centre Show all 67 amenities Reviews of The Link Hotel on Sunrise 4.1 MediocreBased on 1,965 verified guest reviews 4.1Couples 4.6Solo 4.2Families 4.3Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention room was cleandirty roomstaff was friendlygreat locationbreakfast was goodfront deskbed was comfortablenice poolpaint peelingshuttle to the airportnext doorfirst nighttv did not workenough towelsair conditioningfloor was so dirtysecurity depositworst hotelclose to the beachnext morningairport shuttleone towel Traveler rating: Poor (671) Mediocre (101) Fair (83) Okay (65) Good (48) Very good (55) Wonderful (116) Sort by: Newest first D 6.0 Okay Danny, Aug. 2022 Loud squeaky front door was actually unsettling and annoying! Other doors on property also in need of attention(i.e. very loud)...Breakfast room and procedures still needs tweeking. A 2.0 Poor Anonymous, Mar. 2022 Terrible service, a mandatory refundable security deposit of over $100 that still has not been refunded, paltry *free* breakfast of nothing but bread, juice and milk, the phone in the room didn't work, and when i called with my own phone to the front desk they never answered so I had to go to the front desk every time I needed something, check in took fifteen minutes and was the case for almost everyone checking in, the walls are thinner than paper, nothing about the place looked like its photos (furniture stained and not in good condition), and even the remote to the TV didn't work. I disliked it so much I was glad I had to leave early due to a flight change. M 1.9 Poor Marsha, Oct. 2021 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS DUMP. H 4.0 Mediocre Hakeem, Feb. 2021 Pros:I loved the location and one of the cleaning ladies was extremely kind. Also this booking was done last minute for a good value. Cons:The room was basic but a little unloved. Hole in the floor. The furniture looked old and out dated. The biggest disappointment was the “free breakfast”. That was the bug selling point but they simply give you no option other than a lightly toasted bagel and cheap orange juice. And you make it yourself. It wasn’t even a good bagel. Extremely disappointing. The pool looked good in the pictures but it was not cleaned out. This place also had some sketchy behavior happening on the outside. Cheap hotel so i almost expected these things but it was still pretty bad. Only 2 thin towels in the bathroom and the shower barely had any warm water. A 7.1 Good Anonymous, Jul. 2019 Pros:Convenient and great price!! Cons:What could have been better? Many things... but it wasn’t bad! Because of the cleanliness (good enough!!), price, location, and thoughtful staff- I will absolutely return:) J 4.2 Mediocre Jeremy, Jan. 2019 Pros:Location is good. Cons:Hot water was severely lacking. Super noisy as you hear everything from outside. Really small rooms. TV remote only worked sometimes. All in all it’s an old place that they barely tried to improve and charge way to much. A 5.7 Fair Anonymous, Oct. 2018 Pros:Location. Cons:Mold in bathroom. A 9.1 Wonderful Anonymous, Sep. 2018 Pros:Clean rooms, nice pool, updated property, close to malls, beaches and nightlife. Cons:Front desk staff was friendly but unable to help with local information or attractions. A 2.0 Poor Anonymous, Mar. 2018 Cons:Spring breakers were carrying on all night! We should have been placed in a room away from the kids. When we checked out we did express our displeasure, was told it would be forwarded to the manager. I feel we should be discounted for our lack of sleep. We will never go back!!! A 6.0 Okay Anonymous, Jan. 2018 Pros:Staff were super nice Cons:Much needed construction being done. First room thermostat stuck at 64. Second room, not working at all. No restaurants or gift shop as described. Location 1055 North Federal Highway, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33304 What's nearby The Galleria0.5 km Bonnet House Museum and Gardens1.5 km Parker Playhouse1.6 km Hugh Taylor Birch State Park1.8 km Las Olas Boulevard2.1 km Riverwalk2.5 km Fort Lauderdale Beach Park2.6 km Las Olas Beach2.6 km Stranahan House2.8 km International Swimming Hall of Fame2.8 km NSU Art Museum Fort Lauderdale3.1 km Broward Center for the Performing Arts3.6 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 4:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about The Link Hotel on Sunrise Low season April High season February Average price (weeknight) C$ 87 Average price (weekend night) C$ 145 Cheapest month to stay with an average 52% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 51% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at The Link Hotel on Sunrise Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at The Link Hotel on Sunrise If you’re after a cheap room at The Link Hotel on Sunrise, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in April and October. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at The Link Hotel on Sunrise, plan to stay on a Saturday or Monday. The most expensive day is usually Thursday. The cheapest price a room at The Link Hotel on Sunrise was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 218, while the most expensive was C$ 218. How long should you stay at The Link Hotel on Sunrise? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 4 days. FAQs when booking at The Link Hotel on Sunrise How can I reach the Link Hotel on Sunrise from Hollywood International Airport (FLL)? There are several transportation options available to reach the Link Hotel on Sunrise from FLL. The fastest way is by taking a taxi or ride-sharing service like Uber or Lyft. The estimated travel time is around 20 minutes, but it may vary depending on traffic and time of day. Alternatively, you can take a shared shuttle service and the average travel time for a shuttle is around 30 to 45 minutes depending on your drop-off location. If you prefer to rent a car, there are several car rental companies located at the airport. The Link Hotel on Sunrise offers parking for its guests, and the drive time to the hotel is approximately 20 minutes. Which amenities at the Link Hotel on Sunrise are ideal for families staying with kids? The Link Hotel on Sunrise offers several amenities that are ideal for families staying with kids. The hotel has an outdoor pool, which is perfect for families to cool off and have a splash during their stay. In addition, the hotel's game room features ping pong, foosball, and other games that kids of all ages can enjoy. The hotel also offers a complimentary breakfast buffet, so families can enjoy a delicious and nutritious meal before heading out for the day. For families who want to stay together while still having the privacy they need, the hotel has connecting rooms available. What culinary options can I expect at the Link Hotel on Sunrise? The Link Hotel on Sunrise offers a range of culinary options for its guests. The Art Institute of Ft Lauderdale Dorm Cafe is located on the ground floor of the hotel and serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The Oak Craft Bar is located on the hotel's rooftop and offers a selection of craft beers, cocktails, and wines, as well as small plates and artisanal pizzas. If you're in the mood for some classic Italian comfort food, head to Lorenzo's Pizzeria, which is conveniently located just across the street from the hotel. The menu features a wide range of pizzas, as well as pasta dishes, salads, and subs. What services does the Link Hotel on Sunrise provide for business travelers? The Link Hotel on Sunrise provides a range of services for business travelers, including a 24-hour business center, two meeting rooms, a computer station, and a conference space measuring 852-square-feet. The 24-hour business center is equipped with all the necessary amenities to ensure business travelers can work efficiently and meet tight deadlines, while the two meeting rooms are perfect for hosting small to mid-sized corporate events. The conference space is an ideal venue for large corporate events, industry conferences, and other business-related events. Which outdoor activities can I access by staying at the Link Hotel on Sunrise? Staying at the Link Hotel on Sunrise provides an array of outdoor activities guests can take advantage of. The hotel's location near Fort Lauderdale Beach offers guests options like sunbathing, swimming, and various water sports activities. Moreover, the hotel's proximity to several golf courses, including The Bridges at Springtree Golf Club and the Fort Lauderdale Country Club, provides the opportunity to play a round of golf in the beautiful Florida weather. Hugh Taylor Birch State Park is also nearby and offers walking trails, cycling, and picnic areas for guests interested in spending an afternoon in nature. For those interested in fishing, there are many options to choose from, including fishing off the beach or chartering a fishing vessel for an excursion. Where is The Link Hotel on Sunrise located? The Link Hotel on Sunrise is located at 1055 North Federal Highway, 2.8 km from the centre of Fort Lauderdale. The Galleria is the closest landmark to The Link Hotel on Sunrise. When is check-in time and check-out time at The Link Hotel on Sunrise? Check-in time is 4:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at The Link Hotel on Sunrise. Does The Link Hotel on Sunrise offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, The Link Hotel on Sunrise offers free Wi-Fi. Does The Link Hotel on Sunrise offer free parking? Yes, The Link Hotel on Sunrise offers free parking. How far is The Link Hotel on Sunrise from the airport? The Link Hotel on Sunrise is 7.5 km from Fort Lauderdale. The Link Hotel on Sunrise is 8.6 km from Fort Lauderdale Executive. Does The Link Hotel on Sunrise have a pool? Yes, The Link Hotel on Sunrise has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great The Link Hotel on Sunrise hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at The Link Hotel on Sunrise in Fort Lauderdale and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at The Link Hotel on Sunrise and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for The Link Hotel on Sunrise. Nearby hotels and places to stay ClosestSee more nearby stays 3-star hotel Victoria Park Hotel8.6 Excellent (978 reviews)0.34 kmOutdoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee machineC$ 207+ Rental #17 Deluxe 1BD Apt, Pool, Shopping, Dining & The beach6 Good (2 reviews)0.18 kmPrivate pool, Outdoor pool, kitchenetteC$ 187+ Rental #16 Luxury Studio Home Base for the Beach & Activities0.24 kmPrivate pool, Outdoor pool, kitchenetteC$ 185+ Rental #25 Relax in the Pool, Minutes from the Beach & Dining5.3 Okay (3 reviews)0.24 kmPrivate pool, Outdoor pool, kitchenetteC$ 172+ CheapestSee cheapest stays in Fort Lauderdale 3-star hotel Victoria Park Hotel8.6 Excellent (978 reviews)0.34 kmOutdoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee machineC$ 207+ Rental The Jasmine Apartments7.5 Good (42 reviews)0.42 kmOutdoor pool, Kitchen, air-conditionedC$ 139+ Rental Main stripe of the beach FT Lauderdale,A1A0.41 kmAir-conditioned, barbecueC$ 142+ Rental Victoria Park Residence8.4 Excellent (27 reviews)0.24 kmPrivate pool, Outdoor pool, KitchenC$ 166+ Most recommendedSee most recommended stays in Fort Lauderdale 3-star hotel Victoria Park Hotel8.6 Excellent (978 reviews)0.34 kmOutdoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee machineC$ 207+ Rental Heated Pool! 5 Bedrooms+1 Mile To Beach/Las Olas!10 Excellent (2 reviews)0.49 kmC$ 776+ Rental Modern Beach House! 5br/5ba + Pool!10 Excellent (1 review)0.45 kmAir-conditioned, Coffee machine, barbecueC$ 731+ Rental Beautiful Bayview10 Excellent (1 review)0.59 kmKitchen, terrace/patio, PorchC$ 647+ Good to know Value for money 5.0 Distance to downtown 2.8 km Nearest Airport Fort Lauderdale Distance to airport 7.8 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Florida Hotels in South Florida Fort Lauderdale Hotels The Link Hotel on Sunrise Top Hotel Destinations Boston Hotels Kissimmee Hotels Surfers Paradise Hotels Montreal Hotels Honolulu Hotels Albufeira Hotels Victoria Hotels Holbox Hotels Mexico City Hotels Playa del Carmen Hotels Revelstoke Hotels Punta Cana Hotels Bracebridge Hotels Laval Hotels Niagara Falls Hotels Toronto hotels Vancouver hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for The Link Hotel on Sunrise discounts in Fort Lauderdale with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for The Link Hotel on Sunrise in Fort Lauderdale. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at The Link Hotel on Sunrise that suits you best. C$ 96 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.