The Novel Stay C$ 96 (C̶$̶ ̶1̶6̶3̶). Halifax Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW The Novel Stay 5611 Morris Street, Halifax, NS B3J 1C4, Canada+1 902 422 8500 From C$ 96 Cheapest rate per night 8.3 Great based on 149 reviews The Novel Stay Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Room type Provider Nightly total Double room C$ 96 View Deal 10 more The Novel Stay deals 10 more The Novel Stay deals About The Novel Stay Guesthouse Room / Entire Guesthouse The comforts of home away from home Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi for free Less than 20 minutes' stroll from Halifax Railway Station, The Novel Stay offers guests a convenient base while visiting Halifax. It also offers laundry facilities, a library and free Wi-Fi. There are a range of facilities available to those staying at the guest house, such as a terrace and a designated smoking area. There are 10 rooms at The Novel Stay, each offering all the essentials to ensure a comfortable stay. They are also equipped with a refrigerator, a microwave and a dishwasher. The area around the guest house has a variety of restaurants and cafés. Guests can also visit Halifax Metro Centre, Fort George and Pier 21. Read more Latest deals for The Novel Stay Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Double room See amenities C$ 96 View deal C$ 112 View deal C$ 112 View deal Show 7 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at The Novel Stay Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Coffee machine Wi-Fi available in all areas Flat-screen TV TV Internet Parking Laundry facilities Hairdryer Kitchen Wine glasses Electric kettle Shared kitchen Dishwasher Oven Microwave Kitchenware Stovetop Tea/coffee maker Toaster Refrigerator Coffee machine Dining area Kitchen Kitchenette General Quiet street view Family rooms Seating area Hardwood or parquet floors Inner courtyard view Interconnected room(s) available Sofa Telephone Tile/marble floor City view Basics Free Wi-Fi Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Linens Towels Fan Fire extinguisher Smoke alarms Heating Trash cans Bathroom Shared bathroom Shared toilet Shower Bathtub Hairdryer Toilet Toilet paper Private bathroom Walk-in shower Health and safety Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Accessibility and suitability Entire unit located on ground floor No smoking Non-feather pillow Upper floors accessible by stairs Designated smoking area Private entrance Bedroom Feather pillow Socket near the bed Alarm clock Sofa bed Clothes rack Wardrobe or closet Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Shared lounge/TV area Streaming service TV Laundry Laundry facilities Iron and ironing board Tumble dryer Washing machine Outdoor Terrace/Patio Outdoor dining area Outdoor furniture Parking and transportation Parking Private parking Services and conveniences Key access Private check-in/check-out Workspace Desk Dining Dining table Show all 80 amenities Reviews of The Novel Stay 8.3 Very goodBased on 149 verified guest reviews 8.6Friends 8.2Couples 8.1Families 8.4Solo No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Location 5611 Morris Street, Halifax, NS B3J 1C4 What's nearby St. Mary's Cathedral Basilica0.5 km Halifax Public Gardens0.5 km Alexander Keith's Brewery0.6 km Neptune Theatre0.6 km St. Paul's Anglican Church0.8 km Halifax Seaport Farmers' Market0.8 km Halifax Waterfront0.8 km Halifax Citadel National Historic Site0.8 km Grand Parade0.9 km Province House0.9 km Scotiabank Centre0.9 km Pier 21 National Historic Site0.9 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 2:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about The Novel Stay Low season March High season July Average price (weeknight) C$ 134 Average price (weekend night) C$ 118 Cheapest month to stay with an average 15% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 29% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at The Novel Stay Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at The Novel Stay If you’re after a cheap room at The Novel Stay, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in March and September. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at The Novel Stay, plan to stay on a Thursday or Tuesday. The most expensive day is usually Sunday. How long should you stay at The Novel Stay? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 4 days. FAQs when booking at The Novel Stay Where is The Novel Stay located? The Novel Stay is located at 5611 Morris Street in Downtown, 0.6 km from the centre of Halifax. St. Mary's Cathedral Basilica is the closest landmark to The Novel Stay. When is check-in time and check-out time at The Novel Stay? Check-in time is 2:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at The Novel Stay. Does The Novel Stay offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, The Novel Stay offers free Wi-Fi. How far is The Novel Stay from the airport? The Novel Stay is 27.5 km from Halifax Intl. How does KAYAK find such great The Novel Stay hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at The Novel Stay in Halifax and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at The Novel Stay and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for The Novel Stay. Nearby hotels and places to stay ClosestSee more nearby stays Rental 109 Sunny & Historic Home With Ac6.7 Good (3 reviews)0.1 kmKitchen, air-conditioned, Washing machineC$ 135+ Rental 110 Sunny Loft & Historic Home With Ac8.3 Excellent (13 reviews)0.1 kmKitchen, air-conditioned, Washing machineC$ 120+ Rental 108 Historic Downtown House With Ac7.2 Good (6 reviews)0.1 kmKitchen, air-conditioned, Washing machineC$ 119+ Rental 13% cheaper244 Downtown Studio W Patio6.7 Good (10 reviews)0.15 kmKitchen, linens, TVC$ 101+ CheapestSee cheapest stays in Halifax Rental 18% cheaper248 Enchanting Studio A1, Downtown7 Good (3 reviews)0.32 kmKitchen, linensC$ 96+ Rental 15% cheaper250 Charming Studio A3, Downtown6.6 Good (12 reviews)0.32 kmKitchen, linensC$ 98+ Rental 15% cheaperThis apartment is a 1 bedroom(s), 1 bathrooms, located in Halifax, NS.2 Mediocre (1 review)0.65 kmC$ 98+ Rental 13% cheaper244 Downtown Studio W Patio6.7 Good (10 reviews)0.15 kmKitchen, linens, TVC$ 101+ Most recommendedSee most recommended stays in Halifax Rental 9% cheaperOne bedroom South end Halifax suite10 Excellent (1 review)0.62 kmAdults only, Kitchen, BalconyC$ 105+ Rental Iconic Luxurious Downtown Building History Galore10 Excellent (3 reviews)0.45 kmKitchen, air-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 613+ Rental 220 Deluxe Downtown Apartment With Ac10 Excellent (2 reviews)0.61 kmKitchen, air-conditioned, Washing machineC$ 176+ Rental 223 Lovely Waterfront Apartment With Ac9.2 Excellent (6 reviews)0.61 kmPrivate pool, Hot tub, KitchenC$ 185+ Good to know Value for money 8.8 Distance to downtown 0.6 km Nearest Airport Halifax Intl Distance to airport 27.5 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in Canada Hotels in Nova Scotia Halifax Hotels The Novel Stay Top Hotel Destinations Wildwood Crest Hotels Oranjestad Hotels Las Vegas Hotels Osaka Hotels Bruges Hotels Mississauga Hotels Boston Hotels Red Deer Hotels Montreal Hotels Liberia Hotels Toronto Hotels Hamilton Hotels Fort Lauderdale Hotels Miami Beach Hotels Vancouver Hotels Dartmouth hotels Sydney hotels Truro hotels Lunenburg hotels Baddeck hotels Digby hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for The Novel Stay discounts in Halifax with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for The Novel Stay in Halifax. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at The Novel Stay that suits you best. C$ 116 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.