Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to London from $184 | (ORD - LON) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ORD - LON Find cheap flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London from $184 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/28. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to London These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to London. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to London. How much is the cheapest flight from O'Hare Intl to London?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from O'Hare Intl to London that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:45 pm - 4:25 pmORD-LHR 36h 40m2 stops 6:40 am - 6:05 pmLHR-ORD 17h 25m1 stop $364Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Mon, Jan 29 9:45 pm - 4:25 pmORD-LHR 36h 40m2 stops 6:40 am - 6:05 pmLHR-ORD 17h 25m1 stop $372Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 9 - Mon, Feb 12 4:00 pm - 12:55 pmORD-LHR 14h 55m1 stop 9:05 pm - 12:20 pmLHR-ORD 21h 15m1 stop $428Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Mon, Apr 22 - Fri, Apr 26 6:30 pm - 10:55 amORD-LGW 10h 25m1 stop 12:00 pm - 6:20 pmLGW-ORD 11h 20m1 stop $481Icelandair Find Deal Sat, Mar 2 - Mon, Mar 11 7:30 pm - 10:50 amORD-LHR 10h 20m1 stop 8:40 pm - 6:20 pmLHR-ORD 26h 40m1 stop $482Icelandair Find Deal Wed, Mar 13 - Sat, Mar 23 7:05 pm - 11:20 amORD-LHR 34h 15m1 stop 11:10 am - 2:10 pmLHR-ORD 33h 00m1 stop $546United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Sun, Jan 14 3:55 pm - 7:55 amORD-LGW 10h 00m1 stop 11:05 am - 5:55 pmLGW-ORD 12h 50m1 stop $607Aer Lingus Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Sat, Jan 13 7:40 pm - 11:30 amORD-LHR 9h 50m1 stop 12:15 pm - 5:55 pmLHR-ORD 11h 40m1 stop $613Aer Lingus Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Wed, Jan 17 7:40 pm - 12:35 pmORD-LCY 10h 55m1 stop 9:10 am - 5:55 pmLCY-ORD 14h 45m1 stop $829British Airways Find Deal Wed, Feb 28 - Tue, Mar 5 7:40 pm - 12:35 pmORD-LCY 10h 55m1 stop 7:25 pm - 5:55 pmLCY-ORD 28h 30m1 stop $1,070British Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 3 - Mon, Jan 8 Show more results Flights from O'Hare Intl to London - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from O'Hare Intl to London to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to London flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to London. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to London cost $448 and was between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and London Heathrow Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $587. What is the cheapest month to fly from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to London? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to London is February, where tickets cost $558 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,238 and $1,172 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to London? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to London, you should book around 0 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 10 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London found on KAYAK was with Icelandair for $280. Scandinavian Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $364 and Icelandair from $481. Which airlines fly most frequently between Chicago O'Hare Airport and London? American Airlines (4 flights per day), United Airlines (3 flights per day), and British Airways (2 flights per day) are the most frequent flyers of this route. Which airlines fly non-stop between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and London? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to London. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to London. They are: American Airlines, British Airways and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with American Airlines at $528 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at United Airlines. How many flights are there between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and London per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 12 nonstop flights that take off from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and land in London, with an average flight time of 7h 47m. The most common departure time is 5:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening, while the most flights land at London Heathrow Airport. Each week, there are 75 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and London? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London take? The average nonstop flight takes 10h 15m, covering a distance of 3,951 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport at 9:00 am and will be landing in London at 10:40 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to London jets off at 9:15 pm and lands at 11:00 am. Good to know Low season February High season March Cheapest flight $184 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 27% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 17% lower on average. Flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London Gatwick Airport When to book flights from O'Hare Intl to London Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from O'Hare Intl to London based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Chicago O'Hare Airport to London flights Are there onside hotels at LGW airport? Yes. LGW has several onsite hotels where you can check-in. Hampton by Hilton hotel is located about a 5min walk from the South Terminal and moments from the airport check-in desks. The South Terminal also finds the Hilton London Gatwick Hotel, Premier Inn opposite the North Terminal's entrance and Sofitel London Gatwick at the North Terminal. What is the best way to get to Buckingham Palace from LCY airport? Taxi is the fastest way to get to Buckingham Palace from LCY airport. Taxi takes approximately 23min from the destination, unlike the subway train or bus, which takes 35min and 43min respectively. You can request black taxis, mini cabs, or chauffeurs found at the airport. Where can I eat at the LHR airport? LHR airport hosts restaurants, cafes and bars where you can grab a drink, coffee or enjoy delicious dishes. You can try out some British classics at the Fortnum & Mason Bar. If you arrive through the Queen's Terminal, you can enjoy a peculiar trio of crab on toast or chicken tikka masala at The Perfectionist’s Café. Are there lounges at ORD airport? Yes. The ORD airport has seventeen lounges where you can relax away from the busy departure areas as you wait for your flight. USO Lounge in Terminal 2 at pre-security is designed for active members of the U.S. military. If you are flying business class, you can access United Polaris Lounge adjacent to gate C18 in Terminal 1. Do I need a passport to fly between Chicago O'Hare Airport and London? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to London from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to London flight route: British Airways, Finnair, American Airlines, Iberia, United Airlines, Lufthansa, SWISS, Virgin Atlantic, and Delta. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London? The Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to London flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and London, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London? There are nonstop flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Chicago to London, Lufthansa or Scandinavian Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Chicago to London are Lufthansa and Scandinavian Airlines. With an average price for the route of $737 and an overall rating of 7.8, Lufthansa is the most popular choice. Scandinavian Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $442 and an overall rating of 7.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to London from Chicago O'Hare Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to London with an airline and back to Chicago O'Hare Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to London? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to London from Chicago O'Hare Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Chicago to London Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $572 or less one-way and $645 or less round-trip. Chicago O-Hare International Airport (ORD) offers disabled facilities to passengers with physical and hidden disabilities. It has adapted toilets, lifts, and ramps and offers escorted wheelchair services to physically disabled passengers. TTY telephones, brain buttons in elevators and visual paging for those with hidden disabilities. There are also parking facilities for the disabled in all the parking slots. ORD airport provides parking services and facilities. There are long-term and short-term parking services, daily parking, economy parking and valet parking. You can consider economy parking services offered in lot F and G located on Bessie Coleman Drive, with a free shuttle to the terminals if you want to park your vehicle for an extended period. Economy parking services are the best since they are offered in long-term covered parking garages. London Heathrow Airport (LHR) offers ideal family services. There are multiple fun and entertainment services for children in the Mr. Adventure Stay & Play areas in Terminals 2, 3, 4 and 5 to keep kids happy and exercised. The play areas have coloring-in and activity sheets. Numerous restaurants are family-friendly as they offer free children's high chairs and menus for kids to eat free. London Gatwick Airport (LGW) provides baby facilities crucial for traveling mothers. After a long flight, you may want to feed your baby or pump breast milk in a private and comfortable space. This airport has unique babycare rooms designated for feeding and changing infants. They are found past the passport control and in the transfer area in arrivals. A baby nursing area is also available in South Terminal. London City Airport (LCY) has enhanced accessibility and offers accessibility services and facilities to passengers with reduced mobility or physical disabilities. It provides electric wheelchairs through the airlines for senior citizens or physically disabled passengers. There is also a special lanyard to wear if you travel with someone who needs additional assistance. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Chicago O'Hare Intl to London? Find which airlines fly direct from O'Hare Intl to London, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Chicago O'Hare Intl to London Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +13 more 11 12 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +13 more 11 12 Friday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +13 more 11 12 See more direct flights Nonstop returns London to Chicago O'Hare Intl Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to London See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Chicago to London. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to London? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19619 reviews 83boarding 79entertainment 82overall 82comfort 86crew 78food Airline reviews Cons: "Everything could have been better. Flight delayed 3 hours due to JetBlue schedule mismanagement. No consideration for elderly when we had to change gates across airport. Poor communication on flight updates. And then as a perk to make up for delays, tried to sell us a credit card. Just Awful."Read more about JetBlue Cons: "Everything could have been better. Flight delayed 3 hours due to JetBlue schedule mismanagement. No consideration for elderly when we had to change gates across airport. Poor communication on flight updates. And then as a perk to make up for delays, tried to sell us a credit card. Just Awful." Pros: "crew was friendly enough, provided the bare minimum of service" Cons: "running water in the bathrooms hot coffee and tea" Cons: "Left very late because of delayed inbound flight and need for deicing." Cons: "The cabin crew was a little lacking and the captain did not mentioned that we had landed almost a full hour later than scheduled." Pros: "I liked that the pilot was able to make up some time because our flight was delayed over one hour in Chicago." Cons: "The notification that the flight was boarding early. I enabled notifications and still did not receive notification that the plane was boarding." Pros: "crew was supportive. wifi in the flight" Cons: "the wait time and the boarding, off boarding of the flight. No electricity in the aircraft." Pros: "More leg room Affordable prices Snacks dunkin donut coffee Pleasant flight attendant Punctuality" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "The crew talked a big game. They were ready for anything, including loss of cabin pressure, paid snacks, and even a water landing." Cons: "No water landing! I was excited to float around on a hot day, go down an awesome slide, and catch some sick waves, but come on people, we never even got a chance!" Pros: "The crews were very friendly A lot of options from direct tv and other entertainment programs The seats were wide enough Free Wifi" Cons: "The plane got 2 hours delayed The screen was too small There was no charger on the plane Food option was limited" Pros: "Entertainment, food, crew, and cleanliness were 100000% on point. Loved it." Cons: "Turbulence and the flight was longer than necessary because we had to go around bad weather. Not the fault of JetBlue!" Missed connecting train since flight was late into Zurich and I had to stay at airport hotel because of it as well as I had to repurchase train ticket Cons: "I fell sick and my doctor advised against flying. Tried calling Swiss Air and JustFly.com: 6 calls back and forth and 7 hours on hold, no help. Finally got advised on driving to the airport to make the flight change at the Swiss Air counter at O’Hare. The representative told me to bring a note from doctor to switch flights. I did the next day. The same representative looked me in the eye after advising the day before and said there’s nothing she could do. Why make an elderly sick person drive to the airport again if you know already you cannot help??Absolutely terrible experience, no help from the airline or travel agency. Total loss of the full price of the ticket." Pros: "Crew was great. Peppy and kind." Cons: "ORD ZRH seats extremely crowded. Wished for comfy Star Alliance seats for that flight which we did enjoy from ZRH BUD" Pros: "Movies" Cons: "Crew was rude to passengers. One passenger asked for extra bread and crew arrogantly commented , we dont give but ok take one." Pros: "Coach seats were comfortable but if the person in front of you reclines, your video screen will be inches from your face and it becomes difficult to get out of your seat." Cons: "Crew was not particularly friendly....almost downright rude at times" Pros: "Crew was great. Seats were uncomfortable. No air. It was extremely hot." Pros: "The inflight entertainment was great and helped to pass the time. The food was good for airline food." Cons: "The flight staff was just okay - they could have been friendlier. The seat cushions seemed old - they were comfortable enough for sitting but not comfortable to sleep." Pros: "Amazing food, There were pillows, blankets and earbuds on every seat. Really a great flight overall and I would fly with them again." Cons: "The only minor complaint was that the seats are so small that when the person in front of you reclines, you literally can’t get out of your seat." Pros: "Best food I've ever had on an airline! Great flight. Not too full." Cons: "Arm rests didn't lift all the way up on the plane." Pros: "Crew was attentive to passenger needs in a quiet way: without fanfare, did all possible to make it a pleasant, comfortable trip. In fact, went out of their way to get me a wheelchair ride to next flight, which I dearly needed" Cons: "First flight was delayed due to circumstances outside of airline’s control. They managed to get us there and help me with wheelchair, etc to make flight. Great service and kindness" Pros: "Crew were super friendly and helpful. Food was delicious, comfortable seats, great selection of entertainment." Cons: "Cheaper baggage rates" Pros: "Crew was great !!!" Cons: "Seating in upper class is uncomfortable and bedding is not fresh." Cons: "Very cramped aisle seat and I kept being knocked by passing crewe including knocking over a cup of water." Pros: "Very friendly crew. We boarded about an hour before so we were ready to go well before time." Cons: "The economy seats are not that comfortable and the screen for entertainment is sometimes difficult to use." Pros: "Nice crew" Cons: "Comfort. Seats were very uncomfortable with absolutely NO leg room. I fly a lot and this was one of the WORST leg room experiences I had." Pros: "Crew was generally nice and caring." Cons: "Of course coach seat was not super comfortable. And speaker and screen at my seat did not work." Pros: "Everything was easy" Cons: "Business class seats are snug for big people compared to other airlines" Cons: "Overall, I am disappointed in Kayak for listing my round trip flight as KLM, when in actuality, only one short connection of this flight was actually KLM. My itinerary said KLM all over it, but in the fine print it said "operated by Delta." This is dishonest and misleading." Pros: "Excellent airline" Cons: "The business seats could have been wider. I have sat on business class other airlines and the seat was a bit wider but overall still great experience" Pros: "The boarding was fast." Cons: "For starters our cabin crew were the worst. The first service I had ask for a snack and no napkins. Dinner service was like just chucking food down in front of you. Then a stewardess looks me dead in the face and passed me for the drink service, then she said she thought I was asleep." Delta airlines charge $ 30,oo US DOLLARS for the check in for a suitcase in the baggage hold Cons: "Given we left at 7:15 am, I would’ve liked some food options instead of biscuits and peanuts" Pros: "Kosher snacks! Thank you. Screens and outlets at every seat. Safe, controlled Covid protocols including de-boarding. Excellent!" Pros: "Delta flight took extra precaution to keep all passengers safe before during and after the flight. They communicate effectively during the flight. I will be flying Delta again and again." Cons: "The trip was great" Cons: "We arrived around 39 minutes early and the whole process was very smooth" Pros: "Flight was on time and crew helped find a place for my violin. Even though I was early to the gate, they also helped me update my seat before the new flight crew arrived." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "We were traveling international in Twitter after contacting we were told we can carry one checked baggage but then we were not allowed and at gate they didn’t know the procedure and repeatedly checked our passport Poor customer service" Pros: "Crew was attentive and accommodating." Cons: "Gates switched 3 times and all bags had to be checked because of a small aging plane." Cons: "I would ask that the gate does not share in detail reason for delay in seat assignment is related to getting a family sitting together when the basic rules should apply unilaterally." Pros: "Got to my destination without any issues" Cons: "Seats/seating area are too small, and I'm not a big person." The boarding was one of the worst I’ve ever experienced. The fault lays on Ohare Airport and not so much the airline. The waiting area by the gate was the size to accommodate a regional flight for 20-30 people and right next to a busy walkway. When you cramped nearly 300 passengers into that space is was unbearable. Pros: "Crew was great, on time flight, clean plane." Cons: "Entertainments options were shockingly few. Honestly have not been on a plane recently with so few and limited options of TV series and movies. I was extremely surprised. Wish I had know and I would’ve had more options for my family." Pros: "I liked how generous they were with food and drinks" Cons: "Free WiFi could have made the flight a lot better" Pros: "Due to business I travel allot so I deal with allot of airlines. This is by far the best airlines I have used. Excellent crew and airport staff. I don’t think words can express how satisfied I am with this airlines and airport. The nicest people and great service. Clean and modern aircraft. Going to try flying only with KLM from now on." Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "A little bit chaotic when they loaded two planes at the same time in a very tight space in Amsterdsm but this was most likey an airport soecific design issue and not a KLM issue. The flight was as good as can be expected fir an international flight. The staff was great" Pros: "Almost everything, especially the crew." Cons: "Don’t feel like anything should be better to be honest" Pros: "Crew was very engaging and service was good." Cons: "My seat was horrible. Right at the door, crammed, and no place to store my carry-on luggage." Pros: "Crew was fantastic." Cons: "This was the most narrow airplane seat I’ve ever experienced. So uncomfortable." Cons: "Inflight was better than I expected. But needs upgrading air crafts." Pros: "Friendly and efficient crew. I travel KLM often and always enjoy the flights." Cons: "There were several flight delays and gates were changes a few times." JetBlue8.1 SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 KLM7.8 Book cheap flights from Chicago to London Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Chicago to London found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/28Wed 1 stop 32h 05mORD-LGW $184 Search 2/5Mon 1 stop 32h 32mORD-LGW $185 Search 1/8Mon 1 stop 31h 21mORD-LGW $186 Search 2/1Thu 1 stop 31h 35mORD-LGW $193 Search 1/28Sun 1 stopIcelandair 10h 20mORD-LHR $280 Search 1/28Sun 1 stopIcelandair 10h 25mORD-LGW $280 Search 1/31Wed 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 12h 15mORD-LHR $286 Search 1/28Sun 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 12h 15mORD-LHR $289 Search 12/5Tue nonstopIberia 7h 40mORD-LHR $504 Search 3/9Sat 2 stopsBritish Airways 33h 59mORD-LCY $768 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineIcelandairScandinavian AirlinesIberiaBritish Airways Search by price$190 or less$190 or less$280 or less$290 or less$770 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to London Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Chicago to London that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 12h 15mORD-LHR 12/8Fri multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 17h 25mLHR-ORD $441 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 12h 15mORD-LHR 12/6Wed multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 14h 10mLHR-ORD $442 Search 12/1Fri nonstopIberia 7h 45mORD-LHR 12/7Thu multi-stopIberia 14h 10mLHR-ORD $627 Search 12/1Fri nonstopFinnair 7h 40mORD-LHR 12/3Sun nonstopFinnair 8h 55mLHR-ORD $652 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 12h 31mORD-LHR 12/10Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 8h 55mLHR-ORD $655 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopFinnair 9h 48mORD-LHR 12/3Sun nonstopFinnair 8h 55mLHR-ORD $656 Search 12/1Fri nonstopIberia 7h 45mORD-LHR 12/4Mon multi-stopIberia 14h 05mLHR-ORD $657 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 12h 31mORD-LHR 12/11Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 16h 56mLHR-ORD $663 Search 12/2Sat nonstopBritish Airways 7h 40mORD-LHR 12/4Mon nonstopBritish Airways 8h 55mLHR-ORD $670 Search 12/2Sat nonstopBritish Airways 7h 40mORD-LHR 12/9Sat nonstopBritish Airways 8h 55mLHR-ORD $682 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineScandinavian AirlinesIberiaFinnairAmerican AirlinesBritish Airways Search by price$440 or less$650 or less$660 or less$660 or less$680 or less Chicago O'Hare Airport - London Flights Departure: Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD)United States Return flight deals: London - Chicago O'Hare Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to London $2,381 Business Class flights to London $1,469 Prem Econ Class flights to London $587 Economy Class flights to London Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $349Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to London Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » United Kingdom » England » London $500Flights to London City Airport, London $400Flights to London Gatwick Airport, London $349Flights to London Heathrow Airport, London $377Flights to London Luton Airport, London $385Flights to London Stansted Airport, London View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search London flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to London from Chicago O'Hare Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to London from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.