Cheap Flights from Dallas Fort Worth to Los Angeles from $37 | (DFW - LAX) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW DFW - LAX Find cheap flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles from $37 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Los Angeles These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Los Angeles. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Los Angeles. How much is the cheapest flight from Dallas to Los Angeles?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dallas to Los Angeles that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:07 am - 8:26 pmDFW-LAX 12h 19m1 stop 7:30 am - 12:34 pmLAX-DFW 3h 04mnonstop $79Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 17 9:35 am - 11:10 amDFW-LAX 3h 35mnonstop 10:58 am - 4:00 pmLAX-DFW 3h 02mnonstop $82Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Wed, Jan 17 1:48 pm - 3:23 pmDFW-LAX 3h 35mnonstop 4:00 pm - 9:03 pmLAX-DFW 3h 03mnonstop $83Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 11:06 pm - 1:55 pmDFW-LAX 16h 49m1 stop 6:20 am - 11:24 amLAX-DFW 3h 04mnonstop $89 Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Sat, Jan 20 5:07 pm - 11:26 pmDFW-LAX 8h 19m1 stop 7:50 pm - 12:53 amLAX-DFW 3h 03mnonstop $90 Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Mon, Feb 5 6:34 pm - 12:53 amDFW-LAX 8h 19m1 stop 11:45 pm - 4:50 amLAX-DFW 3h 05mnonstop $92 Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Fri, Jan 19 5:07 pm - 10:29 amDFW-LAX 19h 22m1 stop 8:14 am - 1:16 pmLAX-DFW 3h 02mnonstop $93 Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Sun, Jan 28 3:47 pm - 5:21 pmDFW-LAX 3h 34mnonstop 11:45 pm - 4:50 amLAX-DFW 3h 05mnonstop $96Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Sat, Jan 13 12:22 pm - 3:23 pmDFW-LAX 5h 01m1 stop 12:45 am - 5:45 amLAX-DFW 3h 00mnonstop $208American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Fri, Jan 19 2:25 pm - 5:22 pmDFW-LAX 4h 57m1 stop 12:45 am - 5:45 amLAX-DFW 3h 00mnonstop $238American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Fri, Feb 2 Show more results Flights from Dallas to Los Angeles - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dallas to Los Angeles to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles is September, where tickets cost $186 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are March and December, where the average cost of tickets is $310 and $300 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 49 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Spirit Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $37. KAYAK users also found Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles round-trip flights on Spirit Airlines from $79 and on American Airlines from $208. Which airlines fly non-stop between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Los Angeles? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles. They are: American Airlines, Delta and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $79 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Los Angeles per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 18 nonstop flights that take off from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and land in Los Angeles, with an average flight time of 3h 30m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 99 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Los Angeles? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles take? A direct flight to Los Angeles will take on average 3h 24m to travel the 1,232 miles flying distance from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport at 6:00 am and will be landing in Los Angeles at 7:26 am. What’s the latest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles jets off at 11:30 pm and lands at 1:03 am. Good to know Low season February High season December Cheapest flight $37 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 22% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 21% increase in price. Flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles When to book flights from Dallas to Los Angeles Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dallas to Los Angeles based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles flights Are there pet relief stations at Dallas Fort Worth International Airport? The airport offers a total of eight pet relief stations, four of which are inside the terminal buildings (past security), and four of which are outside the terminal buildings before you pass through security. Please keep in mind that, when traveling with your pet to these stations, they must be leashed at all times. If I am driving to the airport in Dallas, where can I park? The airport offers prepaid parking that you can book online once you know your flight itinerary. When you prepay for your parking before your trip, you will save over the regular daily rates. The Dallas Fort Worth International website offers a consistently updated page showing parking space availability in each of their parking lots. Where can I pick up an Uber at Los Angeles International Airport? Travelers are advised to wait until they have collected their luggage before requesting a ride. Once the ride is requested, users choosing an uberPOOL, uberX, or uberXL can meet their drivers on the departure level, while those requesting UberBlack, uberSUV or uberLUX should meet their drivers on the arrivals level. Does Los Angeles International Airport offer a cell phone lot? The airport does offer a complimentary, 24-hour cell phone lot that is located just a short distance from the terminal buildings. Motorists can park in this lot for no charge, allowing them to wait until their passengers have arrived and collected their bags and are ready to be picked up curbside at the terminal building. Do I need a passport to fly between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Los Angeles? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airports will I be using when flying from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? When flying out of Dallas/Fort Worth Airport you will be using Dallas/Fort Worth. You will be landing at Los Angeles, also known as Los Angeles. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles flight route: Spirit Airlines, American Airlines, Delta, Alaska Airlines, Cape Air, Japan Airlines, Finnair, British Airways, and JetBlue. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Los Angeles, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? There are nonstop flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Dallas to Los Angeles, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Dallas to Los Angeles are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $367 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $290 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Los Angeles from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Los Angeles with an airline and back to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and LAX can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Los Angeles from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from DFW to Los Angeles Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $99 or less one-way and $168 or less round-trip. Travelers on flights from Dallas to Los Angeles looking for a meal with a southwestern flavor need look no further than Lorena Garcia Tapas Y Cocina. Located in Dallas Fort Worth Airport, this restaurant and bar features a classic menu of Southwestern favorites. If the whole family is along for flights from Dallas to Los Angeles and you are looking for a meal that everyone will love, stop by the very well-known TGI Fridays located in Terminal C, Gate 30 at Dallas Fort Worth International Airport. TGI Fridays is a well-known national chain of restaurants offering a host of burgers, full meals, appetizers, and desserts in a fun and festive atmosphere. If you are looking for a place to unwind and relax before your flight or you need a spot to work on that urgent business project, the Centurion Lounge is the perfect spot for you. Located in Terminal D opposite gate D17 at Dallas Fort Worth International Airport, the Centurion Lounge features a modern and sleek look that is incredibly appealing to the eye the minute you enter. For travelers looking to stay close to the airport after flights from Dallas to Los Angeles, they not need look any further than the Hyatt Regency Los Angeles International. The Hyatt Regency Los Angeles International Airport is just a short distance from the terminal buildings at the airport and is just a mere 20 miles from the center of Los Angeles. Most people who take flights from Dallas to Los Angeles are probably going to see the beautiful Pacific Ocean at some point on their trip. If you want to go one step beyond, why not stay right on the ocean at Venice On The Beach Hotel, located just a short drive from Los Angeles International Airport? See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Dallas/Fort Worth to Los Angeles? Find which airlines fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth to Los Angeles, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Dallas/Fort Worth to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +21 more Aeromexico, Air France, +22 more 20 21 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +20 more Aeromexico, Air France, +21 more 19 20 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +22 more Aeromexico, Air France, +23 more 21 22 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +20 more Aeromexico, Air France, +21 more 19 20 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +22 more Aeromexico, Air France, +23 more 21 22 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +22 more Aeromexico, Air France, +23 more 21 22 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +21 more Aeromexico, Air France, +22 more 20 21 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Los Angeles to Dallas/Fort Worth Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +21 more Aeromexico, Air France, +22 more 20 21 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +20 more Aeromexico, Air France, +21 more 19 20 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +22 more Aeromexico, Air France, +23 more 21 22 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +20 more Aeromexico, Air France, +21 more 19 20 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +22 more Aeromexico, Air France, +23 more 21 22 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +22 more Aeromexico, Air France, +23 more 21 22 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +21 more Aeromexico, Air France, +22 more 20 21 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Dallas to Los Angeles See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Dallas to Los Angeles. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dallas to Los Angeles? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 79food 82comfort 88crew 85boarding 78entertainment 85overall Airline reviews Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger." Cons: "Great flight and their service was great. Looking forward to my next flight with them." Cons: "My flight was cancelled and instead of getting a cancellation notice, I received a “your flight has been updated” email which indicated that my flight was changed from Wednesday to Friday. Unacceptable!!!" Pros: "I dont like there service." Cons: "Alaska airlines did not provide assistance and I requested to assist to re check in my baggage. I did not receive any assistance to the airlines staff. This is horrible service and not happy to the alaska airlines." Cons: "Paid for and reserved a premium seat 6 weeks before flight but got reassigned to a non-premium seat upon check-in. I had to call customer care for a refund of the premium upgrade. No more live TV unlike the old Virgin America." Pros: "Being in the service industry I completely understand how important customer service is! Alaskan airlines have asked their staff to use the customers name as much as possible. It was great to see that when I was borning my name was used. This was not an ordinary monotone thank you that every single person gets. The “ Have a nice flight and Thank you for flying with us”, was cheerful and upbeat and I was greeted with a smile. During my flight the customers names were used as they were asking to take orders as well as passing out food as though you were known person to them. I am not a regular flyer, I did not use my credit card, the fact that they used my name means Alaskan has a trick to the trade that others don’t.. I am not a regular flyer, I did not use my credit card, my flight attendants knew my name. What an amazing experience." Cons: "That there wasn’t anyone to meet us at the gate and we had to wait on the plane." Pros: "Excellent crew. very friendly. No attitudes" Cons: "they were not ready for us at LAX. We spent 20 minutes in a remote corner of the airline waiting for a gangway so we could go down to the tarmac and wait another 50 minutes for buses. No gate, no buses, just standing around. Terrible planning for our arrival" Cons: "Auxiliary generator broken so plan got hot very quickly. Flight was 2.5 hrs delayed due to another mechanical failure. And then once we were in air they generously notified us that the WiFi was broken. Utter garbage." Pros: "The crews spilled coffee on me and my purse.....made my LV bag so smelly" Lisa the flight attendent was absolutely wonderful - I loved her energy and you could tell that this crew was amazing family - thank you for making our flight home to LA so very fun! Love and Sun Chips! Cons: "Delaying a flight by 2 hours for crew issues is ridiculous and even more do not alerting me to the change before I was at the airport. Terrible" Pros: "The crew was great and the service was quick and very nice." Cons: "It sounds weird but I didn’t know which window was mine so I had one shut and the one in front of me shut during the flight." Cons: "original, non-stop flight was delayed by 6 hours; was able to get rebooked to another flight but was still 2 hours delayed and my bag arrived another 2 hours after me, ending in a 4 hour delay over all. paid for a non-stop and ended up with a layover." Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "Delta is professional and safe. The best fares ever." Cons: "Lack of food/snack choices. Seem like a shortage on ice." Pros: "I, as a tall man, was allowed to move into an exit row with no additional charge. The flights were not full." Pros: "Great airline stewards" Cons: "Suggestion- Overhead bin should be assigned to the seat the person is seated in." Pros: "Delta personel were wonderful and helpful both flights" Cons: "Flights were continually changed both on route to Cancun and on the way back" Pros: "I loved that I was able to get home! The crew was nice." Cons: "It was very very warm in the plane. The entertainment unit was lacking." Gate changes 30 minutes before boarding was a real inconvenience. Especially since it was from Terminal A to C. This is the second time this has happened on our trips within a month of each other Pros: "Multiple gate changes (boarding pass gate did not match the departure screens in the terminal. I spoke with an AA employee. He was very rude while confirming the gate information) and several flight delays. By the time we boarded the plane, still departed another 30 min later." Cons: "I understand flight delays may happen, but there is no need for employees to be rude." Cons: "There were several gate changes and delays. My boarding pass gate information did not mirror the gate information on the terminal screen. When I asked the AA employee at the counter to verify the departure gate, he was extremely rude. I understand gate changes and flight delays may be expected, but it made for an awful experience." Pros: "Crew was nice" Cons: "Plane was also dirty and I had to whipe down my own area" Pros: "Unlike other AA planes, the plane that flew this particular route was at least updated with seat-back screens." Cons: "Unfriendly service. A sandwich wrapped in plastic wrap is an absolutely horrible excuse for first class meal service." Cons: "More sanitation efforts. Stop overselling flight to help stop the spread of COVID-19" Pros: "Entertainment and air hostess" Cons: "American Airlines have to improve with their food. Spend more than 500 for ticket and they cannot provide lunch for > 5 hour flight? We had to buy that food as well. They also boarded us too soon and didn't have time to grab the food outside as our time between flight is only 50 mins." Cons: "Everything was late, the flight, the logage pick up, the aproching to the station which means 30 minutes inside the plane parked waiting for a spot to get off, and finally The Price." Pros: "Crew was super friendly and accommodating." Cons: "Affordable fares equate to such a small amount of space." Cons: "Would have been better if the flight attendant didn’t drop another passengers drink on me. They gave me nothing for being sorry." Pros: "Very organized" Cons: "No issues, I found value for the amount I paid for my flight" Cons: "Service for people not able to sleep on the long haul" Pros: "The crew seemed willing to reebok flights and they didn't get angry or upset at the passengers." Cons: "The broken lavatory caused a 4 hour delay. It was a difficult experience because we were kept thinking it was going to get fixed soon but it wasn't." Cons: "Can’t charge devices. Have to pay for watching movies. Pay for suitcase!" Pros: "On time flight." Cons: "Security was overzealous. I didn't know the standards changed for how many ounces you could carry over three days. The normal ounces of liquid was no more than 4.0 ounces. I had no problem going through security with that amount of spray deodorant flying from IAW, Dulles. DFW airport security says the limit is no more than 3.4 ounces. So they kept my harmless deodorant. I need TSA to get on the same sheet of music worldwide. People don't have time or money to waste having to deal with different TSA standards everywhere they go." Pros: "The service from the staff to fix the issue created by bad information and they were super nice about the situation. My flight out to visit my son and his family was great ." Cons: "In united club I was told to report to flight gate at 1715. I missed my flight because of bad information. This issue was corrected by some super nice employees st the gate counter. I've always gone to the club when have longer layover times I pay the day fee but this caused my time back home to be closer to midnight not the before 2200. To then top off the night I get home and my luggage was damaged. Just a really long and troubling trip back home." Pros: "This is by far the best flight experience ever: spacious leg room-awesome, snack and complimentary drink-bomb.com, and got 20 min earlier than expected-smooth as butter. I love United." Cons: "One member of the crew was rude, advise if you dislike your job quit and find another!" Pros: "The flight was delayed, but once I got on I had a great flight!" Cons: "It would have been helpful if hanging a garment bag were available, which was the case on my return flights to DC on American Airlines." Pros: "Crew was OUTSTANDING!!!" Cons: "Best trip by plane trip I’ve experienced so far." Cons: "Sat on tarmac for over an hour waiting for another Spirit plane to clear the gate. Bad planning on the part of the airline." Pros: "Timely flight." Cons: "Being charged for a seat and overhead luggage. That will cause me to favor another carrier. Thanks." Cons: "we Had more space as far as seating on our way out but our flight back seemed like a tighter squeeze. But every thing else was good." Pros: "We were on time. They showed class and dedication. The flight was smooth and we arrived earlier than scheduled." Cons: "Nothing I can think of" Pros: "Smiley hosts." Cons: "There is no complimentary drinks or snacks. Bus like seats. Don't recommend for flights over an hour." Cons: "everything. cancelled flight. 2 hours turned into 11. no thank you. bye spirit. never again" Pros: "Thought the flight was cheap but that's just a lie" Cons: "So many hidden fees terrible customer service. Never again will I fly spirit" Cons: "There is a fee for everything! By th time you pay for everything, you end up paying as much as one of the better flights with more comfortable seats! I think they will charge you for oxygen you're breathing very soon! The free bag allowance is as big as a purse, no wonder they're going to change the size in a mont, but that didn't help me! I almost hated everything about it! Didn't like the spirit of the flight and the company!" Cons: "What is the point of checking in online if you are not able to get a boarding pass? I checked in more than an hour in advance and couldn't get my boarding pass printed out. After getting to the kiosk, the lady refused to print me a boarding pass because I was 5 minutes past the check in time. There was more than 45 minutes before the plane took off to go through TSA and get patted down 3 times-no one in line. Regardless if I had waited in line as a late check in or checked in early to get my boarding pass printed, I would still not have gotten on the flight. The staff was unsympathetic at all and did not have the desire to accommodate us with any similar flights. Second and last time this happens-pleasure of never doing business with Spirit again." Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Dallas to Los Angeles Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Dallas to Los Angeles found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/12Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 10h 42mDFW-LAX $37 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 13h 18mDFW-LAX $39 Search 12/19Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 14h 21mDFW-LAX $40 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 13h 16mDFW-LAX $41 Search 1/3Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 06mDFW-LAX $139 Search 4/3Wed 1 stopAlaska Airlines 10h 17mDFW-LAX $180 Search 12/12Tue nonstopDelta 3h 35mDFW-LAX $209 Search 3/17Sun nonstopDelta 3h 37mDFW-LAX $210 Search 1/17Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 12h 35mDFW-LAX $214 Search 1/3Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 18h 50mDFW-LAX $224 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesAlaska AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$40 or less$180 or less$210 or less$220 or less Last minute flights from Dallas to Los Angeles Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Dallas to Los Angeles that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 34mDFW-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 39mLAX-DFW $116 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 14h 16mDFW-LAX 12/9Sat nonstop 3h 06mLAX-DFW $123 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 15h 46mDFW-LAX 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 06mLAX-DFW $139 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 35mDFW-LAX 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 15mLAX-DFW $142 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 24h 23mDFW-LAX 12/9Sat nonstop 3h 03mLAX-DFW $144 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 35mDFW-LAX 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 42mLAX-DFW $147 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 11h 23mDFW-LAX 12/6Wed nonstop 3h 15mLAX-DFW $152 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 28mDFW-LAX 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 06mLAX-DFW $153 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 7h 20mDFW-LAX 12/9Sat nonstop 3h 06mLAX-DFW $154 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 7h 20mDFW-LAX 12/11Mon nonstop 3h 03mLAX-DFW $155 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit Airlines Search by price$120 or less$140 or less$150 or less$150 or less$160 or less Dallas/Fort Worth Airport - Los Angeles Flights Departure: Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW)United States Destination: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Los Angeles - Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Cabin classes: $558 First Class flights to Los Angeles $858 Business Class flights to Los Angeles $624 Prem Econ Class flights to Los Angeles $84 Economy Class flights to Los Angeles Browse origins: Flights » United States » Texas » Dallas » Dallas/Fort Worth Airport $75Flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » Los Angeles $75Flights to Los Angeles, Los Angeles Compare transportation modes for Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles Average price Average duration Flights $946 3h 32m Trains $320 43h 45m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Houston Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Burbank Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Los Angeles flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Los Angeles from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Los Angeles from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.