Cheap Flights from Atlanta to Miami from $18 | (ATL - MIA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ATL - MIA Find cheap flights from Atlanta to Miami from $18 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/31. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Miami These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Miami. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Miami. How much is the cheapest flight from Atlanta to Miami?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Atlanta to Miami that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:20 am - 1:19 pmATL-MIA 1h 59mnonstop 7:45 am - 9:57 amMIA-ATL 2h 12mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Thu, Dec 14 11:02 am - 1:01 pmATL-MIA 1h 59mnonstop 5:06 pm - 7:18 pmMIA-ATL 2h 12mnonstop $39Frontier Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Wed, Dec 13 10:24 pm - 12:25 amATL-MIA 2h 01mnonstop 7:45 am - 9:58 amMIA-ATL 2h 13mnonstop $40Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Wed, Jan 17 6:24 pm - 8:27 pmATL-MIA 2h 03mnonstop 5:45 am - 7:45 amMIA-ATL 2h 00mnonstop $41Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sun, Dec 17 6:24 pm - 8:27 pmATL-MIA 2h 03mnonstop 10:00 pm - 12:13 amMIA-ATL 2h 13mnonstop $43 Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Thu, Dec 14 11:02 am - 1:01 pmATL-MIA 1h 59mnonstop 7:45 am - 9:57 amMIA-ATL 2h 12mnonstop $44Frontier Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Thu, Dec 14 6:25 pm - 8:28 pmATL-MIA 2h 03mnonstop 5:45 am - 7:45 amMIA-ATL 2h 00mnonstop $45Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Thu, Dec 28 4:34 pm - 6:38 pmATL-MIA 2h 04mnonstop 7:32 pm - 9:45 pmMIA-ATL 2h 13mnonstop $48Frontier Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Sat, Feb 10 9:45 pm - 11:46 pmATL-MIA 2h 01mnonstop 5:45 am - 7:45 amMIA-ATL 2h 00mnonstop $50 Find Deal Wed, Jan 3 - Sat, Jan 6 7:13 am - 1:20 pmATL-MIA 6h 07m1 stop 9:00 pm - 11:05 pmMIA-ATL 2h 05mnonstop $191American Airlines Find Deal Wed, May 22 - Thu, Jun 6 Show more results Flights from Atlanta to Miami - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Atlanta to Miami to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Atlanta to Miami? The average price of all flights from Atlanta to Miami clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Atlanta to Miami, you should consider leaving on a Tuesday and avoid Sundays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Atlanta, you’ll find the best rates on Tuesdays and the most expensive ones on Sundays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Atlanta to Miami? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Atlanta to Miami is August, where tickets cost $109 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and November, where the average cost of tickets is $190 and $178 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Atlanta to Miami? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Atlanta to Miami, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 28 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Atlanta to Miami? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Atlanta to Miami were found on Frontier ($38) and Spirit Airlines ($41). Spirit Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $18. Which airlines fly non-stop between Atlanta and Miami? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Atlanta to Miami. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Atlanta to Miami. They are: American Airlines, Delta, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $35 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Atlanta and Miami per day? Each day, there are between 12 and 19 nonstop flights that take off from Atlanta and land in Miami, with an average flight time of 1h 56m. The most common departure time is 10:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 106 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Atlanta and Miami? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Atlanta to Miami take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Miami from Atlanta is typically 1h 58m. The journey crosses a distance of 596 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Atlanta to Miami? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Atlanta at 5:33 am and will be landing in Miami at 7:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from Atlanta to Miami? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Atlanta to Miami jets off at 11:00 pm and lands at 12:54 am. Good to know Low season October High season March Cheapest flight $18 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 10% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 13% increase in price. Flight from Atlanta to Miami When to book flights from Atlanta to Miami Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Atlanta to Miami based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Atlanta to Miami Are pets allowed to travel through Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport? Yes, you can bring your pet as you travel through ATL. However, as per TSA’s guidelines, your pet should remain within the crate while inside the airport. The only time they can leave is when passing through security or using the indoor relief areas. You will find pet relief areas in every concourse and Gates B33, C19, T7, A10, E14, F7, and the D-Midpoint. ATL also has a dog park outside the domestic terminal. What are the accessible services available at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport? ATL is a fully accessible airport. The airport has provided step-free access to all airport areas with ramps and elevators. Also, there are accessible restrooms for those traveling with attendants. The parking garages have disabled spots reserved, and even the public transport options from ATL have wheelchair lifts. There are courtesy wheelchairs provided at the airport and TDD telephones for the hearing impaired. What are the most sustainable airlines flying from Atlanta to Miami? On average, about 505 kg of carbon is emitted on flights from Atlanta to Miami. However, Frontier Airlines, Delta, and Southwest Airlines operate some of the most sustainable flights on this route. These airlines emit 71%, 63%, and 60% less carbon than other airlines flying from Atlanta to Miami. Which airlines have lounges at Miami International Airport? If you wish to have access to the lounges at MIA, fly with American Airlines, Delta, and Turkish Airlines. These airlines operate lounges at MIA, all of which require their ticket and a fee to access. Nonetheless, the airport has other lounges you can access by paying at the door, like the Avianca VIP Lounge, Club America, and the VIP Lounge at MIA. Can I fly from Atlanta to Miami non-stop? Yes, you can. Flights from Atlanta to Miami take a little less than 2 hours and are quite popular, with hundreds of flights between the two cities a week. The route is served by a number of airlines, including Delta, American Airlines, and Frontier. How do I get from downtown Atlanta to Atlanta Hartsfield Airport? To get from downtown Atlanta to the airport, travelers can catch the MARTA bus 191, which stops at various points in the city center, or the Greyhound Flightlink, which offers a great connection between the airport and the regional bus service. Alternatively, travelers can also leave from the Amtrak station, which is connected to the airport by a 2-bus journey. Are there on-site hotels at Atlanta Hartsfield Airport? Yes, there are: Minute Suites is located directly inside the airport, in Concourse B (Gate B16). Featuring 5 private suites equipped with a bed, free Wi-Fi, and noise-masking system, the hotel can be booked even just for a few hours, to get in a rejuvenating sleep if you’re in between flights. What is there to do in Atlanta Hartsfield Airport? If your flight is late and you are stuck in Atlanta Airport, don’t worry about what to do during a long wait. If you are hungry, there are plenty of spots where you can enjoy a sandwich and a good cup of Joe, or even have a proper sit-down meal. To get a spot of last-minute shopping done you can also hit the wide variety of stores available, or get pampered at the spa and then check out Atlanta’s art scene through the rotating displays in the airport. Do I need a passport to fly between Atlanta and Miami? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Atlanta to Miami? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Atlanta to Miami flight route: American Airlines, Spirit Airlines, Delta, Cape Air, Alaska Airlines, ITA Airways, JetBlue, Aeromexico, KLM, and Air France. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Atlanta to Miami? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Atlanta to Miami flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Atlanta to Miami? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Atlanta and Miami, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Atlanta to Miami? There are nonstop flights from Atlanta to Miami on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Atlanta to Miami, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Atlanta to Miami are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $141 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $248 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Atlanta to Miami? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Atlanta to Miami. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Atlanta to Miami? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Miami from Atlanta is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Atlanta to Miami? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Miami with an airline and back to Atlanta with another airline. Booking your flights between Atlanta and MIA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Atlanta to Miami? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Miami from Atlanta up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ATL to Miami Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $55 or less one-way and $133 or less round-trip. Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) is one of the biggest airports in the US, with two terminals and seven concourses connected by walkways and an underground Plane Train. Walking from one concourse to the next or between terminals can be hectic, so using the Plane Train or the International Shuttle Connector should quickly get you across. If you wish to shop before your Miami adventure, consider shopping at the duty-free shops at Miami International Airport (MIA). MIA has at least six Duty Free Americas shops operating in various terminals. You’ll find these shops at gate D16, Gate D30, Gate F11, Gate J6, and the H-J Connector in South Terminal. Flying can be stressful sometimes, and if you need to calm some nerves before your flight to MIA, you’re welcome for a relaxing massage or other spa treatments at the XpresSpa in ATL. You will find the spa at A Centerpoint, around Gates C 34 and D 26. If you’re looking to send some last-minute urgent emails before your devices go to flight mode, you’re welcome to use the business centers at ATL. These centers are equipped with computers and high-speed internet, and they offer other services, including photocopying, faxing, and printing. You’ll find the business center on Concourse T, second floor. Are you headed straight for the beach? MIA has a fast and convenient Miami Beach bus service for those who just can’t wait to hit the beach. The buses cost around $2.65 one way and depart every 30 minutes. You will find these buses at the Miami Intermodal Center. Flights from Atlanta to Miami, in Florida, usually depart at Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport, which is located 9.4 miles south of downtown Atlanta. The flight takes about 2 hours. If you are flying with your children, don’t worry about entertaining them while you wait for your flight at Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport. Indeed, in Terminal 6 there is a play area fully equipped with toys and games which your children will love. If your flight to Miami is just the first leg of your trip, don’t worry about spending a long layover in Miami Airport. Need to relax? Head to one of the airport lounges or spas, or even the yoga room for a quick session. Alternatively, you can go shopping for gifts and souvenirs or enjoy works from local artists, on display in various points of the airport. If your flight to Miami lands late, why not spend the night at the airport rather than traveling into town at night? The Miami International Airport Hotel is located in the pre-security area of Concourse E and features both night and day rooms, subject to availability, that are perfect for a good rest. After landing at Miami Airport, travelers can choose from a plethora of options to get to the city center. The easiest ways, however, are using the Amtrak Rail (20- or 30-minute trip), the Miami Beach Airport Flyer bus, both cheap and fast, and the Metrorail (Orange Line). Alternatively, travelers can also hail a taxi or rent a car, both of which are easy to find at Arrivals. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Miami? Find which airlines fly direct from Hartsfield-Jackson to Miami, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Miami Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Miami to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Atlanta to Miami See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Atlanta to Miami. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Atlanta to Miami? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19619 reviews 86crew 83boarding 78food 82comfort 79entertainment 82overall Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was nice. My seat was ripped. There was some type of tape by the window. The flight was late and wasn’t informed" Cons: "Communication with travelers if a flight will be late and better aircraft"Read more about JetBlue Pros: "The crew was nice. My seat was ripped. There was some type of tape by the window. The flight was late and wasn’t informed" Cons: "Communication with travelers if a flight will be late and better aircraft" Pros: "The crew members were to patience with everyone and making sure everyone have a comfortable flight." Cons: "N/A" Cons: "Boarding members kept me for no reason to my Cary on bag" Cons: "The flight was an hour delayed due to technical / gas issues" Pros: "Like that I had access to WiFi whole on the plane." Cons: "Not charging for food or snacks" Pros: "Excellent leg room, friendly staff, smooth plane ride and new upgraded seats" Cons: "Nothing, excellent experience" Cons: "Nobody speaks english. Announcement also in Portuguese. Very difficult for foreigners. Gate people are awful." Cons: "Our flight out of Atlanta was delayed twice, and eventually cancelled due to mechanical problems - this caused us to miss our connecting flight from JFK to TLV. We had to rescheduled our flights (slow and convoluted route): Atlanta, Boston, Newark, Tel Aviv. We are presently in Boston." Cons: "The temperature in the plane was freezing for the first hour it was only when passengers had to ask it to warm up" Cons: "The door wouldn’t open once we arrived in Detroit" The Delta flight was delayed for maintenance issue. The crew is also delayed and I’ve been there at the same time as I was so it was really outside the hands of crew directly. However, where Delta failed was there was about eight other ways for me to get to my final destination and they did not offer changes beyond the initial one. The flight was delayed five hours when they had to change my connecting flight they had to downgrade my premium class for so far zero compensation and I’m still waiting on the results of a formal complaint. All in all this was the worst experience I’ve had with Delta in quite some time. Carrying the review for my first light over to this one, I was downgraded a class and because of my status I’ve only flown comfort plus or higher in some years I was unaware of things like drink vouchers, or anything like that, as far as I knew drinks were complimentary. The attendant was unnecessarily nasty towards me when I was just asking her to explain how it works and I showed her my first class ticket even though I was in the back of the plane and she was still equally unhelpful and frustrated. I’m not saying that the first class ticket should allow better treatment. I’m saying that I was showing that normally I would’ve had it for free beverage and so I didn’t know what she was talking about, she didn’t need to be so frustrated. Outside of that if the flight was 2 1/2 hours and the snack and beverage options did not become available until the final 30 minutes of the flight when we were on the descent, so any snacks and drinks were quickly rushed away. I do not know if this is common for what main cabin normally experiences but I hope it isn’t because that level of customer service and tending to the needs of the passengers is below what I would call essential. Pros: "On a quick 40 minute flight they still managed to serve coffee, water and snacks." Pros: "Seat was comfortable, boarding was good" Cons: "WiFi didn’t work, my tv didn’t work either" Cons: "Seats are terrible - need replacing-worn out; say like Queen Latina, setting on top of one another; absolutely no leg room!" Pros: "The poor cabin stewardess was working the whole time as it was a short flight." Cons: "This is a horrible route, they charge you more than flying to Europe and give you a one hour ride in a cramped plane where you can't even bring in a carry-on. The cost is insane but is one of the reasons Wall Street loves Delta as they are racking in the profits for very little service." Pros: "the young man who was our flight attendant was just terrible. He could care less about his job. Name I think was Nathan." Pros: "We actually did not fly this route. We bought a car and drove home!" Pros: "Got me there Safely" Cons: "Couldn’t understand announcements... at all! By flight attendant or pilot" Cons: "There was no food or entertainment. There was a problem with the seat of the person in front of me. He couldn't keep his seat straight and his head was in my lap throughout the flight." Pros: "Great crew" Cons: "Wi-Fi not working or hard to get to work. Flight was delayed by an hour and service was very rushed." Pros: "The crew onboard was fantastic. The food was pretty good as well" Cons: "Seat are extremely uncomfortable they are too small" Cons: "Even with the delay I had a good flight and the service on board was very good" Pros: "Friendly crew and better extras in premium economy than my last AA flight. This flight included an upgraded meal, docks, pillow, toothbrush." Cons: "Entertainment system didn’t work." Pros: "Great service and on time flight. Got a good comfortable seat with nice leg room." Cons: "Tecnical problems dellay no good american arlines i dont recomended" Cons: "3 hours delay, NOT entertainment at all, this is ridiculous! The dinner was regular, but breakfast was terrible." Pros: "Hostesses were great. And pilot landed safely" Cons: "Stayed too long on the jet way. No available gate" Pros: "the staff was great from check in at the airport until I landed" Cons: "I wish the snacks were heathy like dried fruit and nuts" Cons: "8 hour delay on a 2 hour flight. They would not book us on another airline and could care less that we would miss our flight to Buenos Aires. The desk staff made it worse by being indifferent and called the police instead of listening to passengers. I will not fly again." Pros: "They are always nice and considerate after 4+ years flying constantly. They rate #1" Cons: "No complaints" Cons: "Take off could have been better. It was delayed, but pilot helped resolve the problem; so, it was fine." Pros: "Crew was very nice" Cons: "They could’ve offered free snacks instead of only offering items for purchase." Pros: "The seat for United First is really comfortable and the in-flight dinner for the route was pretty good." Cons: "Miserable seats. Inadequate overhead storage - I was forced to put my only carry on, a day pack, under my seat making the small seat and foot room even more uncomfortable." Pros: "United did a great job keeping us informed of where the plane was and why we were being delayed. Only 15 minutes late. But staff explained why and I think this helps ease people's anxiety. Inflight wifi was awesome!" Cons: "Charge for carry on Middle seat No full can of beverage" Cons: "Didn't like the fact that you had to pay to watch movies" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "It was not a good experience at all. Honestly, I wanted my money back. I sent United this letter, but no one is gotten back to me yet. Hello, my name is David Larkins. I have had literally the worst airline experience of my life today with United airlines. With confirmation number BS2EL9, my flight was set to go from Atlanta to Burbank, with a connection in San Francisco. The flight from Atlanta was delayed about 10 minutes, however, they assured us that we would arrive in San Francisco at the correct time of 9:39 AM with enough time to get to our connecting flights. They lied. Whereas we did arrive in San Francisco at around 9:39 AM, the plane taxied for approximately 15 or more minutes before letting anyone off of the plane. Still, I ran to my connecting flight before it left the runway at 10:10am. However, I was not permitted to step onto the plane by the fellow at the gate at the time. He told me that because boarding time was over at 9:55a, he would not let me step on the plane even though it was still on the runway. I was upset. I went to customer service and explained my situation to them. Speaking with a girl named Krystin S., I explained that I really needed to get to Burbank on time, before 2 o'clock. Today, I had a final for school, a meeting, and interview with a job, and I had to drop my dog off at the vet for an appointment which costed around $150. Krystin told me that there was nothing she could do, and offered me only a meal voucher. I was offended, and declined the voucher. I then spoke to customer service and they told me there was nothing they could do after informing me that the flight that they switched my flight to was delayed yet another hour and I would not arrive until 350pm. This is absolutely unacceptable, and I need a remedy. Far larger than a simple meal voucher. I have lost more money by missing my flight to Burbank because of the Atlanta airport lying to me then the flight was even worth. Also, I requested to speak to someone, but the representative on the phone said they didn't have a phone number to speak to anyone which adds to the cumbersome nature of this issue. Please contact me back, as soon as possible. I'm very upset at the situation. David Larkins" Pros: "This regional airplane was extremely comfortable! The flight was comfortable and the crew was very helpful." Cons: "I wasn't too excited that the in-flight entertainment quit working about five hours in, but the crew did their best to remedy the situation." Pros: "I appreciated the seat assigned to me was directly behind first class; gave me more leg room." Cons: "The flight was over an hour late, that knocked the POTENTIAL top rating down to a max of 4 out of 5 stars ......" Cons: "The ride was a little bumpy but all in all it was a good quick flight" Pros: "I liked nothing about Frontier Airlines. Horrible service, cramped seating, unruly passengers and the flight time just kept getting delayed. I never want to fly with them again!" Pros: "Absolutely awful! I have never seen such a ridiculous airline before. More than 3 hours delays? Unbelievable! I am now at Miami airport stranded because of the long delays with Frontier flight from Atlanta. This is absolutely unacceptable!" Cons: "Absolutely awful! I have never seen such a ridiculous airline before. More than 3 hours delays? Unbelievable! I am now at Miami airport stranded because of the long delays with Frontier flight from Atlanta. This is absolutely unacceptable!" Cons: "3 hours delay made me miss the next flight from MIA - GIG. I had to then spend the entire day at the airport with no accomodations provided. Terrible costumer service." Pros: "I got what I paid for & that's all I expected ....." Pros: "On time" Cons: "Extremely high charge for carry-on baggage, extremely high charge for changing flight times, no beverage service, seats are very small with no iPhone charger available." Pros: "New airplane, clean. Quick boarding." Cons: "was obligated to check-in at counter instead of online. Carry on check-in is misleading. Single personal item allowed of minuscule size. If website does't have option to add luggage if purchased through third party and have to call customer service to have carry on added. 30 dollars plus 5 dollars because you called in. At airport luggage fees are ridiculous. 45 dollars for a carry-on...." Cons: "There were no snacks, not one drink was free, and the seats did not even recline. I will not be purchasing any further trips with Frontier no matter the price." Pros: "I didn't like anything." Cons: "The plane smells, the air quality is staler than the norm, the seats are uncomfortable, the people who work for frontier are rude and no one will accommodate you for anything." JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Atlanta to Miami Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Atlanta to Miami found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/31Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 00mATL-MIA $18 Search 12/24Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 02mATL-MIA $19 Search 12/11Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 03mATL-MIA $20 Search 12/11Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 00mATL-MIA $21 Search 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 59mATL-MIA $24 Search 1/1Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 57mATL-MIA $69 Search 12/15Fri nonstopDelta 1h 59mATL-MIA $104 Search 4/11Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 07mATL-MIA $118 Search 12/29Fri nonstopDelta 1h 59mATL-MIA $144 Search 4/1Mon 1 stopJetBlue 8h 47mATL-MIA $190 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaJetBlue Search by price$20 or less$20 or less$70 or less$120 or less$190 or less Last minute flights from Atlanta to Miami Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Atlanta to Miami that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 03mATL-MIA 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 06mMIA-ATL $39 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 00mATL-MIA 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 12mMIA-ATL $48 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 2h 00mATL-MIA 12/8Fri nonstop 2h 00mMIA-ATL $54 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 01mATL-MIA 12/9Sat nonstop 2h 06mMIA-ATL $55 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 03mATL-MIA 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 12mMIA-ATL $56 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 1h 59mATL-MIA 12/8Fri nonstopFrontier 2h 13mMIA-ATL $58 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 00mATL-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 13mMIA-ATL $61 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 03mATL-MIA 12/8Fri nonstopFrontier 2h 13mMIA-ATL $63 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 01mATL-MIA 12/9Sat multi-stop 4h 40mMIA-ATL $68 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 03mATL-MIA 12/8Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 00mMIA-ATL $69 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontier Search by price$50 or less$60 or less$60 or less$60 or less$70 or less Atlanta - Miami Flights Departure: Atlanta (ATL)United States Destination: Miami (MIA)United States Return flight deals: Miami - Atlanta Cabin classes: $564 First Class flights to Miami $735 Business Class flights to Miami $514 Prem Econ Class flights to Miami $42 Economy Class flights to Miami Browse origins: Flights » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $35Flights from Atlanta to Miami Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Miami $35Flights to Miami, Miami Compare transportation modes for Atlanta to Miami Average price Average duration Flights $719 1h 59m Buses $167 14h 05m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Honolulu Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Miami flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Miami from Atlanta. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Miami from Atlanta. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.