Cheap Flights from New York JFK to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi from $388 | (JFK - BKK) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JFK - BKK Find cheap flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from $388 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 3/7. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Bangkok. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Bangkok. How much is the cheapest flight from John F Kennedy Intl to Suvarnabhumi?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Suvarnabhumi that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:00 am - 11:20 pmJFK-BKK 24h 20m1 stop 3:20 pm - 10:00 amBKK-JFK 29h 40m1 stop $721SAUDIA Find Deal Thu, Mar 7 - Thu, Mar 14 12:00 pm - 1:40 pmJFK-BKK 38h 40m1 stop 3:20 pm - 10:00 amBKK-JFK 29h 40m1 stop $722SAUDIA Find Deal Sun, Mar 10 - Tue, Mar 19 11:00 am - 11:20 pmJFK-BKK 24h 20m1 stop 3:20 pm - 10:00 amBKK-JFK 29h 40m1 stop $728SAUDIA Find Deal Thu, Feb 29 - Wed, Mar 13 7:25 pm - 6:05 amJFK-BKK 23h 40m1 stop 7:35 am - 10:25 pmBKK-JFK 25h 50m1 stop $820Turkish Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 23 - Wed, May 15 7:25 pm - 6:05 amJFK-BKK 23h 40m1 stop 7:35 am - 10:25 pmBKK-JFK 25h 50m1 stop $852Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Apr 10 - Wed, May 8 1:25 am - 10:25 amJFK-BKK 22h 00m1 stop 11:40 am - 10:05 pmBKK-JFK 21h 25m1 stop $983EVA Air Find Deal Tue, Apr 23 - Thu, May 9 10:30 pm - 5:25 pmJFK-BKK 31h 55m1 stop 12:15 pm - 6:50 pmBKK-JFK 41h 35m1 stop $990Singapore Airlines Find Deal Wed, Apr 24 - Sat, Jun 1 5:00 pm - 2:00 amJFK-BKK 21h 00m1 stop 3:10 am - 2:25 pmBKK-JFK 23h 15m1 stop $999Kuwait Airways Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Mon, Feb 19 5:00 pm - 2:00 amJFK-BKK 21h 00m1 stop 3:30 am - 2:25 pmBKK-JFK 22h 55m1 stop $1,018Kuwait Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Tue, Feb 13 1:25 am - 11:30 pmJFK-BKK 35h 05m1 stop 11:40 am - 10:05 pmBKK-JFK 21h 25m1 stop $1,023EVA Air Find Deal Mon, Apr 29 - Thu, May 9 Show more results Flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Suvarnabhumi - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Suvarnabhumi to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport is September, where tickets cost $965 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,625 and $1,586 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, you should book around 2 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 81 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport found on KAYAK was with SAUDIA for $388. SAUDIA proposed a round-trip connection from $721 and Turkish Airlines from $820. How long does a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport take? Flying to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from New York John F Kennedy Airport requires at least one layover, as there are no direct flights for this route. The shortest flight duration is 20h 40m. Good to know Low season June High season November Cheapest flight $388 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 27% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 4% lower on average. Flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport When to book flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Suvarnabhumi Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from John F Kennedy Intl to Suvarnabhumi based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport flights Which other airports in New York offer flights to BKK other than JFK? In New York, you can also board your flight to BKK at Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) or LaGuardia Airport (LGA). LGA usually has lesser passenger traffic than EWR. It is also closer to New York’s city center than EWR. As such, it’s safe to say that between the two, LGA is more convenient to board at. Are there places I can relax at JFK? At JFK, you can enjoy quality spa services at either Be Relax Spa or XpresSpa. Be Relax Spa is situated in Terminal 5, across from Gates 6 and 7, while XpresSpa is found in Terminal 1, near gates 3 and 6. Is BKK a hub for any airline? BKK is one of the busiest airports in Asia. As a result, it is unsurprising that this airport is a hub and focus city for many Asian airlines. It is a hub for Bangkok Airways, K-Mile Air, Thai Airways International, and Thai Smile, and a focus city for China Southern Airlines, EVA Air, Thai AirAsia, Thai AirAsia X, Thai Lion Air, and Thai Vietjet Air. What is the quickest way to travel from BKK to Bangkok’s city center? To travel from BKK to Bangkok’s city center, you can board a taxi, bus, public van, and train. If you’d love to cover the distance between these two destinations as quickly as you can, you should board a taxi, as taxis are the fastest among the available means. Do I need a passport to fly between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in New York John F Kennedy Airport and on arrival in Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. Which airports will I be using when flying from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? On your way to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, you’ll fly out from New York John F Kennedy Intl. You’ll be landing at Bangkok Suvarnabhumi. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from New York John F Kennedy Airport? Incheon is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to Bangkok, Singapore Airlines or SAUDIA? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to Bangkok are Singapore Airlines and SAUDIA. With an average price for the route of $1,028 and an overall rating of 8.6, Singapore Airlines is the most popular choice. SAUDIA is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $868 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from New York John F Kennedy Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport with an airline and back to New York John F Kennedy Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and BKK can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from New York John F Kennedy Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from JFK to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport On the date you’re set to board your flight to Suvarnabhumi Airport (BKK) at John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK), you should arrive at the airport at least 2h before your flight. Getting to the airport early will enable you to go through all the airport’s security checks in time for your flight. If you’d like to pray or meditate as you wait for your flight to BKK at JFK, you can do so at the airport’s chapel on the departure levels of Terminal 4. You can use this chapel, regardless of your faith, as it is an interfaith chapel. If you’re traveling with a baby, you can breastfeed privately in one of the many nursing rooms at JFK. Available in Terminals 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, and 8, these nursing rooms feature hand washing stations, changing tables, comfy seats, and power outlets you can use to charge your breast pump. Before departing BKK, you can catch your breath at one of its superb lounges. Miracle First Class Lounge and Bangkok Airways Blue Ribbon Lounge are some of the notable lounges in this airport. These lounges in Concourse C and A, respectively, feature clean washrooms, a wide selection of snacks and drinks, and several entertainment materials. If you’d like to leave some of your luggage at BKK, you should visit one of the two storage locations in the airport run by the Left Luggage Baggage Service Center. One is located on the 2nd floor of the Arrival Hall, while the other is on the 4th floor of the Departure Hall, behind the check-in counter. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from John F Kennedy Intl to Suvarnabhumi See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to Bangkok. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from John F Kennedy Intl to Suvarnabhumi? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.6 Singapore AirlinesOverall score based on 3983 reviews 88boarding 85comfort 86entertainment 83food 87overall 89crew Airline reviews Pros: "The help desk employees who helped me rebook my flight." Cons: "After rushing to catch my connecting Singapore flight, their desks were closed and there wasn’t an employee in site. Given that airlines can see connecting fights it would have been great to have someone stay back to either give me a boarding pass or help me rebook! UNSATISFACTORY!"Read more about Singapore Airlines Pros: "The help desk employees who helped me rebook my flight." Cons: "After rushing to catch my connecting Singapore flight, their desks were closed and there wasn’t an employee in site. Given that airlines can see connecting fights it would have been great to have someone stay back to either give me a boarding pass or help me rebook! UNSATISFACTORY!" Cons: "The person next to me had a distinct body odor." Pros: "Always love the SIA business product on long haul." Cons: "This trip had a lot of minor service and cleanliness misses. But they are quibbles in the scheme of the overall great product." Pros: "Everything. New plane amazing food on a two hour flight Great new entertainment system on the seat back." Cons: "A little more leg room." Cons: "Great Airline. Great staff and service. Good food and drink." Pros: "The crews on board were amazing!" Cons: "The service from the ground staffs are not as good a the crews onboard." Cons: "without any possibility to call back. or to call again while being late, when arrived with plenty of time before departure. nobody was on the gate. when tryed to do all myself whithin minutes tsa didnt bother to speedup process and it took forever. i missed my flight literally in seconds." Pros: "The food was good, good choices and at good intervals. Lavatories were well maintained. Entertainment was excellent." Cons: "My first leg, the crew appeared rushed. Seating was tight. Would definitely upgrade next time." Pros: "Singapore Airlines delivers as always. Friendly crew and clean and well maintained aircraft." Pros: "The service was excellent start to finish. I found the movie selection to be excellent on the plane and the food was tasty and above average for airline food, and the seats were comfortable." Pros: "Crew friendly and courteous as always, plane had more legroom than most, entertainment tech was top-notch, and of course, EVA always has great food." Pros: "The crew and food was great. The legroom not so great." Pros: "Comfortable seat with good storage and lavatories are clean and big." Pros: "Premium Economy was worth the $$. Especially when the 1st leg of the flight was 15+ hours. My wife was able to sleep 7+ hours. Comfortable and spacious chairs, with good recline." Pros: "I enjoy visiting Japan. I love the cultural, the foods, the people, Museums, and architecture. I came specifically to celebrate my 65th birthday by climbing Mt. Fuji." Pros: "Clean plane" Cons: "Food was horrible, flight Attendants are professional but cold as ice." Pros: "Everything was very well organized and efficient. Plus the prices were so cheap! :)" Cons: "Everything was great." Pros: "Flew with EVA 16 years ago to Hanoi, Vietnam and again in 2018 to Hanoi, via Taipei. Very professional, attentive, good food, little amenities that make a difference in the overall experience of traveling. Very clean bathrooms, even after a 16-1/2 hour flight to Taipei it was still clean at the end of the trip. Food was good and plentiful, wine, spirits, beer, and non-alcoholic beverages offered. Came around at least three times on the leg to Taipei with food and water and when I wanted more water they gladly made sure I stayed hydrated on such a long flight." Cons: "I" Pros: "Very good service. Good seat legroom. Shiite connection wait time." Cons: "Nil" Pros: "I liked nothing" Cons: "In spite of JFK airport shuting down due to Storm Grayson, EVA airline refused to cancel the flight until 1 hour before the time of departure! They wouldnt listen to my requests to change flights until it was too late. JFK airport put out a notice at 7:30PM stating that they woukd be closed until 7am the next morning. However, i recieved an email from EVA airlines AND Kayak around 9 PM stating that my flight was on time... the airport was closed!! Terrible organization... overall a really bad experience." Cons: "Wish there were more English instructions spoken. It was mostly Thai and Chinese." Pros: "Food was slightly better than the previous flight." Cons: "Same lousy headphones. My seat had a led rest that made it harder to get in and out, and wasnt usable due to the close distance to the seat in front. What was the designer thinking? I missed the drink service if there was one, never saw water going around until right at the end. . ." Cons: "I am an average-size person but even for me I found the seats were small and uncomfortable." Pros: "The crew was very attentive and helpful (ie, helped me with vegetarian options). Everyone was pleasant and friendly." Cons: "More comfortable seats, needed a back rest or thicker pillows. Will opt for premium seats in the future." Pros: "Food and service from staff onboard the flight. Seat was also very comfortable. Overall very good" Cons: "At check in the staff felt while flying business class that my carry-on bag was too heavy so they asked me to take papers out and just walk with these. FYI I always take a lot of paper with me to read and as it was a 16 hour flight to Taipei and a subsequent flight of 1.5 hours to HongKong that is what I did. Was really ridiculous and upsetting to get treated for a one wat flight payong $2750 like thos" Pros: "Lots of selections on entertainment during flight, good movies and music." Cons: "None" Pros: "good service and food but A330 is too old and small" Pros: "Flight went well and was on time" Cons: "Seats were a bit tight. I sat in the middle with other passengers on either side of me. The foot space was very awkward as there was a metal support from the seat in front of me. One foot had to be placed on either side of the bar, sharing space with each passenger on either side of me." Cons: "Thieves cut the lock on my luggage and robbed me of valuables during my 2 hr layover in Bangkok. Spoiled my trip" Pros: "Movie choices" Cons: "Staff treatment, food, cabin pressure was off, cold temperature, uncomfortable seats" Pros: "i like the food and movie choices." Cons: "Crew was little bit rude. They didn’t help me to find the spot for my carry on luggage." Pros: "Another fantastic trip with Turkish Airlines. Everything from their membership in Star Alliance, to their awesome customer service, to their fantastic tasting food." Pros: "Food was great! Crew was excellent and I loved entertainment choices!" Pros: "The staff member who checked me in was very friendly" Cons: "the inflight staff needs to improve their behaviour in dealing with passengers. Some were quite rude. The aircraft seats were extremely cramped. The food selection was quite poor." Cons: "Seats are very comfortable! Very nice flight, crew, entertainment screens are large," Pros: "Everything from boarding to disembarking was good." Cons: "I had an impression that the seats on Turkish Airline were spaced further apart in economy class compared to other airlines based on several of our past trips. This time it was very tight. Dissapointed! Hope they bring the old spacing back." Cons: "The seat are not comfortable for a long flight, I felt I was on a city bus it's very cramped and tight and I'm a medium size person, totally not recommended for heavy people" Pros: "Some of the crew members were sweet, and helpful. I liked that the bathroom had soap and lotion as well." Cons: "The security was rude when we were getting into our gate. They humiliated a man because he didn't understand their accent. There was a group of young employees and they came off as very immature. There was a crying baby next to me for the majority of the 13 hours. They ran out of food, and I had no choice but to eat the pasta option even though I do not eat pasta in my normal life. My knees hurt from not having space to stretch out for such a long flight. It was freezing cold and they did not have extra blankets. It felt like my section kept getting skipped over for everything (food, liquids, general checking in to make sure people were okay). We boarded late, and left late. When I arrived the luggage took VERY long - almost an hour - to come out." Pros: "Worst" Cons: "I was on the phone for 4 hours, went to Turkish office in New York City (they didn't agree to see me), called various sales offices without obtaining a resolution. The only option I have is to lose the full fare of this ticket." Pros: "Everything was great. Service. Very comfortable. The staff was great" Cons: "N/A" Cancelled flight probably not enough seats were filled. Mess up with luggage and it took 1.5 hrs to start dispersal on belt For the price, I recommend other airlines. Indigo might save a few hundred bucks but the quality of service, food selection, wait time, delays is really bad. This is like the Spirit airlines of India, if you know what I mean. Pros: "Worth buying an XL seat Liked the rolling ramp better than steps. Buses to terminal were wuick" Cons: "Baggage policy for checkin and carryon is too restrictive, too low. Too many email messages sent by IndiGo." Pros: "Seats very uncomfortable" Cons: "Separate counters for wheel chair passengers as well as bus transport. There were several unruly travellers and it is not fair that ground staff should have to remind passengers of protocol. Separate transport will help." Pros: "Cleanliness, quality of service and the attitude of cabin staff." Cons: "Delays to be avoided, Gate changes to be avoided, Boarding process was not properly streamlined." Pros: "I liked the total travel time the flight took." Cons: "The boarding suddenly changed the gate just within minutes of the departure & informed none." Pros: "Clean comfy seats Attentive and polite staff" Cons: "Very delayed. Refreshments were offered after we had already bought them ourselves!" Cons: "Promises free meal was not provided in lounge- reason cited no mail communication received from indigo" Pros: "Worst service" Cons: "Bad. I had paid for seats in row 1 and they allocated seats in row 29 and no explanation given" Cons: "Check in was terrible. They had so much trouble with international credit card!!! Almost made me miss my flight." Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 China Airlines7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 IndiGo7.2 Book cheap flights from New York to Bangkok Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to Bangkok found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 3/7Thu 1 stopSAUDIA 24h 20mJFK-BKK $388 Search 2/29Thu 1 stopSAUDIA 24h 20mJFK-BKK $407 Search 3/7Thu 1 stopSAUDIA 24h 20mJFK-BKK $409 Search 4/29Mon 1 stopSingapore Airlines 28h 50mJFK-BKK $581 Search 2/20Tue 1 stopSingapore Airlines 28h 15mJFK-BKK $587 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopKuwait Airways 21h 00mJFK-BKK $607 Search 4/27Sat 1 stopChina Airlines 23h 35mJFK-BKK $621 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopKuwait Airways 21h 00mJFK-BKK $630 Search 4/13Sat 1 stopChina Airlines 27h 45mJFK-BKK $651 Search 2/6Tue 3 stopsAir India 32h 25mJFK-BKK $657 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSAUDIASingapore AirlinesKuwait AirwaysChina AirlinesAir India Search by price$410 or less$580 or less$610 or less$630 or less$660 or less Last minute flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Suvarnabhumi Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to Bangkok that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri multi-stopCathay Pacific 21h 15mJFK-BKK 12/13Wed multi-stopCathay Pacific 28h 55mBKK-JFK $974 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 20h 45mJFK-BKK 12/5Tue multi-stopCathay Pacific 30h 20mBKK-JFK $978 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 20h 45mJFK-BKK 12/6Wed multi-stopCathay Pacific 22h 45mBKK-JFK $984 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopKuwait Airways 20h 40mJFK-BKK 12/11Mon multi-stopKuwait Airways 23h 15mBKK-JFK $992 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopKuwait Airways 20h 40mJFK-BKK 12/11Mon multi-stopKuwait Airways 23h 15mBKK-JFK $1,003 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSAUDIA 30h 45mJFK-BKK 12/19Tue multi-stopSAUDIA 29h 40mBKK-JFK $1,069 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSAUDIA 30h 45mJFK-BKK 12/12Tue multi-stopSAUDIA 29h 40mBKK-JFK $1,239 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAsiana Airlines 23h 10mJFK-BKK 4/15Mon multi-stopAsiana Airlines 21h 55mBKK-JFK $1,300 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopEVA Air 31h 02mJFK-BKK 12/11Mon multi-stopEVA Air 30h 50mBKK-JFK $1,317 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAsiana Airlines 23h 10mJFK-BKK 12/7Thu multi-stopAsiana Airlines 21h 00mBKK-JFK $1,324 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineCathay PacificKuwait AirwaysSAUDIAAsiana AirlinesEVA Air Search by price$980 or less$990 or less$1,070 or less$1,300 or less$1,320 or less New York John F Kennedy Airport - Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport Flights Departure: New York John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)United States Destination: Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport (BKK)Thailand Return flight deals: Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport - New York John F Kennedy Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Bangkok Business Class flights to Bangkok Prem Econ Class flights to Bangkok Economy Class flights to Bangkok Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York John F Kennedy Airport $721Flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Thailand » Bangkok » Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport $721Flights to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from New York John F Kennedy Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.