Cheap Flights from Miami to Athens from $218 | (MIA - ATH) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MIA - ATH Find cheap flights from Miami to Athens from $218 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/11. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Athens These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Athens. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Athens. How much is the cheapest flight from Miami to Athens?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Miami to Athens that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:05 pm - 12:40 pmMIA-ATH 31h 35m1 stop 1:30 pm - 8:15 pmATH-MIA 37h 45m1 stop $505Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 20 - Tue, Mar 5 11:05 pm - 6:55 pmMIA-ATH 13h 50m1 stop 6:00 pm - 10:31 pmATH-MIA 35h 31m2 stops $511Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Tue, Mar 26 - Tue, Apr 9 11:20 am - 6:30 pmMIA-ATH 24h 10m2 stops 6:00 am - 11:18 pmATH-MIA 24h 18m2 stops $530ITA Airways Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Fri, Feb 2 9:30 pm - 1:25 amMIA-ATH 20h 55m1 stop 8:00 pm - 4:45 pmATH-MIA 27h 45m1 stop $534British Airways Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Tue, Jan 30 2:45 pm - 1:35 pmMIA-ATH 15h 50m2 stops 8:00 am - 8:35 pmATH-MIA 19h 35m2 stops $549British Airways Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Mon, Feb 26 11:20 am - 12:45 amMIA-ATH 30h 25m2 stops 6:00 am - 4:05 pmATH-MIA 17h 05m1 stop $559ITA Airways Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Mon, Jan 22 7:50 pm - 4:40 pmMIA-ATH 13h 50m1 stop 2:40 pm - 2:35 pmATH-MIA 30h 55m1 stop $578SWISS Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sat, Jan 13 11:30 pm - 3:30 pmMIA-ATH 34h 00m1 stop 3:40 pm - 7:15 amATH-MIA 22h 35m1 stop $610Turkish Airlines Find Deal Tue, Mar 26 - Tue, Apr 9 10:30 pm - 8:30 amMIA-ATH 27h 00m1 stop 3:50 am - 7:15 amATH-MIA 34h 25m1 stop $619Turkish Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Mon, Apr 29 4:40 pm - 4:40 pmMIA-ATH 17h 00m1 stop 2:40 pm - 2:35 pmATH-MIA 30h 55m1 stop $673SWISS Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Fri, Jan 12 Show more results Flights from Miami to Athens - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Miami to Athens to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Miami to Athens? The average price of all flights from Miami to Athens clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Athens on a Wednesday and more expensive on a Friday. On your return trip to Miami, you should consider flying back on a Wednesday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Miami to Athens? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Miami to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Miami to Athens is January, where tickets cost $654 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,474 and $1,453 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Miami to Athens? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Miami to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Miami to Athens, you should book around 2 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 23 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Miami to Athens? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Athens from Miami were found on Scandinavian Airlines ($356) and Delta ($415), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Scandinavian Airlines ($505) and ITA Airways ($530). How long does a flight from Miami to Athens take? Flying to Athens from Miami requires at least one layover, as there are no direct flights for this route. The shortest flight duration is 13h 20m. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $218 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 30% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 56% increase in price. Flight from Miami to Athens When to book flights from Miami to Athens Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Miami to Athens based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Miami to Athens How do I get from the Athens International Airport Eleftherios Venizelos (ATH) into the city? Athens International Airport Eleftherios Venizelos (ATH) is about 20min from the city center. There are a couple of economical travel choices for you to get to your hotel. You can take the bus and you'll be in downtown Athens in about 55min. The Metro (or subway) is also a convenient way to travel around the city. It will take you about 50min to get from the airport to the heart of Athens. The bus leaves from outside of the airport's arrival hall. And the subway station is a short walk from the airport's main terminal. Is it easy to get around and navigate the Miami International Airport (MIA)? You'll find it easy to get around the airport because of its Skytrain people mover. It goes around both the domestic and international terminals. You can catch the train at four different locations around the airport. It takes passengers from one concourse to another and to other airport facilities such as the rental car center and public transit. What benefits and amenities are offered at the Athens International Airport Eleftherios Venizelos (ATH)? The Athens Airport has lots for passengers to enjoy. There is a food court, retail shops, airport/business lounges, and art exhibits that feature photos, ethnic costumes, sculptures, and paintings. An information desk makes it easy to gather brochures about local attractions, hotels, transportation, and tours. Where can I eat at these airports while waiting on my flight? When you're at the Miami International Airport (MIA), you can eat at several popular restaurants including Dunkin Donuts, Pizza Hut, Subway, and Wendy's. At the Athens International Airport Eleftherios Venizelos (ATH), you can enjoy a meal at a pasta restaurant, a Greek restaurant, or Burger King. Do I need a passport to fly between Miami and Athens? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Athens from Miami. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Miami to Athens? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Miami to Athens? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Miami and Athens, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Athens from Miami? Istanbul is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Miami to Athens. Which is the best airline for flights from Miami to Athens, SWISS or Turkish Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Miami to Athens are SWISS and Turkish Airlines. With an average price for the route of $1,157 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Turkish Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $943 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Miami to Athens? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Miami to Athens. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Miami to Athens? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Athens from Miami is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Miami to Athens? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Athens with an airline and back to Miami with another airline. Booking your flights between Miami and ATH can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Miami to Athens? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Athens from Miami up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from MIA to Athens If you have an early morning flight or are driving to Miami to catch your flight, there is a hotel at the airport. There is a Miami International Airport Hotel inside Terminal E. This hotel offers several guest amenities such as blackout curtains, soundproof rooms, and a complimentary breakfast. There are several parking options at the Miami International Airport (MIA) if you drive yourself. If you prefer covered parking, there is the Dolphin and the Flamingo Garages. You can leave your car in either of these places for as long as 45 days. At the Athens International Airport Eleftherios Venizelos (ATH) you can exchange your US dollars for euros. There are currency exchange centers all around the airport including the arrival hall near baggage claim and at both the arrival and departure levels by the free access area. On your flight from the Miami International Airport (MIA) to the Athens International Airport Eleftherios Venizelos (ATH), you'll have to change planes along the way. Some cities you might have a layover in include Istanbul, Zurich, Atlanta, Paris, Madrid, or Rome. There is a spa at the Miami International Airport (MIA). At this spa, you can book beauty services like a manicure or a pedicure, or you can enjoy a massage or another wellness service. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Miami to Athens See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Miami to Athens. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Miami to Athens? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82boarding 77entertainment 79food 82overall 78comfort 86crew Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was fantastic" Cons: "Boarding was delayed by 30 minutes. May have been beyond the crew control."Read more about SWISS Pros: "Crew was fantastic" Cons: "Boarding was delayed by 30 minutes. May have been beyond the crew control." Cons: "Swiss does not know how to handle their own problems and hurt passengers in the process." Pros: "The crew was very nice and very good. They served the evening meal very promptly. They could have made another trash run prior to everyone trying to sleep for the night flight." Cons: "The coach seats are narrower than any I have encountered and they are very close to the rows in front and behind. Not comfortable at all." Pros: "Very positive experience." Cons: "Flight was delayed because of a flight late arriving from Barcelona. Unlike an international flight...no entertainment & only a slight snack food. Still highest marks for the crew and the service that they provided" Pros: "Service and food were good considering it was "plane food". No delay whatsoever." Cons: "Black box under the front seat. No room for legs. Seat blocked in lower position, impossible to make it stay in upper position. Entertainment wasn't working good: extremely laggy when it was working ... Seats are way too short. You got the neck support into the upper back ... And I am only 1.80m. Overall, I am done with Swiss until they upgrade their planes. Wifi was 99usd for 220 mo ... what a joke. A 20+yo plane for a such reputated company. There was still the ashtrays inside the restrooms." Pros: "Paid in advance 45.00 a seat to reserve! Otherwise they assign at Check-in! Still ended up with a standard not premium seats in center. I chose 2 side seats online but plane must have changed. Literally could not move. My travel partner ended up spilling wine on himself primarily due to this and 1/2 size drop down trays. Call button brought no help , had to get up and go retrieve steward in back myself!" Cons: "Comfortability , mediocre service." Pros: "The service was outstanding!" Cons: "Most people had to wait at the gate for a boarding pass and my daughter and I were in completely different parts of the aircraft." Pros: "Quick flight" Cons: "Small plane with very uncomfortable thin hard seats. Could feel the ride on this plane. Food not great. No entertainment on board." Cons: "Boarding is a mess There is no order at all That delays the flight" Pros: "Smooth flight" Cons: "I ordered a kosher meal and did not get it. The seats are very uncofmfortable. When the one in front puts their seat back it goes almost in to the face of the one behind." Pros: "The boarding was great and moved very well. The crew super friendly and helpful." Cons: "More information on how to use the complimentary Wifi in the cabin. I had the app and it helped me but it’s not immediately in front of you so the passenger can decide. You guys offer WiFi in packages and most of the other airlines do not." Pros: "The crew is always smiling and ready to help you and I really like that." Pros: "I fly a lot, and I am very impressed with the level of consistency that Delta has offered the last couple of months. This flight didn’t disappoint. The crew was particularly friendly" Cons: "Nothing I can think of-10/10" Cons: "Flight was delayed and we missed our connection. Wondering why all the shuttles were parked and unavailable when you knew there were connection s that were tight." Pros: "Everything and everyone was very nice and helpful My son has a cognitive disability and he flew by his self And they helped him find his seat and treated him with respect." Cons: "While trying to get a gate pass to pick up our son from the gate Delta service makes it very hard to know where to go and get the pass and then they only had one person working at ticket assist. Totally unacceptable. Many managers walking around but no one actually helping." Pros: "Arrived on time and smooth flight though it was completely full" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They charged me $646 for the flight. And we departed 40 min later. I arrived late to my work. They gave me seat in the back of the plane. Horrible" Pros: "Staff are adept at dealing with these issues but it is a systemic problem." Cons: "Rather than pay luggage fees, people are bringing on their luggage and the flight ALWAYS runs out of space. Suitcases are being moved around right at people heads and more than once I've been hit and seen other people be hit in the head by a suitcase. Getting luggage in place used to be a simple and minor issue, now it occupies much of the time, energy, and attention of the cabin crew as well as the gate crew. I realize this is making money for Delta but the cost is being paid by people being hit in the head with luggage and the crew's unavailability to deal with other issues." Pros: "Very nice stewardess on this plane. Seating was excellent." Cons: "Crew was not apologetic after we missed connecting flight due to technical difficulties with their plane. I was re-routed to Barcelona and then a very budgetary Airlines to Athens which was ridiculously tight again with seating and flight was almost an hour late. Luggage didn't come until following day. And to top it off, I thought I would be flying with KLM on both legs!" Pros: "The take off and landing were very smooth and the crew was nice." Cons: "Crying baby aboard" Pros: "The seats were surprising and comfortable and reclined quite a bit. The food was excellent and the people serving it was so nice" Cons: "Not much leg room on economy class. 200 $ extra makes the trip better" Pros: "Food" Cons: "Plane is old, seats are economy in business class. Dont fly business no need tonpay extra" Pros: "The service, generosity of the crew, the food and the comfort in the cabin ,actually everything in this flight was 5 stars." Pros: "The food was excellent and the crew was super efficient." Cons: "Tight bathroom and no leg room." Cons: "Flight to Istanbul was fine. The flight back was a terrible experience! During our connecting flight in Athens our boarding passes wouldn't print at the self service computers and there was no one to help us so we had to go back out to the front desk. The airline representative was extremely rude. There was 5 employees standing around the computer with NO customers and when we asked if this was Turkish Airlines and if they could help, the woman (manager) responded "this WAS Turkish Airlines" as if they were done helping customers for the day (it was 9AM and our flight was leaving in 45 min). We explained that we couldn't print our passes and she ROLLED her eyes as if it was an inconvenience to help us. THEN on our flight from Istanbul to Chicago, a passenger died an hour into the flight and they placed the body on the seats behind us for over 10 hours! Nobody even told us what happened! We didn't know if they died from natural causes or if it was something else! They didn't offer to seat us somewhere else or even inform us they were placing the body there. We were completely shocked and uncomfortable the whole flight home. We couldn't eat or sleep. We're completely disgusted and scarred from this overall experience." Pros: "Finally got a vegan sandwich that saved my life after the 13 hour flight before this one!" Pros: "Unfortunately I was extremely not happy with the flight I had a layover for about 11 hours and every time I spoke with a representative they didn't have any new information" Cons: "The customer service experience along with the unorganized procedure for a delayed flight." Cons: "My flight tonight (0078) from MIA to Istanbul was delayed by over 5 hours. I am traveling with an infant and it has been IMPOSSIBLE to get anyone to help us. Finally, someone at the airport helped in re-booking our flights but I have yet to have anyone give me an answer regarding compensation! In addition, we are traveling with an infant which isn't easy but we had the bassinet seat on our original flight. Now it's sold out for the flight tomorrow and no one will assist in trying to help get us better seats. I understand things are out of your companies control but being in an airport with an 18-month baby isn't easy and no one in this company has made this crazy travel schedule easier. I would like someone to call me back or email me with something that could maybe be done to help us! No one at the call center will help!" Pros: "I know it wasn't Turkish Airlines fault, but I booked through Kayak who went through Web jet for the tickets. Webjet cancelled our tickets and never notified me. They never contacted me back, and I almost had to book another ticket." Pros: "Crew was great, on time flight, clean plane." Cons: "Entertainments options were shockingly few. Honestly have not been on a plane recently with so few and limited options of TV series and movies. I was extremely surprised. Wish I had know and I would’ve had more options for my family." Cons: "Boarding at Florence is always chaotic but this isn't within the control of KLM or their crew." Pros: "KLM are our airline of choice. A great full-service carrier with impecable standards." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Reclinable seats." Cons: "The food!! The lights could be dimmed as it was a night flight." Pros: "Seat was comfy and spacious for economy class" Cons: "Vegetarian meal was okay but could be more enjoyable if served with bread at start of meal." Cons: "Head support for 6 feet plus people on seats would be good" Pros: "Crew was ok." Cons: "Screens need a serious upgrade, my seat didn’t recline all the way nor could it be restored to an upright position. Not very comfortable and I paid for a seat upgrade." Cons: "The air conditioners fan was bad and they had to fix it in London which took over 40 minutes off travel time...we arrived much later than expected in Lagos" Pros: "Like the overall KLM experience" Cons: "Food could have had better quality and the stewardess served it all at once versus in the various courses." Pros: "Nice seats. Only seats with a row of 2, which is what I wanted," Pros: "Friendly crew, tried their best to accommodate" Cons: "Boarding was delayed and once in the plane more delay followed. Food was pasta (again!) while entertainment was non-existent. Flight is long enough to show at least a route map." Pros: "Plane was clean and a little more roomy than most long distance flights." Cons: "Entertainment system in my row didn't work correctly. Flight delayed due to weather. On board announcements said Lufthansa would rebook passengers with connecting flights and tell us arrangements as soon as we landed. No sign of Lufthansa reps at arrival gate area and zero directions on where to go. Had to walk miles through Frankfurt airport , go through immigration and security again without any direction one where to find Lufthansa and when finally found Lufthansa service counter it was understaffed with long lines and confusion. By time we learned rebooking, we almost missed rebooked connections. So much for German organizing and efficiency." Pros: "The crew was really good. The food was much better than my cross the Atlantic flight. There wasn’t any entertainment so I am not sure how to rate it." Cons: "Frankfurt airport is not very good. Why does a passenger who has cleared security in the US have to do it again in Frankfurt? It is an unnecessary requirement that causes some passengers to miss their connecting flight. I will give them a pass on clearing immigration But going thru security....no." Cons: "Had to run thru airport to catch plane, thn long wait to board." Pros: "They even filled my water bottle a couple of times in addition to numerous glasses at my seat." Pros: "A male flight attendance made me feel uncomfortable. I sat in empty sit with number 3 instead of 4 and he asked me to check my number on my boarding pass. WIth an extremely directive and dictating tone in his voice he told me YOU SHOULD GO AND SIT to what your ticket says. It is VERY important to be sited, although the seats are available you should be sited where your boarding pass directs you to be." Cons: "I realized that some people of their crew are extremely insane! I have never had an issue like this, with DELTA or AIR FRANCE, or KLM, or NORWEGIAN, or SAS If it was only one persona that I had to deal with, which it was on my flight from NY to Munich I would say , it was coincidence . One person is not a statistical point and accuse the whole Company. But this was repeated on my second flight from Munich to Athens. Then I said, this is not coincidence, it is a pattern that is repeated and not professional . NEVER AGAIN WITH LUFTHANSA is my decision and my recommendation." Cons: "They don’t have order while boarding No space for the carry on- they didn’t ask to check them for free." Cons: "All flights in Frankfurt boarded via jet bridge. Flight to Greece boarded via a bus. Freezing weather in Frankfurt. Are Germans prejudiced to Greek passengers?" Pros: "Always professional in every detail Great food Great customer service" Cons: "The variety of drinks" Pros: "The crew was more helpful than the transatlantic flight." Cons: "My seat. It was right behind the first class and as the crew rushed to serve them, they threw the separating curtain at my face as I was sitting on the corridor. It was so frequent I couldn't sleep and the passanger did the same." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from Miami to Athens Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Miami to Athens found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/11Thu 1 stop 21h 05mMIA-ATH $218 Search 1/11Thu 2 stops 20h 50mMIA-ATH $227 Search 2/18Sun 2 stops 45h 56mMIA-ATH $244 Search 3/8Fri 1 stop 21h 05mMIA-ATH $250 Search 1/13Sat 1 stop 21h 00mMIA-ATH $259 Search 12/9Sat 2 stopsDelta 23h 45mMIA-ATH $415 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopTurkish Airlines 14h 45mMIA-ATH $605 Search 1/7Sun 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 18h 29mMIA-ATH $782 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopBritish Airways 19h 45mMIA-ATH $838 Search 12/11Mon 1 stopTurkish Airlines 14h 45mMIA-ATH $3,161 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineDeltaTurkish AirlinesAmerican AirlinesBritish Airways Search by price$230 or less$250 or less$420 or less$780 or less$3,160 or less Last minute flights from Miami to Athens Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Miami to Athens that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri multi-stopAir France 15h 07mMIA-ATH 12/6Wed multi-stopAir France 18h 32mATH-MIA $552 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopLufthansa 23h 05mMIA-ATH 12/11Mon multi-stopLufthansa 16h 40mATH-MIA $560 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAir France 15h 07mMIA-ATH 12/5Tue multi-stopAir France 40h 02mATH-MIA $562 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopLufthansa 23h 05mMIA-ATH 12/14Thu multi-stopLufthansa 16h 40mATH-MIA $563 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopSWISS 13h 55mMIA-ATH 12/4Mon multi-stopSWISS 17h 20mATH-MIA $570 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopTurkish Airlines 15h 30mMIA-ATH 12/5Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 30h 30mATH-MIA $746 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 15h 50mMIA-ATH 12/15Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 25h 59mATH-MIA $1,087 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopITA Airways 17h 27mMIA-ATH 12/15Fri multi-stopITA Airways 27h 40mATH-MIA $1,153 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopITA Airways 17h 27mMIA-ATH 12/15Fri multi-stopITA Airways 24h 23mATH-MIA $1,158 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopTurkish Airlines 27h 00mMIA-ATH 12/14Thu multi-stopTurkish Airlines 24h 15mATH-MIA $1,393 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir FranceLufthansaSWISSTurkish AirlinesBritish AirwaysITA Airways Search by price$560 or less$560 or less$750 or less$1,150 or less$1,390 or less Miami - Athens Flights Departure: Miami (MIA)United States Destination: Athens (ATH)Greece Return flight deals: Athens - Miami Cabin classes: First Class flights to Athens Business Class flights to Athens Prem Econ Class flights to Athens Economy Class flights to Athens Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Miami $426Flights from Miami to Athens Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Greece » Athens $426Flights to Athens, Athens Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Philadelphia Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Ontario Flights to Charlotte Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Athens flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Athens from Miami. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Athens from Miami. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.