Cheap Flights from Calgary to Montreal from C$ 118 | (YYC - YUL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYC - YUL Find cheap flights from Calgary to Montreal from C$ 118 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 7/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Montreal These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Montreal. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Montreal. How much is the cheapest flight from Calgary to Montreal?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Calgary to Montreal that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:00 a.m. - 1:06 p.m.YYC-YUL 4h 06mdirect 1:55 p.m. - 4:40 p.m.YUL-YYC 4h 45mdirect C$ 174Lynx Air Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Tue, 30 Jan 7:00 a.m. - 1:06 p.m.YYC-YUL 4h 06mdirect 7:55 p.m. - 10:40 p.m.YUL-YYC 4h 45mdirect C$ 189Lynx Air Find Deal Sun, 21 Jan - Thu, 1 Feb 7:00 a.m. - 1:06 p.m.YYC-YUL 4h 06mdirect 1:55 p.m. - 4:40 p.m.YUL-YYC 4h 45mdirect C$ 191Lynx Air Find Deal Sun, 17 Dec - Thu, 18 Jan 2:20 p.m. - 12:11 a.m.YYC-YUL 7h 51m1 stop 7:55 p.m. - 10:40 p.m.YUL-YYC 4h 45mdirect C$ 197 Find Deal Wed, 28 Feb - Wed, 6 Mar 7:00 a.m. - 1:06 p.m.YYC-YUL 4h 06mdirect 7:55 p.m. - 10:40 p.m.YUL-YYC 4h 45mdirect C$ 199Lynx Air Find Deal Mon, 19 Feb - Wed, 21 Feb 12:50 a.m. - 7:10 a.m.YYC-YUL 4h 20mdirect 7:45 p.m. - 10:43 p.m.YUL-YYC 4h 58mdirect C$ 204Air Canada Find Deal Mon, 19 Feb - Tue, 27 Feb 7:00 a.m. - 1:06 p.m.YYC-YUL 4h 06mdirect 8:30 p.m. - 11:10 p.m.YUL-YYC 4h 40mdirect C$ 213 Find Deal Mon, 5 Feb - Mon, 29 Jul 7:30 a.m. - 3:35 p.m.YYC-YUL 6h 05m1 stop 12:25 p.m. - 8:49 p.m.YUL-YYC 10h 24m2 stops C$ 237Porter Airlines Find Deal Sun, 18 Feb - Thu, 22 Feb 2:20 p.m. - 12:11 a.m.YYC-YUL 7h 51m1 stop 10:45 a.m. - 8:49 p.m.YUL-YYC 12h 04m2 stops C$ 254Porter Airlines Find Deal Wed, 28 Feb - Wed, 6 Mar 12:50 a.m. - 7:10 a.m.YYC-YUL 4h 20mdirect 7:45 p.m. - 10:43 p.m.YUL-YYC 4h 58mdirect C$ 259Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 20 Feb - Wed, 28 Feb Show more results Flights from Calgary to Montreal - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Calgary to Montreal to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Calgary to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Calgary to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Calgary to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is September, where tickets cost C$ 216 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and February, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 554 and C$ 452 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Calgary to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Calgary to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Calgary to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 46 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Calgary to Montreal? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Lynx Air offered the best one-way deal for that route, at C$ 118. KAYAK users also found Calgary to Montreal round-trip flights on Lynx Air from C$ 236 and on Air Canada from C$ 277. Which airlines fly direct between Calgary and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Calgary to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from Calgary to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Lynx Air and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Lynx Air at C$ 85. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Lynx Air. How many flights are there between Calgary and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 5 nonstop flights that take off from Calgary and land in Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 4h 14m. The most common departure time is 12:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 21 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 24% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Calgary and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Calgary to Montreal take? Direct flights from Calgary generally make it to Montreal in 4h 06m. The flying distance between the two cities is 4,833 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Calgary to Montreal? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Calgary at 12:50 am and will be landing in Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport at 7:10 am. What’s the latest departure time from Calgary to Montreal? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Calgary to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport jets off at 5:30 pm and lands at 11:49 pm. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 118 Best time to beat the crowds (0% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (3% more expensive on average) Flight from Calgary to Montreal When to book flights from Calgary to Montreal Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Calgary to Montreal based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Calgary to Montreal flights Which flights are offered from Calgary International Airport to Montreal-Trudeau International Airport? Travellers looking for easy and convenient flights will find a lot of direct flights from Calgary to Montreal. A variety of airlines offer direct flights to your destination such as Flair Airlines and Air Canada. Those who are looking for flights that require stopovers can book flights operated by Air Canada, the stopover is usually at Toronto Pearson International Airport. Does Montreal-Trudeau International Airport offer Animal Relief Areas? YUL is a pet-friendly airport welcoming pets and service animals on its faculties. Owing to that fact, YYC has various delegated pet relief areas throughout its faculty for service animals and pets to relieve themselves. An outdoor pet relief area is in the multi-level parking garage in front of the terminal building. Additional, indoor pet relief areas is in font of Gate 47 in the domestic area and in front of washrooms next to Gate 73 in the international area. How do I get to Calgary International Airport from Downtown Calgary? Driving yourself to the Airport is the fastest means. It will take you approximately 14 minutes to reach YYC. Travelers seeking alternative means can find the Allied Downtown Shuttle, which offers its services for approximately C$ 15 and takes approximately 16 minutes. Allied Downtown Shuttles depart approximately every 30 minutes. Taxis are a third option to get to YYC taking approximately 14 minutes for around C$ 40. Buses are also a better means to get to YYC, offering their services for around C$ 8 and taking approximately 20 minutes. Are there accessibility services offered at Calgary International Airport? Accessibility services for travelers with limited mobility are available at the Airport. Wheelchairs assistance is available to assist persons with limited mobility to conveniently move throughout the Airport. Nevertheless, you’ll need to make advance arrangements with the airline your travelling with if you need wheelchair assistance. Moreover, accessibility ramps and elevators are available at the entry and departure zones. YYC has washrooms throughout its facility, which are accessible to persons with limited mobility. Which airports will I be using when flying from Calgary to Montreal? Calgary airport is called Calgary and the only airport in Montreal is Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Calgary to Montreal? Air Canada, United Airlines, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Calgary to Montreal flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Calgary to Montreal? The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Calgary to Montreal flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Calgary to Montreal? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Calgary and Montreal, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Calgary to Montreal? There are direct flights from Calgary to Montreal on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Calgary to Montreal, WestJet or Porter Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Calgary to Montreal are WestJet and Porter Airlines. With an average price for the route of C$ 365 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Porter Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 319 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Calgary to Montreal? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Calgary to Montreal. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Calgary to Montreal? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Montreal from Calgary is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Calgary to Montreal? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Montreal with an airline and back to Calgary with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Calgary to Montreal? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Montreal from Calgary up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Calgary to Montreal Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 123 or less one-way and C$ 247 or less round-trip. Calgary International Airport (YYC) offers a lounge for travelers who seek to enjoy a rest among other activities while waiting for their flights. YYC Quiet space offers space for doing yoga, reading books and magazines, or meditating. If someone is picking you up at Montreal-Trudeau International Airport (YUL) they can park at the free Cell Phone Parking Lot while they wait for you to disembark from the plane. And pick you up at the Arrival/Departure Level. YYC has children's play areas that might interest travelers with kids containing play structures made out of sculptured foam. Before security in the Domestic Terminal, kids play area are at Arrival levels at Door 3, and Departure levels at Door 1. After security, kids play area are at the International Departures by Door 3 and at Gate D72 and D80. For those travelling with infants YYC offers nursing rooms, which have changing tables, rocking chairs and milk/water warmers. The nursing rooms are before security at the Arrival level opposite to baggage carousel 9 and the Departure level close to PBS B and Who's Who In The Zoo. After security, they are on Concourse A opposite to the BBQ restaurants. If you are seeking to grab a bite or drink, there are plenty of restaurants in each level of YYC. At Level 1 you’ll find a juice shop . At Level 2 there is a coffee shop, sandwich shop, and a Thai cuisine restaurant. At Level 3 you’ll find a fast food restaurant, coffee shop, and a restaurant. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Calgary to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Calgary to Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Calgary to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +6 more Air Canada,Air France, +7 more 5 6 Tuesday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +5 more Air Canada,Air France, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +5 more Air Canada,Air France, +6 more 4 5 Friday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada,Air France, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Air Canada,Austrian Airlines,Lufthansa, +1 more Air Canada,Austrian Airlines, +2 more 1 Sunday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Calgary Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +10 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +9 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Austrian Airlines, +7 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Austrian Airlines, +9 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +10 more 8 9 Friday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +7 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Air Canada,Austrian Airlines,Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada,Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +8 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 4 airlines serving from Calgary to Montreal See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Calgary to Montreal. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Calgary to Montreal? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9260 reviews 80overall 81boarding 70entertainment 84crew 77comfort 71food Airline reviews Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)"Read more about WestJet Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)" Pros: "Crew were fairly attentive, have experienced better. Liked the Canadian entertainment options, even if very limited." Cons: "Seats were okay, the plane is really showing it's age. Movie selection was very limited, and very dated." Cons: "Minor point. They boarded the plane very early. We got to the gate 1/2 hour before departure, and were almost the last ones to board." Cons: "My other WestJet flights let me have access to wifi via the WestJet app and the entertainment console. I was disappointed to not have access on this flight." Pros: "Dry accommodating staff all around. Thank you" Cons: "More space between people. Not much you can do I understand that. So overall great" Pros: "We arrived where we wanted to go" Cons: "Separated my son and I into middle seats. Made us sit on the tarmac for 30 minutes due a completely predictable issue. We should have been allowed to stay at the gate. Seating is horribly cramped. Less that friendly flight attendants. Arrived late on a red eye in perfect weather. Otherwise delightfu" Pros: "Crew were very good. The economy seats were "ok". Food was good and the service was very good." Cons: "Entertainment didn't have enough new movies to watch. The leg room could've been better." Cons: "Always a ‘full flight’ and they run out of spacein the overhead storage" Pros: "The flight was cancelled at the last minute I had to buy another flight with Air Canada that cost me double the price and i was stuck at the airport all day !!!! The Air Canada flight was at 6.30pm ,and the West Jet was suppose to leave at 11.30am" Pros: "The air hostess were very nice and dis their job well. I complained about the baording lady who got us boarded on to flight and they apologized. They saw the whole incident when the lady came on the flight but they did know know her name when I asked later. That served well with smiles and jokes" Cons: "I went on the flight running through security to make it on time for my flight. Unfortunately security was too long and took a while. I forgot my hand luggage when I grabbed my other bag. I tempted to go out and get it after I boarded. She spoked high toned voice instructing me to go back on flight. I went back and i did... she brought my bag from security I was grateful until she spoked loud in the mid section of the plane to me sarcastically and rudely "so you left a whole bag" and walked out after placing it up. I was sitting way back and people saw it all. I felt she embarrassed and very bad and i think customers should got be treated that way." Cons: "Needs to be more clear that you have to pay to bring bag on." Cons: "The crew could have checked us in...we were 5 minutes late for checkin and had to book and pay for another flight." Cons: "After boarding had to deplane and go on another aircraft." Cons: "Like mentioned previously, long delays, followed by a snafu in the boarding process forcing a manual check in of all passengers. net outcome: 1.5h delay. First experience counts, in my case it was a mediocre one." Pros: "Crew were lovely" Cons: "2 short hauls. Somewhat turbulent. No one can fix that,crept the Big Guy" Pros: "The snacks were great and crew was friendly!" Cons: "My seat was covered in crumbs, cleanliness overall could have been better." Cons: "Buyer beware! When you buy this basic package, they charge $37 for your first bag and another $50 for your carry-on. I just paid $97 for one piece of luggage and a carry-on! This practically doubles the cost of the ticket. Not only false advertising, but highway robbery!" Cons: "Was.not pleased I had to pay $44 to check my carry on!" Pros: "Clearing security was a breeze, the lounge is convenient, boarding easy and the plane was orders of magnitude more comfortable than what Air Transat offers." Cons: "We sat on the runway for a while waiting to take off." Pros: "I appreciated how the staff took me in a wheet-chair all the way to the customs and waited with me while they checked me out. they were courteous, kind and genuine.Very refreshing in this day and age. God Bless all the staff at Porter Air Lines. thank you so very very much, Barbara Ann MacMahon-Firestone, Toronto,Ontario." On time departure with early arrivals. My last flight arrived 20 minutes ahead of schedule which was great due to my long commute home 3+ hours. The cabin crews on all 3 flights were great. See ya in 7 days Air Canada Flight canceled. Extremely difficult to communicate with Air Canada about options. Easy to get online boarding passes, boarding process is quick and efficient. But deplane need improvement, have to wait a long time couldn’t connected to the gate at Montreal airport Excellent customer service for all crews at the boots and flying . Both crews in land and on board, were friendly and professional. I love the messengers revived in my phone guiding me before, during and after the flying. Congratulations, happy to fly again, with Air Canada. Cons: "I didn't like the food at all, and couldn't complete it." Pros: "No food , no entertainment options ." Cons: "Have the option to purchase food on a 5 hour flight ." Cons: "I used Kayak to find my ticket and fill out my information (all kayak logos on top of the page and so on). However, when my confirmation email and e-ticket came in, they were issued by Budgetair.com. I had no experience with them and took it to be a reliable website since they were working with Kayak. However, I had to change/cancel my flight because of delayed passport delivery, and this is when everything turned very Ugly! I had to spend an hour over the phone to get connected to an agent with BudgetAir, who disconnected the line within 2 minutes saying: “please hold so I can pull up your information”. This game went on for 6 hours. I tried to connect with the airline directly to make the change, which was not possible since Budgetair had placed a restriction on this ticket. After 6-7 hours, which meant no work for me or lunch because I was sitting behind my desk with a phone on my hand, I got through an agent who was rude and impolite. He took 15 minutes to find flights for the new dates (I did it in 2 minutes on their website), and then told me to pay $315 in extra fess. When I inquired that the prices on your website for the exact same ticket is way cheaper than my original ticket price, he got angry and aggressive. Basically implying that I have no choice to take their offer as is, or let go of my original ticket price of over $2000. Long story short, DO NOT buy from BudgetAir if you like having a peace of mind!" Cons: "They changed planes and the seats I paid for at reservation were different on the new plane. No warning!!" Pros: "The fact that you still have movies that you don't have to download apps for, nice to keep it simple." Cons: "I want to seriously complain about Air Canada and Kayak booking systems. I reserved the tickets to Shanghai but there were no place reminding me that I need Canadian VISA to connect flights between two Canadian cities. I am a Chinese citizen who is working at USA and not allowed to change flights in Canada based on the newest government rules. However, in both booking systems, there is no reminders. In my opinion, either Kayak or Air Canada can add a simple checkbox to let the potential guest choose his or her nationality status, then this kind of trouble can be mitigated. We talked and called Air Canada people but no buying. They kept saying this is our responsibility. We bought United Airline tickets at the last minutes and cost us about $2,400 because we cannot wait to get back China to prepare our wedding ceremony and US Visa interview. We are very very disappointed with Air Canada and will keep complaining about this issue. As a service supplier, how cannot you think on behalf of a customer? The air company definitely knows more about government rules than a customer. We did have mistakes of not researching government rules. However, the biggest mistake was we trusted Air Canada and Kayak who we thought had taken care of those kind of issues for us. Thanks." Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Book cheap flights from Calgary to Montreal Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Calgary to Montreal found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 7/12Thu directLynx Air 4h 06mYYC-YUL C$ 87 Search 10/12Sun directLynx Air 4h 06mYYC-YUL C$ 88 Search 25/2Sun directAir Canada 4h 20mYYC-YUL C$ 101 Search 27/2Tue 1 stopPorter Airlines 8h 45mYYC-YUL C$ 117 Search 16/2Fri 1 stopPorter Airlines 6h 05mYYC-YUL C$ 120 Search 28/1Sun directAir Canada 4h 20mYYC-YUL C$ 121 Search 29/1Mon directWestJet 4h 13mYYC-YUL C$ 143 Search 29/1Mon directWestJet 4h 13mYYC-YUL C$ 145 Search 29/1Mon 2 stops 22h 01mYYC-YUL C$ 173 Search 28/1Sun 2 stops 16h 56mYYC-YUL C$ 178 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirAir CanadaPorter AirlinesWestJet Search by priceC$ 90 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 150 or lessC$ 180 or less Last minute flights from Calgary to Montreal Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Calgary to Montreal that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directLynx Air 4h 06mYYC-YUL 11/12Mon directLynx Air 4h 45mYUL-YYC C$ 271 Search 3/12Sun directLynx Air 4h 06mYYC-YUL 10/12Sun directLynx Air 4h 45mYUL-YYC C$ 274 Search 2/12Sat multi-stop 20h 04mYYC-YUL 8/12Fri multi-stop 16h 10mYUL-YYC C$ 341 Search 4/12Mon direct 4h 06mYYC-YUL 8/12Fri multi-stop 16h 10mYUL-YYC C$ 345 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 4h 09mYYC-YUL 12/12Tue directWestJet 4h 51mYUL-YYC C$ 543 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 4h 20mYYC-YUL 6/12Wed directAir Canada 4h 58mYUL-YYC C$ 544 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 6h 05mYYC-YUL 6/12Wed directAir Canada 4h 58mYUL-YYC C$ 550 Search 1/12Fri directWestJet 4h 09mYYC-YUL 6/12Wed directWestJet 4h 51mYUL-YYC C$ 572 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopPorter Airlines 7h 51mYYC-YUL 10/12Sun multi-stopPorter Airlines 15h 05mYUL-YYC C$ 808 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 6h 05mYYC-YUL 8/12Fri multi-stopPorter Airlines 14h 55mYUL-YYC C$ 1,003 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirWestJetAir CanadaPorter Airlines Search by priceC$ 270 or lessC$ 350 or lessC$ 540 or lessC$ 570 or lessC$ 1,000 or less Calgary - Montreal Flights Departure: Calgary (YYC)Canada Destination: Montreal (YUL)Canada Return flight deals: Montreal - Calgary Cabin classes: First Class flights to Montreal C$ 2,248 Business Class flights to Montreal C$ 1,417 Prem Econ Class flights to Montreal C$ 121 Economy Class flights to Montreal Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Alberta » Calgary C$ 143Flights from Calgary to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 143Flights to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, Montreal Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Victoria Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to Halifax Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Montreal flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Montreal from Calgary. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Montreal from Calgary. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.