Cheap Flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles from $18 | (LAS - LAX) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAS - LAX Find cheap flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles from $18 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/20. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Los Angeles These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Las Vegas to Los Angeles. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Las Vegas to Los Angeles. How much is the cheapest flight from Las Vegas to Los Angeles?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:40 am - 1:01 pmLAS-LAX 1h 21mnonstop 10:11 pm - 11:29 pmLAX-LAS 1h 18mnonstop $33Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Sat, Jan 27 9:35 am - 10:54 amLAS-LAX 1h 19mnonstop 4:15 pm - 5:29 pmLAX-LAS 1h 14mnonstop $38Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sat, Jan 27 5:00 am - 6:23 amLAS-LAX 1h 23mnonstop 10:40 am - 12:01 pmLAX-LAS 1h 21mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 13 11:30 pm - 12:53 amLAS-LAX 1h 23mnonstop 2:45 pm - 4:00 pmLAX-LAS 1h 15mnonstop $40Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Sun, Jan 14 9:01 pm - 10:28 pmLAS-LAX 1h 27mnonstop 11:36 pm - 1:00 amLAX-LAS 1h 24mnonstop $41Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Fri, Dec 15 9:02 pm - 10:18 pmLAS-LAX 1h 16mnonstop 7:03 pm - 8:17 pmLAX-LAS 1h 14mnonstop $89JetBlue Find Deal Mon, Dec 25 - Wed, Dec 27 6:00 am - 7:18 amLAS-LAX 1h 18mnonstop 6:50 pm - 8:06 pmLAX-LAS 1h 16mnonstop $98Delta Find Deal Wed, Dec 27 - Wed, Dec 27 6:40 am - 12:13 pmLAS-LAX 5h 33m1 stop 3:39 pm - 9:45 pmLAX-LAS 6h 06m1 stop $157American Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Fri, Dec 15 8:49 pm - 12:26 amLAS-LAX 3h 37m1 stop 9:42 am - 10:57 amLAX-LAS 1h 15mnonstop $160American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Dec 22 - Mon, Dec 25 7:00 am - 3:25 pmLAS-LAX 8h 25m2 stops 2:15 pm - 8:04 pmLAX-LAS 5h 49m1 stop $201Alaska Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Wed, Jan 31 Show more results Flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? The average price of all flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Los Angeles on a Wednesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from Las Vegas to Los Angeles. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Monday and avoiding Fridays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles is September, where tickets cost $74 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $97 and $97 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Las Vegas to Los Angeles, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 89 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Spirit Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $18. KAYAK users also found Las Vegas to Los Angeles round-trip flights on Spirit Airlines from $33 and on JetBlue from $89. Which airlines fly most frequently between Las Vegas and Los Angeles? Las Vegas and Los Angeles are connected by different airlines. The airlines that fly that route the most regularly are Southwest (8 flights per day), United Airlines (5 flights per day), and American Airlines (3 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Las Vegas and Los Angeles? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles. There are 8 airlines that fly nonstop from Las Vegas to Los Angeles. They are: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta, JSX, JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $37 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Las Vegas and Los Angeles per day? Each day, there are between 19 and 35 nonstop flights that take off from Las Vegas and land in Los Angeles, with an average flight time of 1h 17m. The most common departure time is 4:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 182 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Las Vegas and Los Angeles? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Las Vegas to Los Angeles take? A direct flight to Los Angeles will take on average 1h 16m to travel the 236 miles flying distance from Las Vegas. What’s the earliest departure time from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Las Vegas at 5:00 am and will be landing in Los Angeles at 6:23 am. What’s the latest departure time from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Las Vegas to Los Angeles jets off at 10:35 pm and lands at 11:45 pm. Good to know Low season January High season March Cheapest flight $18 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 1% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 2% lower on average. Flight from Las Vegas to Los Angeles When to book flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Las Vegas to Los Angeles based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles How can travelers get to the Disneyland Resort from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)? Passengers who’ve just landed at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) from LAS and want to connect to the Disney Resort will have numerous options to choose from. The distance between the two points is about 33.9 miles, and the best way to get there is via a Metro Express Line 460 bus, which takes around 2h to cover the distance. Are there car rentals from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to downtown Los Angeles? Several car rental agencies run their desks at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), particularly in parking lot C. A free shuttle will ferry you from the terminal to the car rental garages. Also, you can contact your agency via free telephone in the terminal. Are there any services for passengers with limited mobility at the Los Angeles airports upon their arrival? LAX features ground transportation companies like RTD Access-a-Ride and Mobility Plus, which pick up travelers from the curbside on Level 5 of the Jeppesen Terminal. Moreover, dedicated airline staff guide travelers at the check-in points through the exit. It might be best if you contacted your airline in advance to fully take advantage of these services. Are there lounges at LAX? Multiple airlines operate several lounges at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), including Star Alliance Lounge, Qantas International First-Class Lounge, and United Club Lounge. Passengers flying with the respective airline enjoy priority clearance as part of their fast lane program. Also, anyone can access the lounges at a reduced cost. What is there to do in McCarran International Airport? If you enjoy history, walk through the Howard W. Cannon Aviation Museum that is located in Terminal 1 of McCarran International Airport and features a variety of exhibits related to the region’s aviation history. For travelers that are interested in gambling, take advantage of the many slot machines that are located between the departure gates. Where can I smoke at McCarran International Airport? If you would like to smoke in McCarran International Airport, go to a gaming lounge, Barney's Lounge, or the Bud Track Lounge. Once you have left the airport you can also smoke just outside of each baggage claim, unless there is an official airport sign stating that is prohibited in that area. Can I use public transportation to travel from Los Angeles International Airport to the city center? To use public transportation to head to your final destination, take the LAX FlyAway bus that has a stop outside of each Arrivals terminal at Los Angeles International Airport. Tickets start at $8, and this bus will take you to locations such as Union Station, Santa Monica, Hollywood, and Van Nuys. Which hotels offer a free shuttle service to Los Angeles International Airport? The closest hotel to Los Angeles International Airport is the Hyatt Regency, which is a casual option that offers a complimentary shuttle between the two locations. For a budget-friendly choice, book a room at the Travelodge Hotel at LAX, which also has a free shuttle and is a 10m drive from the Manhattan Beach Pier. Do I need a passport to fly between Las Vegas and Los Angeles? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Las Vegas to Los Angeles. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? JetBlue, Air Canada, American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Las Vegas to Los Angeles flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? The Airbus A321neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Las Vegas to Los Angeles flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? oneworld, Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Las Vegas and Los Angeles, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? There are nonstop flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $104 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $94 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Los Angeles from Las Vegas is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Los Angeles with an airline and back to Las Vegas with another airline. Booking your flights between Las Vegas and LAX can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Los Angeles from Las Vegas up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAS to Los Angeles Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $48 or less one-way and $90 or less round-trip. Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS) features elevators to aid travelers in wheelchairs, especially senior citizens and persons with mobility limitations. Still, there are dedicated airline staff to offer assistance at the baggage claim area through to the exit. Consider making prior arrangements with your carrier, at least 72h before your flight. Suppose you want to drop off your car before your voyage from LAS to Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). In that case, you can easily park at the designated car parking facilities at McCarran International Airport. You can locate the short-term parking just outside Terminal 1 garage on Level 2M. Those departing via Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS) with their little ones will be glad to learn that the establishment offers three pods at the disposal of lactating and nursing mothers. To pump and breastfeed in privacy, locate these facilities neat the children’s play area in D Concourse. In case you’re looking to recharge your wallet before taking off from Las Vegas to Los Angeles, you’ll get ATMs at various locations, including gates A, B, C, D and E. If you’re using Terminal 1, you can find them at the public shopping. If you’re returning your car at the car rental center, more ATM booths are at this place. Travelers with scheduled early departures should consider spending a night in one of the hotels adjacent to LAS. Typically, these facilities provide complimentary shuttles to and from the airport, ensuring that you’re at the terminal just in time for your flight. Marriott Vacation Club Grand Chateau is such a hotel. When booking flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles, there are many companies to can choose from. While Alaska and Spirit Airlines are good choices for anyone traveling on a budget, United is known for offering seats with additional legroom for a small extra fee. If you want to fit in a workout before flying, consider paying a visit to the ZEROlevel Fitness gym that is located in Terminal 1 of McCarran International Airport (LAS). Equipped with cardio machines, weights, a sauna, and showers, this gym is a convenient way to get active and burn some calories before being cooped up in a plane. Hungry while waiting to board your flight from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? Fortunately, McCarran International Airport has many dining options. The Layover Bar is a casual restaurant that is located in Terminal 1 and serves burgers and appetizers, while Ciao Gourmet Market can be found in Terminal 3 and sells to-go items. For travelers who are members of the military, stop by the Bob Hope USO center in Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). In addition to providing luggage storage and a nap room, this lounge has a snackbar, family zone, and several televisions. If you are traveling to Los Angeles for work, consider getting your shoes shined at Marvin’s Shoe Shine in Los Angeles International Airport. You can find locations in Terminals 1, 4, and 7, and prices vary depending on what type of shoes you would like the employees to work on. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Los Angeles? Find which airlines fly direct from Harry Reid Intl to Los Angeles, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +37 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +38 more 36 37 Tuesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Wednesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +39 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +40 more 38 39 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Friday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +38 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +39 more 37 38 Saturday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +37 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +38 more 36 37 Sunday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +38 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +39 more 37 38 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Los Angeles to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +35 more ANA, Aeromexico, +36 more 34 35 Tuesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +32 more ANA, Aeromexico, +33 more 31 32 Wednesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +38 more ANA, Aeromexico, +39 more 37 38 Thursday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +33 more ANA, Aeromexico, +34 more 32 33 Friday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +38 more ANA, Aeromexico, +39 more 37 38 Saturday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +35 more ANA, Aeromexico, +36 more 34 35 Sunday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +37 more ANA, Aeromexico, +38 more 36 37 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Las Vegas to Los Angeles See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Las Vegas to Los Angeles. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Las Vegas to Los Angeles? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29967 reviews 85boarding 78entertainment 79food 85overall 82comfort 88crew Airline reviews Cons: "I had 15 hour transit and they didn’t provide any hotel not even a food coupon."Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "I had 15 hour transit and they didn’t provide any hotel not even a food coupon." Cons: "XXI Century, California, variety of drinks on board: water or orange juice. Are you for real??!" Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger." Cons: "Great flight and their service was great. Looking forward to my next flight with them." Pros: "Not much to like about this entirely unexceptional airline." Cons: "Everything costs money - food, entertainment, luggage - and far too much at that, which is unacceptable for such a long flight." Pros: "I slept the whole way, so wouldn't know other than that they didn't bug me" Cons: "First time on Alaska in 30 years, still impressed. The seat had plenty of leg room which is rare on other airlines." Cons: "My flight was cancelled and instead of getting a cancellation notice, I received a “your flight has been updated” email which indicated that my flight was changed from Wednesday to Friday. Unacceptable!!!" Pros: "Crew was good" Cons: "Again, board plane back to front after boarding special needs passenger and your priority passengers. Why have us climb over everyone when we have to get to the back. Also verify size of 2 carry ons. This is what is a hassle." Pros: "Alaska Airlines cancel my booking twice without my authorization and refused to correct and reinstate the booking. I spent hours with their customer service people going around in circles." Cons: "Better reservation process." Pros: "I dont like there service." Cons: "Alaska airlines did not provide assistance and I requested to assist to re check in my baggage. I did not receive any assistance to the airlines staff. This is horrible service and not happy to the alaska airlines." Pros: "Sat exit row, mega leg room!" Cons: "Flight delayed due to another flight mechanical problem. 4 hour delay" Pros: "Boarding was done efficiently." Cons: "The crew barely spoke, wasn’t particularly friendly, didn’t make many announcements even while we circled JFK for 25+ mins waiting to land. Attendants didn’t come around much at all. Spent the whole flight with the guy next to me’s arm way past the armrest, pinned to the window; very uncomfortable." Cons: "More complimentary food options given it’s a 6 and a half hour flight." Pros: "Very smooth flight, free WiFi nice staff" Cons: "Who put the controls for the screen on the armrest? Who’s idea was it? You turn a movie on and your elbow turns it off, I mean this should’ve been obvious.... never the less JetBlue is an amazing airline, free WiFi smooth flight." Pros: "flight was in 1 hour early!!! not over crowded.. flight crew was nice" Cons: "baggage fees are ridiculous. tvs are old and hardly work." Pros: "The colors" Cons: "THERE ARE ONLY 1-2 STAFF MEMEBRS AT TERMINAL 5 JFK (busiest ailier in the world) for 309+ passengers an hour that’s not enough. I booked with you guys and paid extra money for worthless travels, but no. Never again with JetBlue" Pros: "Fast boarding, good wifi, awesome to have electrical outlets that actually worked, good entertainment, flight attendant very nice." Cons: "They did not let me select my own seat. They stuck me in an aisle, which I can't stand. I only flfy JetBlue and only get window seats. Always. They told me there were NO window seats left except $95 extra room. They said I would go through Security priority. That was not true--you ended up in exactly the same giant line as everyone else. AND after shelling $95: (1) there WERE window seats available--so JetBlue basically lied and stole from me (at Christmas time! $95 fewer gifts I could buy) and (2) the seat was attached by Velcro to the seat back and kept coming slightly separated which caused me to end up with a pinched lower back nerve." Cons: "My main comment is that the wi-fi didn't work for all passengers. One of the reasons I flew this airline was because they promise reliable wi-fi on the flight and despite multiple attempts to troubleshoot, it never worked." Pros: "Studios were nice." Cons: "Was expecting to buy a meal and only could purchase the snacks. Movie screen is very out dated." Pros: "I’m not sure if I was just lucky or if it was the time of day, but I got to the Las Vegas airport I was at my gate in a matter of minutes, I’ll give credit to the staff for keeping the flow moving. The plane had lots of space I wasn’t cramped and the stewardess was friendly and polite and seemed genuine. Next thing you know in walking out of the plane, out of Long Beach airport. Feels like I waited longer for my ride to pick me up." Cons: "I wish that the airline had a power outlet so I could of charged my phone during flight." Pros: "Delta is doing such a good job keeping people spread out, keeping masks on, and giving wipes and hand sanitizer out. They gave snacks in individual baggies with hand sanitizer. I felt so much safer than I did on a similar flight operated by American Airlines where essentially no precautions were taken." Cons: "Delaying a flight by 2 hours for crew issues is ridiculous and even more do not alerting me to the change before I was at the airport. Terrible" Pros: "The crew and comfort was ok" Cons: "The snack options coming from us to aus were only packets of crisps/chips and apples and cranberry juice." Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "Informative communications during delay" Cons: "Rushing to board resulting in bad customer service during boarding" Pros: "Staff is friendly." Cons: "My wife's pre-check was not added to her ticket. Plane was extremely late taking off. No entertainment on the flight." Pros: "Delta is professional and safe. The best fares ever." Cons: "Lack of food/snack choices. Seem like a shortage on ice." Pros: "I, as a tall man, was allowed to move into an exit row with no additional charge. The flights were not full." Pros: "Delta personel were wonderful and helpful both flights" Cons: "Flights were continually changed both on route to Cancun and on the way back" Pros: "I loved that I was able to get home! The crew was nice." Cons: "It was very very warm in the plane. The entertainment unit was lacking." Pros: "Quick smooth flight. We even landed early. No delays no problems. I even had seated in an empty row" Pros: "Flight was late, crew didn't do anything to expedite boarding and it took the longest I have ever seen to board a plane." Cons: "Boarding process was slow and chaotic" Pros: "The check-in process was very easy and friendly. The flight attendants seemed nicer than other airlines." Cons: "From Vancouver to Los Angeles no screen seats no Entertainment" Cons: "We lost an entire day of our vacation to managing flight changes that were poorly communicated to us. We received a number of mixed messages and our entire group spent hours on hold, on the phone, in line for literally hours at check in, and several mistakes were made with our party’s information." Cons: "Crew was awful. Do not fly westjet leaving Las Vegas." Pros: "I liked the complementary beverages and snacks." Cons: "It would have been nice to be able to access entertainment withou t having to download an app and having a cell phone." Pros: "Boarding smooth and quick, up up and away, watched TV for the whole trip, smooth landing and 15 minutes ahead of the time." Pros: "Smooth flight, staff are all friendly! Overall a great trip!" Cons: "Food and entertainment require extra charge, although I understand that it is standard for short trips and smaller planes." Pros: "Crew did a good job, even with the long delays." Cons: "Plane was almost 2 hours late getting to LA. Started with the crew needing to clear customs in Vancouver. Delayed by 30 minutes....then the crew preboarded a sick lady and her travel companion. At some point crew decided she should not fly to LA, but the ladies wouldn’t get off plane! 45 minutes later and 4 RCMP show up to escort them off plane. Then we didn’t have any ground crew to get us off loading ramp. Finally got away 90 minutes or more after scheduled departure. Circled LA a few times before getting to land.... long flight with long delays!" Cons: "Maintenance issues which led to a flight delay- understandable But we have been on the plane waiting to taxi. The person talking said it will take “3-4 minutes” to deplane...it’s taken about 45 min... Don’t overpromise and under deliver" Pros: "I like the Airbus models. They offer a bit more overhead storage & the cabin seems a bit bigger." Cons: "Better snack offerings, however I realize it’s a red-eye flight." Pros: "My seat location and comfort was good" Cons: "The flight attendant preformed her duties as if it was a chore and she was too good for this job or she has been doing it so long that she dislikes providing service." Pros: "Boarding was very quick and easy. There was plenty of room for everyone's cary on luggage. The movie selection was vast and encompassing." Cons: "The seat was really uncomfortable even if reclined all the way. If the person in front of you is reclined, then you basically have to recline yourself to see the screen. Very little leg room." Cons: "Smelling booze on obviously wasted passenger who invaded my personal space multiple times." Pros: "flight on time" Cons: "not enough room for carry on luggages to think we had small carry on luggages; very bad experience had to open our carry on because we had valuables and was placed in plastic bags coz our carry ons were checked in all the way to Sydney...very very bad american airlines!!!" Cons: "Filght was delayed by two hour with multiple repairs necessary including a few after we had already boarded. We sat on the tarmac for 1.5 hours." Pros: "Not much" Cons: "Passengers bringing hot food on plane. KFC and McDonalds odours major in first 30 minutes" Pros: "We arrived safely The seats were comfortable We were on time" Cons: "1) American's boarding process seems to be driven by ticket price and nothing else. Every other airline I've been with boards families with small children first. It lets those families and get on board and get setup so that they don't block aisle access for everyone else. American seems to board based on how expensive your ticket was. So, the aisles get blocked and boarding takes forever. 2) The cabin crew gave pretty apathetic service. When our baby threw up on us, they just told us to go clean ourselves up in the bathrooms. They gave us a can of soda water to help clean up, but that was about it. 3) When my wife asked if the bread was dairy free (for our baby with a dairy allergy), the staff's response was to turn to another staff member and ask them, "Do you want to go back and research that?" In the end they just told us they didn't have time to look it up." Cons: "4 hour delay got rebooked. Lost my first class seat to Chicago. Not happy" Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Las Vegas to Los Angeles found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/20Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 27mLAS-LAX $18 Search 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 27mLAS-LAX $19 Search 12/27Wed nonstopJetBlue 1h 16mLAS-LAX $44 Search 12/29Fri nonstopJetBlue 1h 16mLAS-LAX $45 Search 12/7Thu nonstopDelta 1h 15mLAS-LAX $49 Search 12/8Fri nonstopDelta 1h 22mLAS-LAX $50 Search 12/30Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 14mLAS-LAX $55 Search 3/30Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 16mLAS-LAX $75 Search 12/25Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 13mLAS-LAX $79 Search 12/23Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 24mLAS-LAX $85 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueDeltaUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$20 or less$50 or less$50 or less$80 or less$90 or less Last minute flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 25mLAS-LAX 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 23mLAX-LAS $51 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 27mLAS-LAX 12/8Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 20mLAX-LAS $52 Search 12/3Sun nonstopJetBlue 1h 22mLAS-LAX 12/8Fri nonstopJetBlue 1h 15mLAX-LAS $409 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 1h 22mLAS-LAX 12/8Fri multi-stopJetBlue 12h 53mLAX-LAS $416 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 16mLAS-LAX 12/7Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 20h 52mLAX-LAS $487 Search 12/2Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 13mLAS-LAX 12/3Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 16mLAX-LAS $558 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 02mLAS-LAX 12/3Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 19mLAX-LAS $688 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 02mLAS-LAX 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 28mLAX-LAS $697 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 8h 22mLAS-LAX 12/4Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 16h 27mLAX-LAS $705 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 12h 13mLAS-LAX 12/3Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 6h 22mLAX-LAS $716 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$50 or less$420 or less$560 or less$700 or less$720 or less Las Vegas - Los Angeles Flights Departure: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Destination: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Los Angeles - Las Vegas Cabin classes: $276 First Class flights to Los Angeles $522 Business Class flights to Los Angeles $242 Prem Econ Class flights to Los Angeles $39 Economy Class flights to Los Angeles Browse origins: Flights » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $33Flights from Las Vegas to Los Angeles Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » Los Angeles $33Flights to Los Angeles, Los Angeles Compare transportation modes for Las Vegas to Los Angeles Average price Average duration Flights $771 1h 16m Buses $98 3h 43m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Burbank Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Los Angeles flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Los Angeles from Las Vegas. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Los Angeles from Las Vegas. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.