Cheap Flights to Orlando from $22 in 2023/24 - KAYAK Find flights Deals When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights to Orlando from $22 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results for flights to Orlando ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results for flights to Orlando How much is the cheapest flight to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:16 pm - 7:07 pmPHL-MCO 2h 51mnonstop 10:28 pm - 12:59 amMCO-PHL 2h 31mnonstop $33Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 13 8:29 pm - 11:22 pmPHL-MCO 2h 53mnonstop 2:01 pm - 4:33 pmMCO-PHL 2h 32mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Fri, Feb 2 2:11 pm - 5:03 pmPHL-MCO 2h 52mnonstop 9:03 pm - 11:46 pmMCO-PHL 2h 43mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Mon, Dec 18 7:59 pm - 10:39 pmBWI-MCO 2h 40mnonstop 5:56 am - 8:18 amMCO-BWI 2h 22mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Wed, Dec 20 2:57 pm - 6:00 pmJFK-MCO 3h 03mnonstop 8:55 pm - 11:42 pmMCO-JFK 2h 47mnonstop $133JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Tue, Jan 23 8:59 pm - 11:56 pmLGA-MCO 2h 57mnonstop 7:45 am - 10:27 amMCO-LGA 2h 42mnonstop $138JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 9:00 am - 3:15 pmBOS-MCO 6h 15m1 stop 6:13 am - 11:15 amMCO-BOS 5h 02m1 stop $154American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Feb 10 - Sat, Feb 17 6:59 am - 11:59 amJFK-MCO 5h 00m1 stop 4:05 pm - 10:29 pmMCO-JFK 6h 24m1 stop $154American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 9 10:45 pm - 6:29 amLAX-MCO 4h 44mnonstop 6:26 pm - 12:38 amMCO-LAX 9h 12m1 stop $219United Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 9 - Mon, Feb 12 7:45 pm - 12:29 amEWR-MCO 4h 44m1 stop 9:05 pm - 11:51 pmMCO-EWR 2h 46mnonstop $237United Airlines Find Deal Sat, Feb 17 - Wed, Feb 21 Show more results Good to know Low season September High season April Cheapest flight $22 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 25% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 12% increase in price. Flight from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport When to book flights to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. The information is for flights to Orlando based on your location. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. Average price per month To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each departure date. Flight prices as travel date approaches To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. FAQs - booking Orlando flights Does Orlando International Airport offer accessible services? MCO is a fully accessible airport. The airport has provided elevators, ramps, and moving walkways for passengers with reduced mobility. There are minimal changes between floors, and even the inter-terminal transport is wheelchair accessible. Passengers also get reserved parking spots, accessible washrooms, fast lanes, and dedicated seating in the waiting areas. MCO has tactile guide paths, braille-coded elevator buttons, and Aira services for low-vision passengers. The hard of hearing get visual paging services and have courtesy phones around the terminal to request assistance. Which airlines have lounges at Orlando International Airport? American Airlines, United Airlines, and Delta each have lounges at MCO. Delta operates a members-only lounge, and Elite status passengers can find this lounge in Terminal B airside near Gate 71. United Airlines and American airlines have lounges you can access by paying at the door and showing your flight ticket. United Club is in Terminal B near gate 43, while the AA lounge is also located airside in Terminal B. Where can I sleep at Orlando International Airport? Book your stay at the Hyatt Regency Orlando International Airport if you’re looking to catch some sleep at the airport. The hotel is in the main terminal on level 4, just above the security entrance and Gates 60-129. The establishment offers both day rooms and overnight stays and has an onsite restaurant and conference center. Day rooms are available between 10 am and 6 pm. Are pets allowed to travel through Orlando International Airport? Yes. Pets can travel through MCO hassle-free. However, TSA requires pets to remain within their carriers while at the airport. Pets can only leave their carriers as they walk through security or use pet relief areas. MCO has provided two outdoor pet relief areas, one in Terminal A and the other in B. The relief areas are landside on level 2, East Side for Terminal A, and West Side for Terminal B. Exit the building and walk to the right. How to get from Orlando International Airport to the city center? There are many options available to you to get into the city center after your flight to Orlando: the airport features taxi ranks on both Side A and Side B of the Arrivals terminal, and there are many ride-sharing services such as Uber, Lyft, and Wingz available. As for public transport, you can reach Downtown Orlando by Lynx bus (lines 11 and 51; approximately 40 min.) or by SunRail as the station is now easy to reach from the airport (via Lynx bus). What tourist attractions are near the Orlando Sanford International Airport? Flights to Orlando can also land at the city’s secondary airport, which is close to other interesting attractions: the Seminole State Forest is located 31.6 miles to the northwest while Lake Monroe and the Central Florida Zoo & Botanical Gardens are located approximately 8 miles to the north. What kind of services does Orlando International Airport offer? Whether your stay in Orlando Airport is a layover or a starting point to your trip, amenities and services are important. Orlando International Airport offers over 100 shops including brands like Guess, Disney, and Desigual for your last-minute shopping. Eating at Orlando Airport is also not a problem thanks to the dozen of kiosks and fast food joints available. Does Orlando International Airport have play areas for children? No, it does not. However, the airport offers family-care restaurants at each gate area and at levels 1 and 3, perfect for new moms and infants. Moreover, to entertain the whole family, the airport boasts two Kennedy Space Center stores (Terminals B and G), where you can touch an asteroid from Mars, and a 3,000-gallon aquarium (Main Terminal) containing over 100 sea creatures. How long is the flight to Orlando? Flights from Philadelphia 2h 41m Flights from Newark 2h 54m Flights from Boston 3h 19m Flights from Chicago 3h 07m Flights from Baltimore 2h 29m What is the cheapest flight to Orlando? The flight route Newark to Orlando was the most popular route on KAYAK over the last 3 days. A return flight could be found for $83. Also in the last 3 days, Philadelphia was the most budget-friendly place to find a flight to Orlando with one-way tickets at $22 and $33 round-trip. Which airlines fly to Orlando? Air Canada, Azul, and JetBlue are commonly used to fly to Orlando from United States. Which Orlando airport is closest to central Orlando? There are 2 airports in Orlando. The closest airport to Orlando’s city center is Orlando Airport (9 miles). Orlando Sanford Intl is 18 miles from the center. Which is the cheapest airport to fly into in Orlando? Prices will differ depending on the departure airport, but generally, the cheapest airport to fly to in Orlando is Orlando Sanford Intl Airport, with an average flight price of $118. How much is a flight to Orlando? On average, a flight to Orlando costs $164. The cheapest price found on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks cost $17 and departed from Islip Long Island Airport. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights to Orlando? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights to Orlando. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket to Orlando? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights to Orlando? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando with an airline and back with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight to Orlando? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $100 or less one-way and $167 or less round-trip. Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be March, April and May. The cheapest month to fly from the United States is September. Enter your preferred departure airport and travel dates into the search form above to unlock the latest Orlando flight deals. Orlando International Airport (MCO) has a hub and spoke layout, with the main terminal building split into A and B sides and four concourses. MCO has a people mover for easy movement around the airport, shuttling passengers around Concourses 1 to 4. Whisper a prayer or attend mass at the catholic chapel at MCO. The chapel is in the lobby of the Hyatt MCO hotel, and the airport also has an interfaith chapel located airside near Gates 1-59. Orlando Sanford Airport (SFB) is about 12 miles further from downtown Orlando than MCO, but it is a great alternative to MCO. First, it’s smaller, meaning shorter lines and quicker clearing processes. It is also cheaper since low-budget airlines like Allegiant Air fly from SFB. Watch planes take off and land from the Observation Deck at MCO. You can also get a spectacular panoramic view of the airport complex from this location. The observation deck is on level 9 of the Terminal top Parking Garage. Unwind with express spa services at MCO from Terminal Getaway Spa and XpresSpa. These establishments offer 30min facials, manicures, pedicures, and massages. You’ll find XpresSpa airside around Gates 1-29, 30-59, and 70-99. Terminal Getaway Spa is also airside around gates 100-129. If you are flying to Orlando either for business or for pleasure, the closest airport is Orlando International Airport, located 7 miles from Downtown Orlando. This is the busiest airport in Florida, used by millions of passengers every year. Landing at Orlando International Airport also ensures easier access to the area’s natural attractions like the Hal Scott Regional Preserve and Park (16.7 miles), Lakes Hart and Mary Jane (10.4 and 16.7 miles respectively), and the Split Oak Forest Mitigation Park (13.6 miles), and theme parks like Walt Disney World and SeaWorld (16.4 and 13.3 miles respectively). For holiday goers that want to enjoy a family trip to Walt Disney World, Orlando International Airport is a great option, because of the ease in reaching any one of the twenty-four Walt Disney World resort hotels. Indeed, hotel and resort guests that land at MCO can enjoy the comfort of the “Disney’s Magical Express”, a motor coach service that leaves from the airport and chauffeurs them to their destination. Thanks to its natural beauty and world-class theme parks, Orlando attracts an average of 50 million passengers a year, which means that Orlando International Airport strives to be as welcoming and entertaining an environment as possible. In order to do so, the airport provides passengers with a great number of amenities such as airport lounges, family-friendly waiting areas, over 100 shops and restaurants, and beautiful relaxation areas with natural lighting, water fountains, and greenery where passengers can unwind between flights. In addition to Orlando International Airport there is Orlando Sanford International Airport, which is used mainly for domestic flights. However, it is located further away from Downtown Orlando (19 miles) as well as from major theme parks like SeaWorld and Walt Disney World (42.6 and 43.2 miles respectively). See more tips Top 5 airlines flying to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline from the United States to Orlando. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 84comfort 90crew 87boarding 86overall 80entertainment 78food Airline reviews Pros: "I liked getting off the plane" Cons: "A flight attendant was rude to me twice for no reason. It’s the first time this has ever happened wit SW" Pros: "I liked getting off the plane" Cons: "A flight attendant was rude to me twice for no reason. It’s the first time this has ever happened wit SW" Pros: "The crew was great." Cons: "More leg room (I’m 6’4”). Larger portion of snacks. Coffee tastes bad, so I ordered hot chocolate, it was okay." Cons: "The screeching noice from the broken speaker could have been fixed" Pros: "Crew was pleasant and helpful." Cons: "The delay for this flight was very poor, both before and after boarding." Pros: "On time, effeciently boarded, clean" Cons: "Serve drinks a little sooner in flight. Descent started right after serve" Pros: "crew was great. flight was smooth and uneventful." Cons: "Seat was small for me. I'm an average build 50 year old and the seat was not comfortable. People beside me said same thing." Pros: "SW always does a great job working to get you to your destination on time." Cons: "The “close the doors 10 minutes before takeoff” policy seems like it needs to be updated." Pros: "The flight was quickly done with very direct routing once we were airborne." Cons: "Our late-night summer flight out of Baltimore was delayed by lightning, which delayed baggage loading until the storm passed. Crew announcements were OK. The flight was without food due to minor turbulence and short length of flight." Pros: "Great service and crew" Cons: "WiFi was down which made the long flight painful with kids." Pros: "The crew had a very good since of humor. making the delay a piece of cake. Great crew!" Cons: "I think a announcement needs to be had several times while you are boarding the plane. There was a few folks trying to save seats." Pros: "The seat was nice." Cons: "Offered water or Orange juice in a can due to a short flight. I may recommend no canned orange juice, due to the quality ingredients and something more freshly squeezed for health benefits. And offers coffee or tea." Pros: "Good crew, did a good job making us feel good for a delayed late night flight." Cons: "For some reason air was never turned on. Air only seemed to flow once we were moving but sitting at the gate and once back on the ground taxing it got very hot again." Cons: "No seat-back entertainment on a long flight is not ok. If there was warning about that during the booking process, it was too subtle and I missed it. It was an unpleasant surprise. Also, the seats are just so stiff and uncomfortable. If this was a 3-hour flight, fine. But nearly 6 hours, no." Pros: "Comfortable seats and smooth red-eye transcontinental flight." Cons: "If there weren't a 15-minute delay due to maintenance." Pros: "Polite and professional crew; great selection of entertainment, power outlets at each seat—favorite airline by far" Pros: "cleaner plane would be nicer. quieter plane would be nicer. Seating for premium class could be COMFORTABLE." Cons: "cleaner plane would be nicer. quieter plane would be nicer. Seating for premium class could be COMFORTABLE." Pros: "Even though I was in Group C, I was one of the first to board (Groups A, B, and C were called to board all at once). Since the gate agent said the flight was full and there would be limited space for carry-on bags, being one of the first on the plane was nice. The leg room (I'm 6'2") was good." Cons: "The crew only did one pass through the cabin with soft drinks. Perhaps because it was a red-eye? Anyway, on a nearly 5 hour flight, I would have liked more than one small cup of refreshment." Pros: "The two member of the crew were very welcoming and kept a very good sense of professionalism along with adjustments to every passenger. I can consider myself a frequent flyer and it’s relieving to have a crew like that." Cons: "I would appreciate a quicker and just a little bit more organized check in and maybe some different snacks that will make an airline stand out." Pros: "Crew was amazing." Cons: "Seats are probably the most uncomfortable I’ve ever sat on." Cons: "Delay on takeoff and a delay on arrival. Flight Attendants never offered headphones for purchase to watch in filght movie/TV." ticketing issues caused many customers to have to go back to check in after waiting in security, then go through security line again. Pros: "Did not like the flight at all. The crew on the ticketing desk was really helpful and nice" Cons: "Everything, they screwed up ticket. I had to take a later flight. I felt like a sardine. Will not travel with jet blue in the future." Pros: "The seats were comfortable and we were properly social distanced from each other." Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Generous portion of free snacks. Coffee, while not great, was good." Cons: "The entertainment display in my seat did not work." Pros: "Crew was nice. Seats very uncomfortable. Seems like they get smaller and smaller each time." Cons: "It was a 3+ hour flight. They should've given us something more than chips or cookies" Cons: "Two hours and a half late and no updates whatsoever" Pros: "Minor delay, and got in eventually. Friendly flight crew ready and able to help when asked. Willing to recycle trash and cans" Cons: "Boarding and disembarking took a long time and we spent an extra 20 min before we could push back from the gate in addition to the weather delay." Pros: "Snacks and new interior on A320" Cons: "Almost 4 hour delay and no Wi-Fi. When I complained to JetBlue I received a pathetic $15 credit." Pros: "Crew was amazing flight was fast and seats are comfy" Cons: "It was cold in the flight and Tvs didn’t work due to satellite coverage" Pricing of seats is difficult - price transparency has disappeared. First class, business class. Comfort plus, economy, basic…. Especially the pricing of seat reservation. Used to be but early get a better price; now it seems prices are falling as we get closer to departure. Miles ticket value has gone away. Give me a break. Everybody is playing the game of upselling and delivering lower service. When demand drops, so will the game of price gouging, but we’ll see. Pros: "The crew." Cons: "Nothing was mediocre about the crew or delta. The other passengers around us made a 4 1/2 hour flight feel like 8 hours of hell." Pros: "The space between passangers and the steps the crew took to ensure our safety." Cons: "Nothing it was a perfect flight." Cons: "Seats were a little dirty especially for the COVID-19 going around." Pros: "The crew was great. The pilots too." Cons: "The audio and video at my seat did not work correctly." Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Pros: "Crew was helpful, friendly and offered great service." Cons: "I felt everything was pretty much fine. I thought that some of the Captain's announcements were hard to hear, but it's just a minor issue." Cons: "Tightly packed seats made for discomfort. My knees were touching the seat in front of me." Pros: "Horrible delay with unruly customers on the plane. But the flight attendants did great handling them" Cons: "Delay on flight and providing beverages while waiting for 6 hours" Pros: "Absolutely nothing" Cons: "Even though there were flight/seats available, Avianca did not make them availability to flight changes and only for new reservations. Extremely disappointed at you fraudulent business practices." Pros: "The crew was very nice, the food was good and the entertainment too." Cons: "The seats were very uncomfortable, not enough crushing and the neck rest was uncomfortable too." Pros: "The attention of the staff and punctuality at the departures" Cons: "The food" Cons: "I can’t tell nothing more about, cause everything was really excellent" Pros: "Absolutely nothing" Cons: "Everything first every single flight taken was delayed by at least 30 mins and not on time, then they played last minute rescheduleds in which they over booked by like twice the amount of people on flight and offer a mediocre 100 dollar travel voucher to make up for it to get on the next flight that’s 4 hours later. Since no one took that offer they ended up rescheduling it and stopping in other places to ale up for the lack of space, what was suppose to be a 6 hour flight turn in a 12 hour flight." Pros: "Crew service" Cons: "had to wait 1 hour for my baggage at Orlando airport. No choice in food" Cons: "Not enough space between the seats in front of me" Pros: "Plane ride was smooth and on time. Entertainment was good. Lot of choices. Breakfast was just OK" Cons: "No complaints" Cons: "I was told hours before my flight that my flight was delayed due to weather in the NYC area and that the new flight time was two hours later. There were no weather issues at this time. This delay made me miss my connection and the only option was for me to have a 24 hour layover in Bogota, Colombia. As a woman traveling alone this was not acceptable to me but I had no other choice. I got a hotel room for the evening and tried to make the best of it. I was not offered any compensation for this inconvenience, nothing, not even an offer to pay for my hotel room. Similar things happened to three other people in my group that I was meeting in Peru all traveling from different locations. I lost an entire day in Peru because of this. On my return flight Avianca changed the times as well and I was forced to take an earlier fight home the day before I was scheduled to leave. I therefore lost a total of two days of my vacation because of Avianca and they did NOTHING to compensate me for it. STAY AWAY FROM THIS AIRLINE!!!" Pros: "The food was mediocre." Cons: "The customer service was terrible. Our connecting plane had not left yet and they did not let us on. They proceeded to tell us that our only option was to stay the night and take another flight the next day. Us and 10 other people had to get into an argument with the staff in order for something to be done. After begging, they finally said they would put us on an earlier flight the following morning and they put us in a hotel. The staff did not care about us or our missed flight/wasted money that we paid for the hotel at our destination that night. It took 30 minutes for a manager to give us the time of day. Horrible experience. It's really shocking that this is how the company treats its customers." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Book Cheap Orlando Plane Tickets Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best deals for one-way flights to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mPHL-MCO $22 Search 1/10Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 55mPHL-MCO $24 Search 1/23Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 44mBWI-MCO $24 Search 12/31Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mPHL-MCO $25 Search 2/13Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 45mJFK-MCO $77 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 45mJFK-MCO $78 Search 2/28Wed nonstopJetBlue 4h 41mLAX-MCO $94 Search 1/1Mon nonstopJetBlue 3h 02mEWR-MCO $94 Search 2/19Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 7h 00mLGA-MCO $115 Search 1/27Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 45mLAX-MCO $115 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesJetBlueUnited Airlines Search by price$20 or less$30 or less$80 or less$90 or less$120 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 51mPHL-MCO 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 31mMCO-PHL $33 Search 1/27Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 53mPHL-MCO 2/2Fri nonstopFrontier 2h 32mMCO-PHL $38 Search 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mPHL-MCO 12/18Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 43mMCO-PHL $39 Search 12/16Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 40mBWI-MCO 12/20Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 22mMCO-BWI $39 Search 1/23Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 03mJFK-MCO 1/23Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 47mMCO-JFK $133 Search 1/9Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 57mLGA-MCO 1/16Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 42mMCO-LGA $138 Search 2/10Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 15mBOS-MCO 2/17Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 02mMCO-BOS $154 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 00mJFK-MCO 1/9Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 24mMCO-JFK $154 Search 2/9Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 4h 44mLAX-MCO 2/12Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 9h 12mMCO-LAX $219 Search 2/17Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 4h 44mEWR-MCO 2/21Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 46mMCO-EWR $237 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$40 or less$140 or less$150 or less$240 or less Last minute flights to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 49mPHL-MCO 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 33mMCO-PHL $45 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 04mORD-MCO 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 12mMCO-ORD $52 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 9h 20mPHL-MCO 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 28mMCO-PHL $53 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 21mPHL-MCO 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 59mMCO-PHL $66 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 13mJFK-MCO 12/13Wed nonstopJetBlue 2h 40mMCO-JFK $166 Search 12/4Mon nonstopJetBlue 3h 05mLGA-MCO 12/8Fri nonstopJetBlue 2h 50mMCO-LGA $208 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 37mJFK-MCO 12/13Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 19mMCO-JFK $229 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 41mLAX-MCO 12/13Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 32mMCO-LAX $250 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 58mEWR-MCO 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 44mMCO-EWR $328 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 50mMSP-MCO 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 53mMCO-MSP $502 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$50 or less$70 or less$210 or less$250 or less$500 or less Flights to Orlando Return flight deals: Orlando - United States Cabin classes: $57 First Class flights to Orlando $319 Business Class flights to Orlando $201 Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando $36 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » United States $60Flights from Alabama to Orlando Flights from Albuquerque to Orlando Flights from Anchorage to Orlando $96Flights from Arkansas to Orlando Flights from Atlanta to Orlando Flights from Atlantic City to Orlando Flights from Augusta to Orlando Flights from Baton Rouge to Orlando Flights from Billings to Orlando Flights from Bismarck to Orlando Flights from Boise to Orlando Flights from Boston to Orlando Flights from Bozeman to Orlando Flights from Burbank to Orlando Flights from Burlington, Vermont to Orlando Flights from Colorado Springs to Orlando Flights from Denver to Orlando Flights from Duluth to Orlando Flights from Durango to Orlando Flights from El Paso to Orlando Flights from Eugene to Orlando Flights from Fargo to Orlando Flights from Fort Lauderdale to Orlando Flights from Fort Myers to Orlando Flights from Fresno to Orlando Flights from Grand Forks to Orlando Flights from Grand Junction to Orlando Flights from Great Falls to Orlando Flights from Hartford to Orlando Flights from Honolulu to Orlando $51Flights from Illinois to Orlando $40Flights from Indiana to Orlando $118Flights from Iowa to Orlando Flights from Jacksonville to Orlando Flights from Kahului to Orlando Flights from Kailua-Kona to Orlando Flights from Kalispell to Orlando Flights from Kansas City to Orlando $52Flights from Kentucky to Orlando Flights from Key West to Orlando Flights from Lafayette to Orlando Flights from Las Vegas to Orlando Flights from Long Beach to Orlando Flights from Los Angeles to Orlando $98Flights from Maine to Orlando Flights from Manchester, New Hampshire to Orlando $35Flights from Maryland to Orlando Flights from Medford to Orlando Flights from Miami to Orlando $63Flights from Michigan to Orlando Flights from Minneapolis to Orlando $207Flights from Mississippi to Orlando Flights from Missoula to Orlando $60Flights from Missouri to Orlando Flights from Montrose, Colorado to Orlando $105Flights from Nebraska to Orlando Flights from New Haven to Orlando Flights from New Orleans to Orlando $58Flights from New York State to Orlando Flights from New York to Orlando $31Flights from North Carolina to Orlando Flights from Oakland, California to Orlando $38Flights from Ohio to Orlando $102Flights from Oklahoma to Orlando Flights from Ontario to Orlando Flights from Orlando Airport to Orlando Flights from Palm Springs to Orlando Flights from Panama City, Florida to Orlando Flights from Pasco to Orlando $34Flights from Pennsylvania to Orlando Flights from Pensacola to Orlando Flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Orlando Flights from Portland to Orlando Flights from Portsmouth, New Hampshire to Orlando Flights from Providence to Orlando Flights from Provo to Orlando Flights from Redmond to Orlando Flights from Reno to Orlando Flights from Rochester to Orlando Flights from Sacramento to Orlando Flights from Salt Lake City to Orlando Flights from San Diego to Orlando Flights from San Francisco to Orlando Flights from San Jose to Orlando Flights from Santa Ana to Orlando Flights from Santa Barbara to Orlando Flights from Savannah to Orlando Flights from Seattle to Orlando Flights from Shreveport to Orlando $31Flights from South Carolina to Orlando $184Flights from South Dakota to Orlando Flights from Spokane to Orlando Flights from Tallahassee to Orlando Flights from Tampa to Orlando $35Flights from Tennessee to Orlando $38Flights from Texas to Orlando Flights from Trenton, New Jersey to Orlando Flights from Tucson to Orlando Flights from Valparaiso, Florida to Orlando $38Flights from Virginia to Orlando Flights from Washington, D.C. to Orlando Flights from West Palm Beach to Orlando $84Flights from West Virginia to Orlando Flights from Wichita to Orlando Flights from Wilmington, Delaware to Orlando $76Flights from Wisconsin to Orlando Flights from Worcester, Massachusetts to Orlando View more Popular routes The most searched flights to Orlando by KAYAK users. $86Newark Liberty Airport to Orlando (EWR - ORL) $67Boston to Orlando (BOS - ORL) $41Philadelphia to Orlando (PHL - ORL) $51New York LaGuardia Airport to Orlando (LGA - ORL) $58Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando (ORD - ORL) $38Baltimore to Orlando (BWI - ORL) $155Los Angeles to Orlando (LAX - ORL) $40Detroit to Orlando (DTW - ORL) $109Reagan Washington National Airport to Orlando (DCA - ORL) $38Atlanta to Orlando (ATL - ORL) $114New York John F Kennedy Airport to Orlando (JFK - ORL) $38Charlotte to Orlando (CLT - ORL) $61Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando (DFW - ORL) $38Raleigh to Orlando (RDU - ORL) $42Cleveland to Orlando (CLE - ORL) View more Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando $31Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando $75Flights to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport, Orlando Airlines $27Spirit Airlines to Orlando American Airlines to Orlando $17Frontier to Orlando Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando from anywhere in United States. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Orlando from anywhere in United States. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.