16 Best Hotels in Cancún. Hotels from C$ 8/night - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Cancún hotels Search hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in Cancún 1 room, 2 guests Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 Search ...and more Let KAYAK do the searching Save on your next stay Search and compare hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in Cancún We’re completely free to use – no hidden charges or fees Filter by free cancellation, free breakfast and more Good to know Low season August High season December Average price (weeknight) C$ 396 Average price (weekend night) C$ 398 Cheapest month to stay with an average 18% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 17% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. Best Cancún hotels Most recommended Cancún hotelsShow all Hotel Xbalamque and Spa 7 Good DowntownC$ 73+ C$ 73+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Spa Beach Palace 8.7 Very good Hotel ZoneC$ 594+ C$ 594+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Spa Oleo Cancun Playa - Cancún - Bedroom Oleo Cancun Playa 8.1 Very good Hotel ZoneC$ 418+ C$ 418+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Riu Caribe - Cancún - Lounge Riu Caribe 8.4 Very good Hotel ZoneC$ 466+ C$ 466+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Hotel Antillano - Cancún - Building Hotel Antillano 7.6 Good DowntownC$ 80+ C$ 80+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Krystal Altitude Cancún - Cancún - Bedroom Krystal Altitude Cancún Hotel ZoneC$ 491+ C$ 491+ Suites Malecon Cancun - Cancún - Living room Suites Malecon Cancun 8.3 Very good DowntownC$ 118+ C$ 118+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Gr Solaris Cancun - Cancún - Balcony Gr Solaris Cancun 7.2 Good Hotel ZoneC$ 415+ C$ 415+ Free Wi-Fi Spa Caribe Internacional - Cancún - Bedroom Caribe Internacional 7 Good DowntownC$ 79+ C$ 79+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Hotel Bonampak - Cancún - Lobby Hotel Bonampak 8.6 Very good DowntownC$ 134+ C$ 134+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Ibis Cancun Centro - Cancún - Restaurant Ibis Cancun Centro 7.7 Good DowntownC$ 119+ C$ 119+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Sun Palace Couples Only - Cancún - Building Sun Palace Couples Only 9.4 Wonderful Hotel ZoneC$ 752+ C$ 752+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Spa GR Caribe by Solaris - Cancún - Lobby GR Caribe by Solaris 7.9 Good Hotel ZoneC$ 354+ C$ 354+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Spa Hard Rock Hotel Cancun - Cancún - Bedroom Hard Rock Hotel Cancun 8 Very good Hotel ZoneC$ 688+ C$ 688+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Wyndham Grand Cancun All Inclusive Resort & Villas - Cancún - Building Wyndham Grand Cancun All Inclusive Resort & Villas 8.2 Very good Hotel ZoneC$ 590+ C$ 590+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Spa Fiesta Americana Condesa Cancun - Cancún - Building Fiesta Americana Condesa Cancun 8.6 Very good Hotel ZoneC$ 699+ C$ 699+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Spa View more Cancún hotels near Centro de convenciones de CancúnShow all Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9 Wonderful Hotel ZoneC$ 1,084+ C$ 1,084+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Grand Fiesta Americana Coral Beach Cancun 9 Wonderful Hotel ZoneC$ 942+ C$ 942+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Krystal Cancun - Cancún - Pool Krystal Cancun 7 Good Hotel ZoneC$ 266+ C$ 266+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Intercontinental Presidente Cancun Resort - Cancún - Bedroom Intercontinental Presidente Cancun Resort 8.3 Very good Hotel ZoneC$ 410+ C$ 410+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Top Cancún hotels with parking Show all Occidental Costa Cancun 8 Very good Hotel ZoneC$ 315+ C$ 315+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Hotel Hacienda de Castilla 7.2 Good DowntownC$ 48+ C$ 48+ Parking Free Wi-Fi La Villa du Golf à Cancun - Cancún - Lobby La Villa du Golf à Cancun 9 Wonderful Hotel ZoneC$ 212+ C$ 212+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Occidental Tucancun - Cancún - Pool Occidental Tucancun 7.8 Good Hotel ZoneC$ 334+ C$ 334+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Grand Park Royal Cancun - Cancún - Bedroom Grand Park Royal Cancun 8.2 Very good Hotel ZoneC$ 676+ C$ 676+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Comfort Inn Cancun Aeropuerto - Cancún - Bedroom Comfort Inn Cancun Aeropuerto 4.9 Mediocre C$ 107+ C$ 107+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Adhara Hacienda Cancun - Cancún - Pool Adhara Hacienda Cancun 8.5 Very good DowntownC$ 138+ C$ 138+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Hotel Imperial Laguna Faranda - Cancún - Pool Hotel Imperial Laguna Faranda 6.1 Okay Hotel ZoneC$ 98+ C$ 98+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Hotel Los Girasoles - Cancún - Bedroom Hotel Los Girasoles 8.7 Very good DowntownC$ 73+ C$ 73+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Sotavento Hotel & Yacht Club - Cancún - Pool Sotavento Hotel & Yacht Club 7.2 Good Hotel ZoneC$ 96+ C$ 96+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Go to map Search by stars2+ stars3+ stars4+ stars5 stars Search by review score6+ Okay7+ Good8+ Great9+ Excellent Search by priceC$ 41 - C$ 1,057C$ 1,057 - C$ 2,074C$ 2,074 - C$ 3,091C$ 3,091 - C$ 4,107C$ 4,107+ per night Search by freebiesFree cancellationFree breakfastFree parkingFree internet Where to stay in CancúnWhere to Stay in Cancún: From Budget-Friendly to Sumptuous Digs Location definitely matters in Cancún. If you're looking for affordable accommodations and perhaps some intermingling with locals, downtown is calling your name. In the hotel zone, conversely, visitors often stay in sprawling all-inclusive resorts graced with mesmerizing ocean views, and the prices often reflect that. John Hecht 15 June 2023 More often than not the big decision on where to stay in Cancún comes down to budget. On the mainland, the city center is packed with hostels, intimate B&Bs, mid-range hotels, and even several upmarket options, but primarily it consists of places that are easy on the wallet. Hotel zone accommodations, on the other hand, are usually of the top-end variety. The pricier room rates typically get you massive pools, all-day eats and bottomless drinks, white-sand beaches at your doorstep, and in some cases, extravagant luxury. Explore more articles An essential guide to make your Cancún experience unforgettable Shopping in Cancún Family travel in Cancún Guide to Hotel Zone, Cancún Guide to Downtown Cancún What to pack for Cancún Getting around Cancún Day trips from Cancún Bars and nightlife in Cancún Le Blanc The pampering at this adults-only resort, personalized butlers and all, is so over the top that you may never want to leave the property. Rooms are pimped out with double hot tubs, the restaurants serve up some of the city’s finest gourmet fare and the complementary hydrotherapy pool puts you in instant vacay mode. Should you manage to pry yourself away from this great white wonder, a thriving nightlife scene is just a short walk away, and yet the hotel is far enough removed from the thumping discos to get a good night’s sleep. Nizuc Resort and Spa Opting for Room Only Most hotel zone accommodations push their all-inclusive packages but you can usually book a room without a meal plan, which ultimately allows for more freedom to discover the city's dynamic culinary scene. The contemporary architecture at this secluded resort in Punta Nizuc, the southernmost tip of the hotel zone, is a stunningly gorgeous blend of Mexican and Asian design concepts. Sporting airy open spaces, soothing water features and expansive ocean views nearly everywhere you turn, it’s minimalism done right. The private beach is smaller than what you get at some of the other luxury hotels up the coast but it never really feels crowded. The cherry on top is Ni, a breezy Peruvian restaurant specializing in tantalizing fresh ceviche. Hotel & Suites Nader A solid downtown option for business travelers and families alike, this well-run hotel’s spacious and impeccably clean suites give you plenty of bang for your back, plus it puts you smack in the middle of an up-and-coming restaurant zone. The larger suites sleep four comfortably and have full kitchens, making them an ideal setup for small groups or families. Kick the day off at the adjoining Cafe Nader with a Veracruz-style cafe con leche and fresh-baked pastries. Hard Rock Hotel This hotel zone all-inclusive provides the music activities and you deliver the beats. Here teens can live out the rock star fantasy at Hard Rock’s music lab, where instructors lead jam sessions and impart techniques for mixing and recording music. For younger kids, the kids club organizes a slew of activities, including talent shows, pool parties and the Mexican art of making papier-mâché piñatas. Music lovers of all ages will dig the in-room turntables and Fender guitars on loan. Waldorf Astoria Cancún Sitting pretty on a secluded stretch of coast about halfway between Cancún and Puerto Morelos, the new Waldorf Astoria has so many things to like, starting with the oceanfront rooms with swim-up pools, the exquisite dining and a pet-friendly policy that means plenty of fancy treats for your pooch. The Waldorf has a rich offering of activities geared toward families. Nomads Hotel & Rooftop Pool As the name suggests, the sunny rooftop pool is the main draw at this backpackers’ favorite. We like the tidy rooms, Sunday BBQ parties, strong wi-fi signal and the open-air bar’s convivial vibe. What’s more, it’s just a short walk from the ADO bus station and an even shorter distance to the main drag, where you can catch transportation to the beach and the happening nightclubs. Bed & Breakfast Pecarí This welcoming B&B has so much working in its favor, and best of all, it’s remarkably affordable by Cancún standards. Guests love the backyard pool and also the convenience of having a nearby bus stop that makes it easy to move back and forth between downtown and the beach. You really couldn’t ask for a quieter downtown neighborhood and there’s parking available to boot. El Rey del Caribe Does the world really need another wannabe eco-hotel? Rest assured that the King of the Caribbean is the real deal with its solar-powered water heaters, waste recycling and rainwater harvesting. Rooms here come with full kitchens, free breakfast and towel animals (because who doesn’t like bleached white swans), and they overlook a small pool and tropical garden that’s home to a family of nocturnal opossums. Up on the rooftop, guests can greet the new day with Kundalini and Hatha yoga sessions for a mere $6. Casa Tortugas Boutique Hotel A stay at a locally owned establishment assures that the money you spend stays in Cancún's economy. In a hotel zone filled with some of the world’s biggest international resorts, this relatively small family-run establishment comes as a pleasant surprise amid the sea of giants. A stay here presents an opportunity to support a locally owned business and here’s the kicker: it’s quite a find price-wise. Granted, it faces the lagoon side of the hotel zone, but the sunset views from the infinity pool are mesmerizing and the beach is just a stone’s throw away. JW Marriot Aside from the attractive ocean-facing rooms festooned with earthy beach-colored tones, the JW is regarded as one of the city’s premier business hotels. With a custom catering service and eight event rooms, including one of Cancún’s largest conference venues, it can host large-scale gatherings or simply one-on-one meetings in pleasant workspaces. It’s near the world-class Museo Maya, open-air shopping center La Isla and a golf course that overlooks the pretty Nichupté lagoon. Kempinski Hotel Kempinski’s elegant five-star Cancún property hosts meetings and events in gorgeous indoor and outdoor spaces, taking full advantage of its privileged location on the Mexican Caribbean. Add the tennis courts, large oceanfront pools and award-winning restaurants to the mix and you have more than enough amenities to help you unwind after a day of wheeling and dealing. When to book a hotel in Cancún Price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for finding Cancún hotel deals If you’re looking for a cheap hotel in Cancún, you should consider visiting during the low season. You'll find cheaper accommodations in Cancún in August and July. Hotel room prices vary depending on many factors but you’ll most likely find the best hotel deals in Cancún if you stay on a Sunday. The opposite is true for, Monday, which is usually the most expensive day. Book at least 5 days before your stay begins to get the best price for your Cancún accommodation. The cheapest 3-star hotel room in Cancún found on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 19, while the most expensive was C$ 1,021. How long should you stay? KAYAK users usually book their accommodation in Cancún for 17 days. If you want to stay in one of the hotels in the Cancun area, consider the Trs Coral Hotel which features a private beach and an outdoor pool, or the Iberostar Cancun, which also features a private beach and a spa and wellness center. If the thought of doing some golfing while you are in Cancun sounds like a great idea, you will find quite a few golf courses to the south of the center of the city, including the Campo de golf Riviera Cancun as well as the Cancun Country Club. The Courtyard by Marriott Cancun Airport has a location close to these courses and features an on-site restaurant. If you are in the mood for doing some hiking while you are in Cancun, a beautiful spot to try is to the north of Cancun in a place called Punto de Partida, which is an amazing oceanfront hiking spot that offers wonderful views of the ocean during your hike. The Punta Me Beach Suites has a location quite close to this outdoor area and features a private beach. If you are interested in doing some amazing ATV tours while you are in Cancun, you will find plenty of providers that sit just to the southeast of the center of the city. The Aquamarina Beach Resort has a location adjacent to many of these providers and features a private beach as well as room service. If you are looking for a great hotel choice that is in a quieter spot a little further away from the center of Cancun, consider the Dreams Natura Riviera Cancun. This hotel isis just a short drive back into the center of Cancun and features an on-site water sports facility as well as an infinity pool that has a great view of the ocean from the edge of the pool. While Cancún generally tends to be an affordable city, airport transportation services can be surprisingly expensive. A convenient option could be to go for resorts or hotels in Cancún that provide transportation for free, such as the LQ Hotel by La Quinta. Most large hotels include this in their rates, and some smaller hotels located near the airport, such as the Courtyard by Marriott, will also have transportation options. Cancún is a very popular city for all-inclusive resorts and hotels, so take advantage of the many great hotel deals that will be available to you. The Hyatt Ziva is one of the most popular all-inclusive hotels in Cancún. If you are looking to travel between resorts and attractions but you do not want to rent a car, consider booking your Cancún near one of the bus stops of the Riviera Maya bus service, such as the Mi Casa Es Tu Casa. This local bus service links many of the different resorts in theus Riviera Maya area, and it is very affordable to use. Hotels in Cancún are generally concentrated in two areas – downtown and what is called the Hotel Zone. You will find that downtown has a large variety of budget hotels, restaurants, and bars, while the Hotel Zone is located directly on Cancún’s famous beaches. Check out the Ramada Cancún City in downtown, or the Krystal Cancún in the Hotel Zone. FAQs when booking a hotel in Cancún Which hotel in Cancun features a saltwater pool? The Grand Palladium Riviera Resort & Spa offers a saltwater pool for guests and also has a water sports facility on site. The hotel also has a private beach and a fitness center. What are some of the pet-friendly hotels are available in Cancun? One of the most pet-friendly hotels in this area is the Four Points by Sheraton Cancun Centro, which allows visitors to bring dogs up to 30 pounds for an additional fee every night. You can bring your leashed dog onto the terrace of both of the on-site restaurants as well as next to the rooftop pool. Which hotels in Cancun feature a waterslide or waterpark for kids? The Grand at Moon Palace Cancun has an amazing waterslide that kids are going to love plus it also has a private beach, snorkeling available, as well as a restaurant that features room service. What would be a good hotel choice in Cancun for business travelers? The Comfort Inn Cancun Aeropuerto it's a great choice for business travelers because they feature an airport shuttle, a business center as well as an on-site restaurant offering room service. Which hotels in Cancún are by the beach? The Cancún Hotel Zone is located directly along popular beaches, and as its name implies, it is a collection of some of the best resorts and hotels. The Marriott Cancún Resort is a reasonably priced option that will put you directly in this area. What are the best hotels in Cancún near the airport? To stay near the airport, look at hotels such as the Courtyard by Marriott Cancún Airport. If you don’t mind being 10 minutes from the airport, the Moon Palace and the Nizuc Resort and Spa are both great choices offering an airport transport service. The Krystal Grand also offers shuttle service to the airport for its guests. What are good family hotels in Cancún, Mexico? Many Cancún hotels are kid-friendly and offer deals for family stays. While staying in downtown can be fun, you normally have to take some form of transportation to get to the ocean, where many activities for children are offered, and this can be difficult when you are traveling with kids. Hotels like Bsea Cancún Plaza Hotel and Salvia Cancún in the Hotel Zone are close to the beach, avoiding the longer commute from downtown. What are good romantic hotels in Cancún, Mexico? Looking for a Cancún hotel for a romantic stay? The city has many options that are great for couples. The Ritz Carlton is a luxury hotel that has on-site spa services, a pool, and many choices for fine dining. The Le Blanc Spa Resort, Excellence Playa Mujeres and Hyatt Zilara are just a few examples of adults-only resorts that offer all-inclusive packages. Where to stay in Cancún? Hotels adjacent to Centro de convenciones de Cancún and in Hotel Zone or Downtown are usually very popular with KAYAK users. What are the best hotels near Centro de convenciones de Cancún? Hyatt Ziva Cancun, Grand Fiesta Americana Coral Beach Cancun and Intercontinental Presidente Cancun Resort are very popular with users who want to stay within walking distance of Centro de convenciones de Cancún. How much does a hotel cost in Cancún? In the last 3 days, double rooms in Cancún have been found on KAYAK for as cheap as C$ 31. On average, the price for a double room is C$ 524. How do I find a hotel in central Cancún? After you launch a hotel search on KAYAK, you can refine your research by neighbourhood, which allows you to pick the central Cancún districts. You can also do a search using the city map to choose a specific location, like Cancún city centre How can I find hotels near me? Take a look at our extensive hotel map to find the best hotels near you. Are there Cancún hotels with free parking? There are many hotels in Cancún that offer both parking and free parking. Popular choices among KAYAK users include Hotel Xbalamque and Spa, Oleo Cancun Playa and Riu Caribe. Where to stay in Cancún? Our map will help you find the perfect place to stay in Cancún by showing you the exact location of each hotel. What Cancún hotel guests are talking aboutShow all What Cancún hotel guests are talking about Hotels about topicShow all Hyatt Ziva Cancun 9 Wonderful Hotel ZoneC$ 1,084+ C$ 1,084+ Parking Flamingo Cancun Resort 7.1 Good Hotel ZoneC$ 214+ C$ 214+ Parking City Express Junior by Marriott Cancun - Cancún City Express Junior by Marriott Cancun 7.4 Good DowntownC$ 114+ C$ 114+ Parking Hilton Cancun Mar Caribe - Cancún Hilton Cancun Mar Caribe 9.1 Wonderful Hotel ZoneC$ 987+ C$ 987+ Parking Smart Cancun By Oasis - Cancún Smart Cancun By Oasis 7.7 Good DowntownC$ 115+ C$ 115+ Parking Le Blanc Spa Resort - Adults Only - Cancún Le Blanc Spa Resort - Adults Only 9.3 Wonderful Hotel ZoneC$ 1,330+ C$ 1,330+ Parking City Express by Marriott Cancun - Cancún City Express by Marriott Cancun 7.3 Good DowntownC$ 129+ C$ 129+ Parking Ocean View Cancun Arenas - Cancún Ocean View Cancun Arenas Hotel ZoneC$ 159+ C$ 159+ Parking Grand Oasis Cancún - Cancún Grand Oasis Cancún 6.3 Okay Hotel ZoneC$ 331+ C$ 331+ Parking Hotel Bonampak - Cancún Hotel Bonampak 8.6 Very good DowntownC$ 134+ C$ 134+ Parking Courtyard by Marriott Cancun Airport - Cancún Courtyard by Marriott Cancun Airport 8 Very good C$ 183+ C$ 183+ Parking Airport shuttle Mayafair Design Hotel - Cancún Mayafair Design Hotel 6.7 Okay Hotel ZoneC$ 81+ C$ 81+ Parking Caribe Internacional - Cancún Caribe Internacional 7 Good DowntownC$ 79+ C$ 79+ Parking Salvia Cancun Aparts - Cancún Salvia Cancun Aparts 8.1 Very good Hotel ZoneC$ 195+ C$ 195+ Parking Hotel Hacienda de Castilla - Cancún Hotel Hacienda de Castilla 7.2 Good DowntownC$ 48+ C$ 48+ Parking Mansion Giahn Bed & Breakfast - Cancún Mansion Giahn Bed & Breakfast 7 Good C$ 53+ C$ 53+ Parking Mezcal Hostel - Cancún Mezcal Hostel 7.9 Good DowntownC$ 95+ C$ 95+ Parking Casa Caribe Cancun - Cancún Casa Caribe Cancun 7.6 Good DowntownC$ 143+ C$ 143+ Parking Popular topics private poolscasino airport shuttle Popular in Cancún Cancún luxury hotels Cancún budget hotels Cancún pet-friendly hotels Cancún 5-star hotels Cancún boutique hotels Cancún beach hotels Cancún spa hotels Cancún family hotels Cancún romantic hotels Cancún hotels with pools Cancún last minute hotels Accommodations in Cancún Bed & Breakfast Resort Hostel Vacation Rentals in Cancún Airports in Cancún Hotels near Cancun Airport Hotels near Cozumel Airport Landmarks in Cancún Hotels near Centro de convenciones de Cancún, Cancún Hotels near Parque Las Palapas, Cancún Hotels near Playa Gaviota Azul, Cancún Hotels near Plaza de Toros, Cancún Hotels near Ayuntamiento de Benito Juarez, Cancún Hotels near Malecon Americas, Cancún Hotels near Playa Caracol, Cancún Hotels near Playa Chac Mool, Cancún Hotels near Forum Beach, Cancún Hotels near Glorieta del Ceviche, Cancún Hotels near Plaza Caracol, Cancún Hotels near Royal Yak Casino and Sports Book, Cancún Hotels near Mercado 28, Cancún Hotels near Hospital Amerimed, Cancún Show more Neighbourhoods in Cancún Hotels in Hotel Zone, Cancún Hotels in Downtown, Cancún All hotels in Cancún Hotels Hotels in North America Hotels in Mexico Hotels in Quintana Roo Hotels in Riviera Maya Cancún Hotels Top Hotel Destinations Vancouver hotels Niagara Falls hotels San Juan hotels Orlando hotels Ottawa hotels Jasper hotels Playa del Carmen hotels Whistler hotels Tokyo hotels Osaka hotels Wasaga Beach hotels Québec City hotels Windsor hotels London hotels Belfast hotels San Diego hotels Honolulu hotels Kingston hotels Toronto hotels Banff hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Kelowna hotels Montreal hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Cancún Hotel Deals. Search and compare hotels in Cancún. Find cheap hotel rooms in Cancún. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap hotels and book the room that suits you best. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.