Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Chennai from $434 | (SFO - MAA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - MAA Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Chennai from $434 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/20. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Chennai These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Chennai. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Chennai. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Chennai?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Chennai that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 3:40 pm - 2:15 amSFO-MAA 21h 05m1 stop 9:40 pm - 12:45 pmMAA-SFO 28h 35m1 stop $514Emirates Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Tue, Feb 13 11:45 pm - 10:50 pmSFO-MAA 33h 35m2 stops 5:25 pm - 11:51 amMAA-SFO 55h 56m2 stops $754 Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Wed, Jan 31 7:00 am - 12:10 amSFO-MAA 27h 40m2 stops 1:50 am - 1:35 pmMAA-SFO 24h 15m1 stop $815Lufthansa Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Sun, Mar 24 2:40 pm - 12:10 amSFO-MAA 44h 00m1 stop 1:50 am - 1:35 pmMAA-SFO 24h 15m1 stop $827Lufthansa Find Deal Sat, Feb 10 - Sun, Mar 24 10:30 am - 7:30 pmSFO-MAA 44h 30m2 stops 11:10 am - 6:00 pmMAA-SFO 19h 20m1 stop $860Air India Find Deal Wed, Apr 17 - Sun, Apr 28 9:00 pm - 2:20 pmSFO-MAA 28h 50m1 stop 8:05 am - 6:20 pmMAA-SFO 46h 45m2 stops $880Air India Find Deal Tue, Mar 26 - Mon, Apr 22 2:50 pm - 9:20 amSFO-MAA 29h 00m1 stop 3:45 am - 12:50 pmMAA-SFO 22h 35m1 stop $980Qatar Airways Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Mon, Feb 12 2:50 pm - 9:20 amSFO-MAA 29h 00m1 stop 3:45 am - 1:50 pmMAA-SFO 22h 35m1 stop $981Qatar Airways Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Tue, Mar 26 8:30 am - 12:05 amSFO-MAA 26h 05m2 stops 2:05 am - 2:05 pmMAA-SFO 24h 30m1 stop $984Delta Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Wed, Mar 20 3:05 pm - 12:05 amSFO-MAA 43h 30m1 stop 2:05 am - 2:05 pmMAA-SFO 24h 30m1 stop $990Delta Find Deal Thu, Feb 29 - Sat, Mar 23 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Chennai - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Chennai to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Francisco to Chennai? The average price of all flights from San Francisco to Chennai clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from San Francisco to Chennai, look for departures on Tuesdays and avoid leaving on a Saturday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Chennai, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Chennai? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Chennai, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Chennai is September, where tickets cost $935 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $2,143 and $1,841 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Chennai? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Chennai, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Chennai, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 84 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Chennai? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting San Francisco to Chennai were found on Emirates ($514) and Lufthansa ($815). Singapore Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $434. How long does a flight from San Francisco to Chennai take? There are no direct flights for this route. The shortest travel duration to get to Chennai from San Francisco is 20h 25m. Good to know Low season April High season June Cheapest flight $434 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 16% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 29% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to Chennai When to book flights from San Francisco to Chennai Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Chennai based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Francisco to Chennai Are there currency exchange services at Chennai International Airport (MAA)? If you’ve just landed at Chennai International Airport (MAA) from San Francisco International Airport (SFO) and need to change your dollars into Indian rupees, you’ll have various options to choose from. Most of the services are before the customs in the arrival terminal. Prime Forex, one of the most reputable service providers at MAA is located in Shop No.2, Concourse Level. Are there any services for passengers with limited mobility at MAA upon their arrival? Chennai International Airport (MAA) offers services to travelers with mobility limitations as they arrive from San Francisco International Airport (SFO). Under its Special Assistance Program, a trained and dedicated staff member will help you access the baggage claim area, leading you through the customs and out through the exit. Where can I rent a car at Chennai International Airport (MAA)? Those arriving at Chennai International Airport (MAA) who want to explore the city at their convenience should rent a car. Various car agencies run their services at this facility, including Avis and Hertz. At the arrivals terminal, keep an eye on the sign leading to their counters. Still, it might be best if booked in advance. Is there a prayer room at Chennai International Airport (MAA)? For peace and relaxation, or an escape from the noisy terminals to have a private moment with your maker, you’ll find a prayer room at MAA. It’s located airside in the International Arrival Terminal, near gates 15/16. Are there any nonstop flights between San Francisco and Chennai? Unfortunately, you will not find any nonstop flights between these two cities; however, several airlines offer one-stop options. Qatar Airways offers a one-stop flight with a layover at Doha Hamad International (DOH) and Singapore Airlines offers one-stop service with a layover at Singapore Changi (SIN). Is there a good public transportation option to get from downtown San Francisco to San Francisco International Airport? Perhaps the quickest option to get from downtown San Francisco to the airport is on the BART Rapid Rail system. This train line has a station on the Departures Level of the International Terminal. The fare to ride the train from downtown San Francisco is around $10. Are there any good choices for hotels that have locations near Chennai Airport? A couple of good choices for hotels that have locations near the airport include the Treebo Trend Nestlay Airport and Mount Manor. Are there any rideshare services available at the Chennai Airport? The popular rideshare app Uber is available at Chennai Airport. Since there is no designated pick-up location at the airport, check within the app to see where to meet your driver. Ola is another rideshare service. As with Uber, you book your ride and set your pickup location in their app. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Chennai? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from San Francisco to Chennai? San Francisco and Chennai are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave San Francisco from San Francisco and will be arriving at Chennai. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Chennai? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Chennai? Star Alliance, oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between San Francisco and Chennai, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Chennai from San Francisco? Singapore is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from San Francisco to Chennai. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Chennai, Singapore Airlines or Emirates? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Chennai are Singapore Airlines and Emirates. With an average price for the route of $1,465 and an overall rating of 8.6, Singapore Airlines is the most popular choice. Emirates is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,578 and an overall rating of 8.3. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Chennai? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Chennai. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Chennai? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Chennai from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Chennai? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Chennai with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and MAA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Chennai? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Chennai from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to Chennai San Francisco International Airport (SFO) features only one International Terminal, complemented by three domestic terminals (1, 2 and 3) for arrivals and departures. Inter-terminal transfer is made easier by the AirTrain which departs every 5-15min. Furthermore, if you’re fit enough, you can use the walkways to move from one terminal to the next. Multiple carriers run various lounges at San Francisco International Airport (SFO), including American Airlines Admirals Club and The Centurion Lounge. Priority access is to members and holders of registered cards. However, economy class passengers can access the lounges if they agree to pay a day pass, regardless of the airlines they’re flying with. Those who have early morning departures from SFO should plan and sleep in one of the numerous hotels close to the airport. Usually, these facilities offer complimentary shuttles to and from the airport. Consider booking a room at La Quinta Inn & Suites by Wyndham San Francisco Airport West or Aloft San Francisco Airport. Families traveling with their kids through SFO will be keen to note that there are lactating and nursing suites at their disposal. Moms can locate them in Terminal 3, near gate E5, from where they can pump and breastfeed in privacy. The rooms feature sinks, seats and power sockets. If you’re looking for an outlet to recharge your wallet before flying out from San Francisco International Airport (SFO) to Chennai International Airport (MAA), there are various banks that run their ATMs from this facility, including the Bank of America, in the International Terminal Main Hall, Departures Level near Marketplace G. If you are someone that loves to ride a bicycle and would like to travel to the San Francisco International Airport (SFO) by bike, there are five locations to lock your bicycle at the airport. These include the Valet Parking Stand, Courtyard A, Courtyard G, the San Francisco Rental Car Center, and the Westfield Garage. You can park your bicycle for up to 14 days, but if you are going to park it for more than 24h, it needs to be registered with the on-duty personnel located at the bike lock areas. If you are looking for a unique way to travel from Chennai Airport (MAA) to the city center, why not try a rickshaw? Getting from the airport to the center of the city will cost you around INR 252 (USD 3.50). Another good public transportation option to get from Chennai Airport to the city center is the Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC), which offers bus route 18A. The fare to ride the bus is around INR 38 (USD 0.50) and you can purchase your ticket directly from the driver. If someone will be driving you to San Francisco International Airport before your flight, the airport recommends that they drop you at the Kiss and Fly area, which is located at the Rental Car Center. From the Rental Car Center, passengers can take the AirTrain's Blue Line to the airport terminal buildings 24h per day. If your kids are going to be making the trip with you, you'll be happy to know that San Francisco International Airport has three different Kids Spots for them to explore while waiting for their flight. The spots have locations at Terminal 3 near Gate F 18, Terminal 2 at gates D7 and D15, and Terminal 3 near Gate E7. If you are looking for a lounge to relax in before your flight, you'll be happy to know that San Francisco International Airport has several different options. These include several United Airlines United Club locations, a Delta Air Lines Delta Sky Club location, an American Airlines Admirals club location, and a British Airways lounge. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Chennai See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Chennai. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Chennai? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.6 Singapore AirlinesOverall score based on 3983 reviews 88boarding 83food 87overall 86entertainment 85comfort 89crew Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was super nice and the food was good (for plane food)! Really appreciated that they had snacks and chocolate on hand for hungry passengers throughout the flight. A 17 hour plane ride is never the best, but Singapore Air made it as pleasant as possible. Also, we booked on Kayak and was routed through a third party vendor JustFly, which I was a little worried about - but our booking went off without a hitch."Read more about Singapore Airlines Pros: "Crew was super nice and the food was good (for plane food)! Really appreciated that they had snacks and chocolate on hand for hungry passengers throughout the flight. A 17 hour plane ride is never the best, but Singapore Air made it as pleasant as possible. Also, we booked on Kayak and was routed through a third party vendor JustFly, which I was a little worried about - but our booking went off without a hitch." Pros: "Excellent crew and very well dressed and always smiling" Cons: "The lights were switched off for a very long time. That can be avoided" Pros: "The crew did a wonderful job of anticipating needs and having all the little ammenities you could want." Cons: "They gave you a menu at the start of the flight but didn't serve any of that food, and the food wasn't very good" Pros: "Crew was polite." Cons: "For such a long journey, the plane could have been nicer." Pros: "Handset to control screen didn’t work. Airline reimbursed me with $75 voucher for inflight duty-free shop." Cons: "Aircrew took my carry on away while I was waiting to board saying it was too large; left me without the essential items I wanted during the 19.5 hours in the air and two plane changes. Other people were allowed to keep carry ons bigger than mine so I don't understand why they did this." Pros: "The plane was new. The in flight entertainment system was good, although I never got to experience it fully because the Flight attendant kept switching it off, as I had paid extra (an arm and a leg) for a “bulkhead seat”" Cons: "The service was beyond awful! The Flight Attendants had a “could care less” attitude. I had special ordered a meal, and they gave me the wrong one. I did not want to make a big deal, so I just ate it. Then they did not offer any beverages when the meal came! I literally had to beg them to make me their famous “Singapore sling”. Shocking really!!. When I had my coffee, my request for cream and sugar went ignored THREE times. Finally they grudgingly gave me only cream, rendering my coffee undrinkable. .....And the list goes on. Never ever will I travel on this horrid airline again!" Pros: "Satisfied and feel good on Singapore airlines, definitely will consider next trip" Pros: "We loved the service, quality of food, entertainment, and cleanliness of Singapore Airlines flight!" Cons: "Economy is still tightly packed with limited leg room considering the distance traveled." Cons: "In spite of ordering vegetarian food, was offered a non-vegetarian option and was told that is Asian vegetarian. Food quality was bad too." Pros: "I had to pay two tickets for same flight from Islamabad to San Francisco and going from San Francisco to Islamabad it’s been cancel and I am fighting for my money back they don’t want to refund it" Cons: "I carried the same exact baggage from my SFO-DXB flight into DXB-MAA flight but was still charged excess baggage. Even after being asked to checkin my luggage I found that I could carry it in and there was more than enough space to accomodate everyone." Pros: "Overall flight quality" Cons: "Free wifi time can be increased to at least an hour and Food quality can be better" Cons: "They delayed the flight over entertainment system and that caused me to miss my connection" Pros: "The a380 business class was the greatest flying experience I ever had. Second to NONE! Must try and book if possible. I fly a LOT and this was just absolutely amazing." Cons: "Nothing really! Although they do run out of food options so sit as far in the front as possible." Pros: "I liked everything! Excellent service. Great food, entertainment, and flight. Nothing went wrong. Thank you!" Pros: "Horrible experience!!!!" Cons: "1. Emirates has only one piece option. With Laptop bag weighing about almost 5kgs, you are left with just 2kgs which the carry bag itself would weigh. Not sure, how Emirates is getting away with this discriminatory attitude, while rest of airlines do allow -Carry on + a personal item. 2. There is no check on the carry-on weight at SFO airport. While in DXB, they entice customer to buy all duty free and then when it comes to boarding, you will be 'shocked'. No more than 10kg allowed. 3. You will be directed to read instructions before boarding. Then the corruption deal starts...read point 4 4. The man will say, remove anything in excess of 10kg or pay extra luggage, knowing very well, that people buy duty free at DXB. 5. Once you start negotiating, then the deal-making starts... 6. I managed it. More on Facebook review..." Pros: "Food and service" Cons: "Boarding in Dubai was not according to zones and it was crowded" Pros: "Good serevice" Cons: "food provided is not good. All western style most passengers are from Asia" Cons: "Not able to select seats during online checkin free of cost." Crew members service are at its best Seating area is very compact, could be better Boarding was delayed by 2 hours since the machine that assigned boarding passes broke down and we were left waiting to drop our luggage Excellent service and very comfortable business class for a long journey. Carry on bags in business class weight limits The boarding was very unorganized, they had my dad “83 years old “ stand for long time to Wait in the line then stand behind the counter, we had two kids with us but the separated my dad from us for long time Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Crew is very slow in serving and removing spiked plates. Food menu is very limited and not even asking for Tea or coffee, very poor service, feedback alone they ask verbally and thank to be positive. Late boarding not proper announcements" Pros: "Boarding was efficient. Staff were polite and helpful." Cons: "Food was okay, seats were less so. Not enough leg room." Pros: "Yes. Pillow cushion too firm" Cons: "Food needs to be better. Very inconvenient schedule for flights to India from Europe." Pros: "The crew was excellent. The seat was reasonably comfortable. Boarding process was very orderly and smooth." Cons: "Boarding process, in-flight entertainment (movie selection not good), and no wifi in flight :(" Pros: "The service was great! I slept almost the whole way in economy and was very comfortable!" Pros: "Nothing. There was no flight. The flight was cancelled and you did not notify us. We found it out ourselves by accident. We tried to contact you guys but we could not call or anything other. You guys suck" Cons: "Notify your customers when the flight is cancelled. Thats the least you can do. Very unprofessional" Cons: "The sitting was so very small, I never traveled so crumpled." Pros: "Good crew, food was good for airline food. Entertainment offerings were good." Cons: "Too many seats, 3-4-3 configuration means not even enough room to walk down aisle without bumping people in their narrow seats." Pros: "Crew were great" Cons: "Cabin kept very hot, very difficult to sleep. Seats were so-so comfortable" Pros: "Orderly boarding process. Considerate reseating when bulkhead with extra legroom were not usable." Pros: "The crew was amazingly efficient serving food and drink. In the recline position the seat bottom extended which was far more comfortable than simply reclining." Cons: "The food was mediocre and the selection of movies was very limited." Pros: "Smooth transfer from Terminal 3 to the International Terminal. Great airport. Easy boarding, friendly crew and very smooth flight." Cons: "I was very happy with my flight experience with Swiss." Pros: "The seat was ok, I paid $ 115 per Trip ( total of $ 230) just to sit at the emergency exit to have some leg room and then I am sitting next to the bathroom and people stepping on my feet because they tend to hang out around the bathroom." Cons: "The flight attendant not wearing perfume. Food was very poor to say the least." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "Boarding by rows and not like cows all at one time" Pros: "The food was great. The service is excellent. Swiss Air gets an A+." Cons: "Catering and professionalism of the crew could have been better." Cons: "The food service could have been better . Quality is poor ! There was one lunch service, breakfast service and one snack service through 19.5 hours of nonstop flight. We were hungry through out as the quantities were so little and barely there . The toilets were bad and didn’t even carry tissues" Pros: "Seats are ok, not super comfortable. Legroom are kinda limited but the monitor screens are great and user friendly." Pros: "Good selection of movies and excellent inflight entertainment overall. Service was excellent." Cons: "Seats were very small." Cons: "Delayed 1.5 hours. Checked bags took over an hour to reach the claim area (not sure whose fault this was, airline or airport)." Pros: "crew was courteous and highly helpful. food was good, served hot." Pros: "Food was fine. Everything was run efficiently. I have no complaints." Pros: "The vegetarian food was excellent every time." Cons: "I could. It select a seat ahead of the flight. I got stuck in the middle of a row. I see the same for my return flight. I do not understand why I cannot preselect a seat." Pros: "Great food, service, and timeliness." Cons: "I wish the seats were more comfortable for such a long flight." Cons: "There was no toiletries and slippers. Snacks should be given timely. It should not ask for it." Singapore Airlines8.6 Emirates8.3 Qatar Airways8.2 SWISS8.0 Cathay Pacific8.0 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Chennai Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Chennai found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/20Tue 1 stopSingapore Airlines 22h 50mSFO-MAA $434 Search 2/12Mon 1 stopSingapore Airlines 33h 45mSFO-MAA $435 Search 1/23Tue 2 stops 38h 25mSFO-MAA $447 Search 1/21Sun 2 stops 38h 25mSFO-MAA $448 Search 1/14Sun 1 stopQatar Airways 29h 00mSFO-MAA $624 Search 2/2Fri 1 stopAir India 28h 50mSFO-MAA $701 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopQatar Airways 29h 00mSFO-MAA $705 Search 12/25Mon 1 stopEmirates 27h 05mSFO-MAA $950 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopLufthansa 44h 00mSFO-MAA $990 Search 12/8Fri 1 stopLufthansa 44h 00mSFO-MAA $995 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSingapore AirlinesQatar AirwaysAir IndiaEmiratesLufthansa Search by price$440 or less$450 or less$700 or less$950 or less$1,000 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Chennai Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Chennai that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopLufthansa 26h 15mSFO-MAA 12/7Thu multi-stopLufthansa 24h 15mMAA-SFO $1,090 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 36h 35mSFO-MAA 1/22Mon multi-stop 42h 04mMAA-SFO $1,102 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopLufthansa 38h 05mSFO-MAA 12/11Mon multi-stopLufthansa 24h 15mMAA-SFO $1,108 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopLufthansa 38h 05mSFO-MAA 12/19Tue multi-stopLufthansa 24h 15mMAA-SFO $1,109 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 26h 29mSFO-MAA 12/10Sun multi-stopQatar Airways 29h 35mMAA-SFO $1,135 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopQatar Airways 27h 10mSFO-MAA 3/26Tue multi-stopQatar Airways 22h 35mMAA-SFO $1,171 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 29h 21mSFO-MAA 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 34h 40mMAA-SFO $1,261 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 29h 21mSFO-MAA 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 47h 32mMAA-SFO $1,270 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSWISS 47h 45mSFO-MAA 12/14Thu multi-stopSWISS 33h 15mMAA-SFO $1,316 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopSWISS 47h 45mSFO-MAA 12/12Tue multi-stopSWISS 32h 35mMAA-SFO $1,330 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLufthansaQatar AirwaysAmerican AirlinesSWISS Search by price$1,100 or less$1,110 or less$1,170 or less$1,270 or less$1,330 or less San Francisco - Chennai Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: Chennai (MAA)India Return flight deals: Chennai - San Francisco Cabin classes: First Class flights to Chennai Business Class flights to Chennai Prem Econ Class flights to Chennai Economy Class flights to Chennai Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $739Flights from San Francisco to Chennai Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » Chennai $739Flights to Chennai, Chennai Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Chennai flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Chennai from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Chennai from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.