Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Seattle from $46 | (SFO - SEA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - SEA Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Seattle from $46 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/15. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Seattle These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Seattle. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Seattle. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Seattle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Seattle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 1:23 pm - 9:28 pmSFO-SEA 8h 05m1 stop 9:42 am - 5:13 pmSEA-SFO 7h 31m1 stop $90 Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 1:23 pm - 7:59 pmSFO-SEA 6h 36m1 stop 10:00 pm - 7:56 amSEA-SFO 9h 56m1 stop $95 Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Mon, Jan 15 6:00 am - 8:15 amSFO-SEA 2h 15mnonstop 11:00 am - 1:15 pmSEA-SFO 2h 15mnonstop $113Alaska Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 9 10:44 am - 6:10 pmSFO-SEA 7h 26m1 stop 9:53 am - 3:32 pmSEA-SFO 5h 39m1 stop $115Frontier Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Tue, Jan 16 12:30 pm - 2:45 pmSFO-SEA 2h 15mnonstop 6:15 am - 8:28 amSEA-SFO 2h 13mnonstop $118Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Tue, Jan 16 10:23 pm - 4:00 pmSFO-SEA 17h 37m1 stop 10:27 am - 10:42 amSEA-SFO 24h 15m1 stop $119Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sun, Dec 17 4:45 pm - 7:00 pmSFO-SEA 2h 15mnonstop 8:10 pm - 10:35 pmSEA-SFO 2h 25mnonstop $127Delta Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Tue, Jan 16 10:35 pm - 12:31 amSFO-SEA 1h 56mnonstop 6:30 am - 8:46 amSEA-SFO 2h 16mnonstop $133United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Mar 7 - Sat, Mar 9 9:25 pm - 11:44 pmSFO-SEA 2h 19mnonstop 5:55 am - 8:12 amSEA-SFO 2h 17mnonstop $136Alaska Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Sun, Jan 7 7:10 pm - 9:35 pmSFO-SEA 2h 25mnonstop 7:00 am - 9:19 amSEA-SFO 2h 19mnonstop $242United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Tue, Dec 26 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Seattle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Seattle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Francisco to Seattle? The average price of all flights from San Francisco to Seattle clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Seattle on a Tuesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from San Francisco to Seattle. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Wednesday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Seattle? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Seattle is January, where tickets cost $177 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are November and December, where the average cost of tickets is $237 and $227 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Seattle? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Seattle, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 88 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Seattle? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting San Francisco to Seattle were found on Alaska Airlines ($113) and Frontier ($115). Frontier proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $51. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Francisco and Seattle? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Francisco to Seattle. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from San Francisco to Seattle. They are: Alaska Airlines, Delta and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Delta at $79 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Delta. How many flights are there between San Francisco and Seattle per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 15 nonstop flights that take off from San Francisco and land in Seattle, with an average flight time of 2h 19m. The most common departure time is 12:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 67 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 22% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and Seattle? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to Seattle take? A direct flight to Seattle will take on average 2h 15m to travel the 679 miles flying distance from San Francisco. What’s the earliest departure time from San Francisco to Seattle? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Francisco at 6:00 am and will be landing in Seattle at 8:15 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Francisco to Seattle? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Francisco to Seattle jets off at 10:47 pm and lands at 1:00 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $46 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 15% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 5% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to Seattle When to book flights from San Francisco to Seattle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Seattle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Francisco to Seattle Are there car rentals at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? Passengers arriving at SEA from SFO and wanting a car to explore the city flexibly will find many options at their disposal. Although there are desks at the terminal, all the parking garages are off-site. Take a shuttle outside on the lower drive on the baggage claim level, and it will drop you at the car rental pick-up area within 5min. Which is the best way to get to downtown Seattle from SEA? The city center of Seattle and Seattle-Tacoma International Airport lies about 13.8 miles apart. The best way to get there is via a light rail which covers the distance in about 40min. Another option is to take the airport shuttle, which takes about 1h to travel between the two points. However, a taxi is handy for a quicker alternative as it completes the journey in 25min. Are there lactating rooms at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? Families arriving at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport from SFO will be glad to note that the property caters to the needs of moms and little ones. If you want to pump or breastfeed in privacy, head to Concourse D on the lower level of D Annex, adjacent to Gate D24. Is there a smoking room at SEA? SEA operates on a smoke-free policy within the terminals. However, upon landing, you can light your cigarette on the North end of the terminals, outside door 26 by Alaska Airlines, at the luggage claim level. Is bag storage available at Seattle Tacoma International Airport? Smarte Carte offers not only rentals of carts, strollers, and wheelchairs but also provides baggage storage as well with their Baggage Storage Seattle service. They provide both short and long-term baggage storage in their secure facility. The facility is conveniently located on the arrivals level at baggage claim 9. Is there a private area at Seattle Tacoma International Airport that nursing mothers can use? Inside the children's playroom, there is a Mother's Room which is private and quiet and also offers rocking chairs for you and your baby. This room comes with adjustable lighting as well as footstools, side tables, and electrical outlets. The airport offers a total of eight of these rooms throughout the various terminal buildings. Does Seattle Tacoma International Airport have a cell phone lot? There is a complimentary cell phone lot featuring a large sign with a QR code. Drivers can simply scan the code on their smartphone to receive detailed arrivals information. The lot is located adjacent to the South 170th Street exit on the Airport Expressway. Drivers may park for free for up to twenty minutes. If I have brought along my pet on my flight from San Francisco to Seattle in an animal carrier, where can I pick it up after my flight? All animals that traveled in the baggage compartment in animal carriers can be picked up in the baggage claim area. If your pet was sent via the airline’s cargo service, you must contact your individual airline to find out where their individual cargo service office is located at the airport to pick up your pet. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Seattle? No Which airports will I be using when flying from San Francisco to Seattle? San Francisco and Seattle are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave San Francisco from San Francisco and will be arriving at Seattle/Tacoma Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Francisco to Seattle? Alaska Airlines, Delta, and American Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Francisco to Seattle flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Seattle? The Embraer 175 (Enhanced Winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to Seattle flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Seattle? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between San Francisco and Seattle, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from San Francisco to Seattle? There are nonstop flights from San Francisco to Seattle on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Seattle, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Seattle are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $198 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $188 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Seattle? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Seattle. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Seattle? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Seattle from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Seattle? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Seattle with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and SEA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Seattle? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Seattle from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to Seattle Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $139 or less one-way and $208 or less round-trip. Multiple airlines run several lounges at San Francisco International Airport (SFO), including the American Airlines Admirals Club and Delta Sky Club. If you’ll be flying aboard United Airlines, you’ll depart via Terminal 3. You’ll find the Admirals Club in Concourse F (inside security). As a member, you’ll enjoy priority access, fast clearance at security desks, and a better connection to your next destination. Those departing to Seattle should know that there are four terminals at Francisco International Airport (SFO). The main International Terminal is separated from the rest, which serves domestic flights. You can quickly move from one terminal to the next via AirTrain, which makes regular runs every 5-15min. Still, there are walkways for those who don’t mind footing between the terminals. If you have excess bags you want to leave behind, remember that San Francisco International Airport (SFO) provides lockers for their safe storage. These facilities are located in the Departures Hall of the International Terminal (gates G91-G102). It might be helpful to check with the attendants on the time limits and fees. San Francisco International Airport (SFO) features different parking levels to meet every traveler's needs. If you intend to drop off your car before your voyage from SFO to Seattle, you won’t have a shortage of options. If you prefer long-term, off-site parking, locate it just north of the terminals, and AirTrain Blue Line will get you there. It departs at 5-15-min intervals. Numerous credit unions and banks run their ATM booths at San Francisco International Airport (SFO). Therefore, if you want to recharge your ATMs before flying out to Seattle, you’ll have many options. For instance, Bank of America has an ATM at the Terminal Main Hall, Departures Level, Marketplace G. What trip to the San Francisco area is complete without a bit of wine tasting? If you missed out this trip, or you did not get your fill, then SF Uncork'd is just what the doctor ordered. Located in Terminal 3 near Gate 85 in San Francisco International Airport, this bar offers a large selection of all varieties of wines by the glass, including a unique selection of wine flights. One unique business you usually do not find at an airport comes the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art Store, located in the International Terminal of San Francisco International Airport. Not only is this a great place to just browse and wonder, it also features great gifts and even offers excellent coffee. Who does not love a brand new gadget or the latest piece of technology? If this sounds like you, then InMotion Entertainment is just your type of place. Located in the International Terminal of San Francisco International Airport, this store features headphones, cameras, and travel solutions like backpacks and travel pillows. When looking for a Seattle hotel that is both convenient and affordable, there may be no better choice than the Hilton Seattle Airport & Conference Center. This hotel features a 24-hour complimentary airport shuttle service, is close to the rail station that can quickly bring you to downtown Seattle, has two separate business centers with free WiFi and remote printing, and houses a fitness center with whirlpool. What says Seattle better than a booming and lively music scene? This is just as true at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, where you will find the Sub Pop Store. Imagine having a complete record store tucked away in an airport -- that is what you will find at Sub Pop. Located in the Central Terminal of Seattle Tacoma International Airport, this store may enchant you so much you may forget to ever leave the airport. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Francisco to Seattle/Tacoma Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from San Francisco to Seattle/Tacoma Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Francisco to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Tuesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +24 more ANA, Aeromexico, +25 more 23 24 Wednesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air China, +26 more ANA, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Thursday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Friday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Saturday ANA, Aeromexico, Air China, +27 more ANA, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Sunday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Seattle/Tacoma Intl to San Francisco Search Flights Monday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +26 more ANA, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Tuesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +24 more ANA, Aeromexico, +25 more 23 24 Wednesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air China, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Thursday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +26 more ANA, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Friday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Saturday ANA, Aeromexico, Air China, +28 more ANA, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Sunday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Seattle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Seattle. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Seattle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 90crew 78food 84comfort 87boarding 80entertainment 86overall Airline reviews Cons: "Flight read delayed almost a full hour. My 11 year old daughter has to sit by herself as we were unable to get seats near one and other." Cons: "Flight read delayed almost a full hour. My 11 year old daughter has to sit by herself as we were unable to get seats near one and other." Cons: "the original flight was cancelled. the replacement flight was delayed. then we sat on the runway with no updates for almost 40 minutes. and we landed a half hour after the predicted landing time of 115p with no announcements to keep us updated. the woman next to me was stressing because of a connect" Cons: "Southwest crews are usually nice or funny but our male attendant was a grump, giving everyone distainful looks as he took drink orders and not uttering a single other word to us. No one seemed to be in a good mood on this crew except for the other guy waving goodbye to us as we deplaned." Pros: "Their sense of humor and safety first." Cons: "My suitcase was soaked like it had been left out in the rain but my other one was dry. Delayed due to mechanical error for three hours then had to taxi back to gate for weather advisory. I was so tired that I couldn’t relax." Pros: "From car rental to the gate in 20 minutes Every detail went well" Cons: "Our flight was cancelled and we had to wait 8 hours to get another flight" Pros: "Comfy pre-next gen seats. WiFi did not work on this plane. Low clouds at SFO = 2 hour delay." Cons: "delayed 3 times up to 2 hours then advanced take off time after we went to restaurant to get food, and had to rush to get on the plane." Pros: "Quick, friendly, easy boarding, not a full flight, no turbulence, touch down was smooth and quick to the gate." Pros: "Flight was expedient (we landed early), crew was friendly, bags of peanuts, the captain on the second flight was funny and enjoyable after a long day of traveling." Cons: "It's been a while since I flew Southwest, I had forgotten how cramped their seating was (I'm 6'1"), how they don't do assigned seating, which would be fine if I was flying alone, but it created a headache in flying with my wife (who stresses about those sort of things) and a child in a leg cast. The first flight was also extremely bumpy in the first 5 minutes. I've been flying for about 32 years now and never had any worry about planes, but I remember getting nervous for that first 5 minutes (though, that was the second flight I've taken with my family, so I may have been a bit more critical for that factor alone). After that though, it was fine, but there was never an announcement about turbulence or something to ease my worries, so I guess I was a bit nervous." Pros: "The pilot went around to passengers and apologized foe delay." Cons: "3 plus hours of delay????" Pros: "Seats were very comfortable and they provided free movies with a seat console for a 2-hour flight. Great!" Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "Dirty cabin, dirty glass, worn out carpet, seats falling apart, filthy privacy crew drapes. The CEO needs to be more hands on and do random inspections." Pros: "Smooth ride" Cons: "Left a little late so our flight was a bit late landing in return" Pros: "Great entertainment system, great selection of movies. Comfortable and well kept up plane." Cons: "Controls for entertainment system were often broken. Flight boarded late. Few vegan snacks available." Pros: "Check in was easy. I love the way you can order from the screen infront of your seat food and drinks. In addition; you can select movies. Everyone was very nice and professional. I usually fly with jetBlue, but today I was so impressed I am considering changing." Cons: "If there was a less than one star that is what they deserve. SFO flight was late. They gave away my seat on my connection to Kalispell. They basically blamed me for being late and not being there on time. Two others from my flight were allowed to make the connection but told me that they gave my seat away because I was late. We all showed up at the same time from the late flight. I talked to 3 people including customer service and did not get a single “I’m Sorry”. Do they not communicate with each other when a flight is late and they have passengers for connections running late? They told me they don’t talk. The best they can do is put me standby for 9:30 flight and if I cannot get on that flight I have to wait until morning. My daughter is in a competition tomorrow morning and thanks to Alaska Airlines I’m going to miss it. I’m sitting here writing this review, paying for a dinner I should not be paying for and probably searching out a hotel room until morning when I can catch a flight. Unbelievable the lack of empathy." Pros: "On time, efficient boarding." Cons: "During flight, the flight attendant would not fill my travel coffee mug with coffee. It seems about 50/50. Sometimes they fill it up, other times they do not. I wish it was more reliable, one way or the other." Pros: "not too much" Cons: "We made it to the gate with a good 10 minutes before take off. They did not call our names on the overhead because we were nearby the gate. But when we approached them at the gate counter, I heard the radio saying that our flight was pushing back. WTF?? Luckily they were able to get us on the next flight an hour later. But still, not impressed." Cons: "I was rerouted at the last minute to another airport. Late taking off. No food on board. They were sold out on another flight." Pros: "Crew was solid." Cons: "Don’t change my seat. Not on time. No food. Luggage with legally checked firearm sent to the wrong airport." Cons: "Crew was abrasive and put off by people asking for service. Monitors had to be rebooted 3 times. Ran out of water and snacks." Pros: "Decent entertainment options and snack offerings." Cons: "Last 6-8 rows were vacant and for some reason Someone was still seated directly next to me. Why on earth the flight attendants (otherwise great) didn’t make an announcement that there was no need to share a row and encourage people to spread out is beyond me. I mean this is the only flight I can remember in a decade that wasn’t nearly or fully booked, you’d think they’d emphasize that. Instead I got to be trapped like it was a full flight next to a guy with no concept of personal space." Pros: "Smooth, efficient and timely." Cons: "Seats weren’t assigned until at the gate even though checked in 18 hours before. Bag drop was horrible. No self service. Was inline for about 45 minutes." Pros: "delayed, switched to another flight, delayed 3 times...crossed the border at 1am...terrible experience overall" Cons: "everything" Pros: "Good flight as always with Delta. Sat in economy comfort, so of course the seats was comfortable. Flight Attendants were great." Pros: "Check in person was very helpful in rerouting our flight." Cons: "Our flight was delayed 3-1/2 hours. The gate crew booked us in another flight but did not issue a ticket, so after transferring to another terminal, we were sent back to the Delta terminal to be issued a ticket to a third airline since we already missed the second flight. Then, they lost our luggage" Cons: "My monitor isn’t really working after rebooted. And the audio hole wasn’t tight enough" Pros: "free movies on the flight" Cons: "The check-in process at SFO airport was poorly managed." Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" The seats were very comfortable. However the meal on the transatlantic portion of the trip was not very good, even by airline food standards. They made my minor daughter leave the area and go back though security during a flight connection with her checked luggage Pros: "Cleanliness of the plane Great crew" Cons: "More information about when to check-in and seat selection. We checked-in 24 hours before, and most seats were already filled." Pros: "Crew was great" Cons: "No entertainment at all, read the brochure a few times" Cons: "My seats were preassigned and at 24 hour check In you have to pay to change from economy to economy into a available seat. Make no sense and is rude. Very disappointed in WestJet and I’m anElite member." Pros: "The crew took care of my wife and I when our flights were accidently cancelled. Literally were the last people on the plane. It was unbelievable to see their efforts and patience. Completely grateful." Cons: "flight was delayed 2 hours, could have been some better communication on the delay" Pros: "Flights arrived early, boarding was very smooth" Cons: "Kids on the flight were extremely disruptive despite flight attendants’ attempts to get them settled down" Pros: "Comfortable seats. Nice staff." Cons: "Poor entertainment. I usually watch movies on my iPad but there was no wifi and the available TV shows were not to my taste, the screens were small and not clear. The magazine was boring, no games to play. Flight delayed an hour for no apparent reason." Pros: "Quick to get on and off the plane. Crew was very professional." Cons: "The plane was cramped and very warm. I turned on the air overhead and it didn’t make a difference." Cons: "The flight comfort was very bad. The plane was extremely warm and people we beginning to feel bad. Several mentioned it and asked multiple times to have the the cabin air conditioning turned down" Cons: "The gate agents called all boarding groups with the boarding queue extending the entire length of the jet bridge and into the terminal beyond the gate area, making us stand in line ten to fifteen minutes longer for no reason." Cons: "It would’ve been nice if we made it to fort Meyers!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The seat assignments based on loyalty status - rude gate agents" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Took off 40 minutes late, rude attendants, very hot on plane, no apologies from staff for being late. Worst flight in a long time." Cons: "I could not pre-check or request different seats on the CP website. I think that this was because of issues with the website, apparently due to IT system communication between American Airlines and Cathay Pacific.......on all six flights. On the transfer in San Francisco, Customs was closed when we arrived in San Francisco and we had to haul all of our baggage from one terminal to the other. There was no direction on how to handle this issue of Customs being closed while on the flight to San Francisco. I had to explain the issue of to the CP customer service crew in SF. The CP desk and they had never heard of it. American Airlines was equally poorly trained. I will also say that while at the CP customer service, there were three young adult males that we're not busy at the time and the watched us unload the baggage carts onto the scales and conveyor and then reloaded on to the carts to push to the AA terminal. We handled the bags two additional times because the CP staff did not know what to do and how to handle it. Other passengers were confused as well." Cons: "Flight attendendant were unfriendly,she missed my dinner ,I had to call her so she bring my dinner!" Pros: "Smooth flight, pilots were friendly. It was a nice flight" Cons: "We thought we were going to be flying on British Airways American Airways." Pros: "Friendly and helpful crew." Cons: "Not sure why American would fly a plane across the country with no electrical outlets, entertainment options, or food beyond snacks." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Seattle Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Seattle found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/15Mon 1 stop 11h 42mSFO-SEA $46 Search 1/28Sun 1 stop 10h 12mSFO-SEA $47 Search 2/17Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 14mSFO-SEA $58 Search 2/3Sat nonstopDelta 2h 15mSFO-SEA $59 Search 1/21Sun nonstopDelta 2h 27mSFO-SEA $67 Search 5/3Fri 1 stopAlaska Airlines 6h 53mSFO-SEA $83 Search 1/4Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 11h 09mSFO-SEA $114 Search 5/17Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 8h 00mSFO-SEA $154 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 17h 45mSFO-SEA $197 Search 1/15Mon 2 stopsUnited Airlines 23h 08mSFO-SEA $224 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAlaska AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$50 or less$60 or less$80 or less$150 or less$220 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Seattle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Seattle that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stop 11h 35mSFO-SEA 12/7Thu multi-stop 7h 32mSEA-SFO $168 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 11h 35mSFO-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stop 7h 49mSEA-SFO $181 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 54mSFO-SEA 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 11h 05mSEA-SFO $217 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 12h 38mSFO-SEA 12/6Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 19mSEA-SFO $349 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 21mSFO-SEA 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 17h 03mSEA-SFO $358 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 19mSFO-SEA 12/4Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 5h 17mSEA-SFO $382 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 45mSFO-SEA 12/11Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 14mSEA-SFO $392 Search 12/3Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 17mSFO-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 10mSEA-SFO $412 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 2h 19mSFO-SEA 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 2h 09mSEA-SFO $478 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 2h 19mSFO-SEA 12/8Fri multi-stopDelta 5h 01mSEA-SFO $488 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAmerican AirlinesAlaska AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$180 or less$350 or less$380 or less$410 or less$490 or less San Francisco - Seattle Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: Seattle (SEA)United States Return flight deals: Seattle - San Francisco Cabin classes: $350 First Class flights to Seattle $330 Business Class flights to Seattle $338 Prem Econ Class flights to Seattle $118 Economy Class flights to Seattle Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $90Flights from San Francisco to Seattle Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Washington » Seattle $90Flights to Seattle, Seattle Compare transportation modes for San Francisco to Seattle Average price Average duration Flights $768 2h 15m Trains $210 0h 00m Buses $208 32h 30m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Seattle flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Seattle from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Seattle from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.