Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to Atlanta from $24 | (ORD - ATL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ORD - ATL Find cheap flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta from $24 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/16. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Atlanta These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Atlanta, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Atlanta, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from O'Hare Intl to Atlanta?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from O'Hare Intl to Atlanta that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:31 pm - 12:44 amORD-ATL 2h 13mnonstop 6:00 am - 7:17 amATL-ORD 2h 17mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Wed, Jan 24 9:31 pm - 12:44 amORD-ATL 2h 13mnonstop 6:00 am - 7:17 amATL-ORD 2h 17mnonstop $39Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Wed, Jan 24 6:10 pm - 9:28 pmORD-ATL 2h 18mnonstop 6:05 am - 7:22 amATL-ORD 2h 17mnonstop $43Frontier Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Tue, Jan 9 6:17 pm - 9:32 pmORD-ATL 2h 15mnonstop 6:00 am - 7:17 amATL-ORD 2h 17mnonstop $45Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Sun, Jan 21 9:31 pm - 12:44 amORD-ATL 2h 13mnonstop 6:00 am - 7:17 amATL-ORD 2h 17mnonstop $48Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sun, Jan 28 8:34 pm - 11:45 pmORD-ATL 2h 11mnonstop 7:50 am - 9:02 amATL-ORD 2h 12mnonstop $53Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Dec 9 - Tue, Dec 12 8:34 pm - 11:45 pmORD-ATL 2h 11mnonstop 6:15 am - 7:29 amATL-ORD 2h 14mnonstop $56 Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Wed, Dec 20 8:34 pm - 11:45 pmORD-ATL 2h 11mnonstop 6:15 am - 7:29 amATL-ORD 2h 14mnonstop $61 Find Deal Sat, Dec 9 - Mon, Dec 11 8:34 pm - 11:45 pmORD-ATL 2h 11mnonstop 9:30 am - 6:14 pmATL-ORD 9h 44m1 stop $72Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Tue, Dec 19 7:59 pm - 11:05 pmORD-ATL 2h 06mnonstop 7:32 pm - 8:30 pmATL-ORD 1h 58mnonstop $183Delta Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Wed, Dec 20 Show more results Flights from O'Hare Intl to Atlanta - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from O'Hare Intl to Atlanta to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Atlanta? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Atlanta is January, where tickets cost $105 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are November and December, where the average cost of tickets is $195 and $171 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Atlanta? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Atlanta, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 85 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta were found on Frontier ($38) and Spirit Airlines ($53). Frontier proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $24. Which airlines fly most frequently between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Atlanta? United Airlines connects Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta up to 4 flights per day, followed by Delta (2 flights per day), and American Airlines (one flight per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Atlanta? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Atlanta. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Atlanta. They are: American Airlines, Delta, Frontier, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $36 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Atlanta per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 14 nonstop flights that take off from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and land in Atlanta, with an average flight time of 2h 04m. The most common departure time is 5:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 68 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Atlanta? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta take? Direct flights cover the 606 miles separating Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta in about 2h 01m. What’s the earliest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport at 5:36 am and will be landing in Atlanta at 8:39 am. What’s the latest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Atlanta jets off at 9:10 pm and lands at 12:20 am. Good to know Low season January High season December Cheapest flight $24 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 24% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 8% increase in price. Flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta When to book flights from O'Hare Intl to Atlanta Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from O'Hare Intl to Atlanta based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta flights Is there public transportation to O’Hare International Airport from downtown Chicago? Yes. You can use the Blue Line bus that runs directly to O'Hare International Airport. The bus is usually available any time of day and goes to downtown Chicago from the airport every 45 minutes. The bus station is located on the lower level that connects directly to terminals 1, 2, and 3. You can also reach it via a free airport shuttle train from terminal 5. Where do I park while dropping a person off at Chicago O’Hare International Airport? The cell phone lot allows drivers to park for free while waiting for friends, family, or business companions to arrive, collect their luggage, and then call to be picked up at the curb. If you arrive early, these comfortable waiting places eliminate the need to circle the airport multiple times. The use of the cell phone lot also reduces traffic and congestion in the arrivals area. Does Atlanta International Airport provide any rest areas for disabled and special needs travelers? Atlanta International Airport has a multi-sensory room that provides a supportive and tranquil atmosphere for children with autism. The room is located in a peaceful area on esplanade F's exit level. It has a water sculpture, a ball pit, a tactile activity panel, and other things that children can play with to help them relax and get ready for their trip. Where do I collect checked luggage at Atlanta International Airport? If you have checked bags and arrive at Atlanta Airport, head to baggage claim and look for the carousel that corresponds to your trip. There may be two flights on the same carousel in some situations. If you're flying from another country and your connecting flight is domestic, you'll need to go through the immigration process before re-checking your baggage. Do I need a passport to fly between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Atlanta? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta flight route: American Airlines, Delta, Cape Air, JetBlue, British Airways, and Finnair. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta? The Airbus A319 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta? oneworld, Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Atlanta, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta? There are nonstop flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Chicago to Atlanta, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Chicago to Atlanta are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $230 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $235 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Atlanta from Chicago O'Hare Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Atlanta with an airline and back to Chicago O'Hare Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and ATL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Atlanta? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Atlanta from Chicago O'Hare Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ORD to Atlanta Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $67 or less one-way and $146 or less round-trip. Nursing parents can utilize the Mamava lactation pods available at terminals 1, 2, and 3 in Chicago O’Hare Airport (ORD). There are also designated parent rooms in all the terminals which have outlets and baby changing stations to make nursing comfortable. If you need a quiet, clean place to take care of your baby, look for one of these rooms or pods. If you were not able to charge your devices before travel, you can use the power stations at Chicago O’Hare Airport located at different areas of terminals 1, 2, 3, and 5. Each of these power stations has a seating area, as well as one wheelchair-accessible workstation. Families traveling with children can use the Family Lounge at O'Hare Airport, which is located in terminal 2 and provides a specific space for children to play. There is comfortable seating, charging outlets, and stroller parking for those traveling with an infant. If you wish to hire a car at Atlanta International Airport (ATL), proceed to the Rental Car Center which is connected to the domestic terminal and parking lot by the electrical SkyTrain and to the international terminal by bus. You'll be able to pick up your reserved car here or arrange for a rental. Don't worry about forgetting where you are parked at ATL. You can scan the QR code printed near your parking space, mark your location, or take a photo of the vehicle and the surroundings as a reminder to make it simpler to find your vehicle when you return. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Chicago O'Hare Intl to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson? Find which airlines fly direct from O'Hare Intl to Hartsfield-Jackson, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Chicago O'Hare Intl to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +24 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +25 more 23 24 Tuesday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +26 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +27 more 25 26 Wednesday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +24 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +25 more 23 24 Thursday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +26 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +27 more 25 26 Friday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +25 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +26 more 24 25 Saturday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +26 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +27 more 25 26 Sunday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +25 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +26 more 24 25 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Chicago O'Hare Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +25 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +26 more 24 25 Tuesday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +27 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +28 more 26 27 Wednesday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +25 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +26 more 24 25 Thursday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +27 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +28 more 26 27 Friday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +26 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +27 more 25 26 Saturday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +27 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +28 more 26 27 Sunday ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +26 more ANA, Aerolineas Argentinas, +27 more 25 26 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to Atlanta See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Chicago to Atlanta. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to Atlanta? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14227 reviews 84comfort 90crew 87boarding 78food 80entertainment 86overall Airline reviews Pros: "I almost got a chance to sleep." Cons: "One of the people with a crying baby in the seat behind me decided to sit in the seat next to me. I just wanted to sleep. It was a miserable experience for me." Pros: "I almost got a chance to sleep." Cons: "One of the people with a crying baby in the seat behind me decided to sit in the seat next to me. I just wanted to sleep. It was a miserable experience for me." Pros: "The crew was great and the flight was OK...there were some bumps along the way." Cons: "The seat could have been a bit more comfortable." Cons: "We sat at the gate for nearly 2 1/2 hours after boarding flight Atlanta to Orlando! Very poor explanation and it was very hot on the airplane!" Pros: "The crew got us situated and ready to take off very quickly to make up for a slow start!" Pros: "Crew was funny and had a sense of humor, especially regarding the safety instructions." Cons: "Free Wifi. Paying for it is silly as ticket prices are expensive anyways." Pros: "I was really comfortable and pleased with the amenities. Free WiFi chat and movies." Cons: "Nothing! I’ll be choosing Southwest as my primary airline now." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "If there’s a “medical emergency” at the gate, 20 minutes BEFORE we board, maybe don’t let the person board before everyone else, then proceed with the medical evaluation and subsequent escorting the person back off the flight. Someone should’ve known that that person wasn’t fit for a cross country" Pros: "Flight attendants are always friendly and do their best to make everyone happy." Pros: "Free checked bags" Cons: "No WiFi at all on plane for 4 hr flight?? That means no flight tracker, movies, or shows... Lots of turbulence throughout most of flight. Late leaving gate. All free snacks are high carb, high sugar/ fat." Pros: "Free bags. Decent price, the crew was nice. Good wifi." Cons: "Very, Very full flight. Usual Southwest trip, people saving seats." Cons: "My luggage was torn and half of my stuff is missing from my bag" Cons: "Everything could have been better. Flight delayed 3 hours due to JetBlue schedule mismanagement. No consideration for elderly when we had to change gates across airport. Poor communication on flight updates. And then as a perk to make up for delays, tried to sell us a credit card. Just Awful." Cons: "1. Getting checked-in and a seat assignment, with my initial check-in with Iceland Air. 2. Getting a seat assignment before I arrived at the departure gate. 3. Having a Jet Blue employee at the baggage re-check counter." Cons: "The planes are incredibly outdated. The flight was delayed due to maintenance issues and I see why! The life vests under the seat were falling down and sliding all around the floor. It was a mess." Pros: "spacious seats and very comfortable as well. easy boarding" Cons: "a little too cold on the plane from FLL to Atlanta" Pros: "The food was very good they had flat screen TVs by every seat brand new plane!" Cons: "The crew weren’t amazing" Pros: "crew was supportive. wifi in the flight" Cons: "the wait time and the boarding, off boarding of the flight. No electricity in the aircraft." Pros: "More leg room Affordable prices Snacks dunkin donut coffee Pleasant flight attendant Punctuality" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "The crew talked a big game. They were ready for anything, including loss of cabin pressure, paid snacks, and even a water landing." Cons: "No water landing! I was excited to float around on a hot day, go down an awesome slide, and catch some sick waves, but come on people, we never even got a chance!" Pros: "Easy boarding, friendly staff, nice choice of snacks and beverages. The JetBlue app is very useful." Cons: "My in flight entertainment never worked. All I had available to look at was the JetBlue commercial channel showing me all of the entertainment I wasn’t able to watch. Not even the live view map worked. One of the attendants said something about resetting the system but I didn’t notice a change. I said something to one of the attendants a little later and she tried doing a reset again, but still no success. I could see other screens working fine and people were watching various programs while I just stared at a static map of the continental United States. Oh well, at least I was able to stream Netflix because of the free inflight WiFi." Delta airlines charge $ 30,oo US DOLLARS for the check in for a suitcase in the baggage hold Cons: "Given we left at 7:15 am, I would’ve liked some food options instead of biscuits and peanuts" Pros: "I had heard about limited food options during covid flights but everything was tasty and generous. I always appreciate it when my initial flight books my check-in to my final stop and gives me all my boarding passes at once and Delta did just that. They were also really good at communicating updates like changes to the gate." Cons: "People should just be prepared to be asked more questions than usual. It can definitely make you feel nervous but just remember that the new covid restrictions are stressful for flight staff just as much as they are stressful for you. Be cooperative and honest and you shouldn't have any problems." Pros: "Delta flight took extra precaution to keep all passengers safe before during and after the flight. They communicate effectively during the flight. I will be flying Delta again and again." Cons: "The trip was great" Pros: "Everything. Food, staff, checking in. All were great" Cons: "Would have preferred they let me choose a window seat. I wasn’t given the option" Pros: "Crew was very kind and entertainment was good when available" Cons: "WiFi in all flights" Pros: "Crew was great as always. Friendly and professional" Cons: "We had a delay that complicated our getting home but all ended up OK" Cons: "My flight from Chicago was two hours late and that's why I missed the flight from Atlanta to Buenos Aires. No one helped and did not know that the flight was delayed and I had to find a place to sleep. I'm not satisfied with the experience and I have not yet arrived in Argentina because of the whole" Pros: "N/A" Cons: "Chinese Eastern did not try to help and solve my problem." Pros: "First time flying into Daytona and it was super easy." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "The ground crew and flight crew were great." Cons: "Would have appreciated easier steps (lower risers) for boarding. Arthritic knee makes it hard for me to manage the high risers between steps. Also having armrests would have made the flight more comfortable." Pros: "I loved the small craft and easy boarding." Cons: "Flight is a little slower with a smaller plane, but that was expected." Pros: "So fast and friendly crew. So much easier to fly to Morgantown, instead of driving. Plus the views from above are so great." Cons: "Flight could not be better for a commuter connection." Pros: "Awesome crew. Simple check-in and boarding. Beautiful, scenic views. A+!" Pros: "Flight was on time and super smooth. No baggage hassles and as we weren't completely full, I actually had leg room. Pilots and airline staff were super professional and courteous. Beats driving any day!" Cons: "No cons" Pros: "Exactly what I needed, decently priced flight to save hours of drive-time and minimal headache. Yep - smaller plane, smaller airport but anyone not knowing that will be shocked by many other facts in life. Friendly staffers on sire as well as in the cockpit. Well pleased!" Pros: "No long lines. Easy to talk with pilots. If you make it, your baggage will make it!" Cons: "Small plane is a little more subject to bumps and turbulence." Pros: "I was so upset, tired of being lied to and running through airports to make a connecting flight, I can't think of anything I liked." Cons: "Since I bought my tickets through Kayak, when my flight was canceled the night before I was to leave, it took Hours to get the ticket problem straightened out with me on an earlier flight. I was called back by Kayak minutes after I finally got off the phone to be told That flight was now canceled. Another hour on the phone to get to a 3rd flight arranged. I arrived early and saw everyone sitting around, went to the counter to be told this flight was now delayed. Also was told that the EARLIER Flight I had been changed to, Went off on Time! So I was Lied to. Waited hours as they moved the departure time 4 times! Went through an agonizing security search. Took an hour in a freezing plane to get to Pittsburgh. Missed my flight OF Course and had to pay money for a ticket change and go stand by, barely getting on a connecting flight. I call it the Travel Day From Hell!!!" Pros: "Not being a person that likes flying this was the coolest experience I ever had. All I had on my mined was to get to Pittsburgh to see my daughter. Didn't know what to expect when I got to Lancaster but it was really easy. I'm going to do it again. Hour and a half plan ride is better then 15 hour drive" Cons: "Really can't think of anything. I should up 2 hours early to figure out what I need to do and everyone from southern airlines and the TSA took care of everything." Cons: "Return flight home was cancelled and not communicated. Poor customer service to find out about a refund. Never flying with southern again." Pros: "The fact that no one sat next to me believe me it was not a my choice there was just not a body to put in the seat" Cons: "The staff was not friendly or say hello or goodbye" Pros: "Really easy boarding and flight. Great in flight entertainment options." Pros: "Flight attendants were friendly and thoughtful." Cons: "Seating is too tight. Hard to believe that in 2019, major airlines still have seats without any electrical or UBS outlets for charging devices." Cons: "The flight was delayed by over 3 hrs! As a result I missed work!" Pros: "Crew was great." Cons: "Plane was about 1000 years old and I don’t think I’ve sat in a more uncomfortable seat." Pros: "That I was able to charge my phone and watch my own movies... That’s it" Cons: "Better Temperature control" Cons: "I was apparently "flagged" by British Airways for extra security checks. As I understood it in London, I was randomly selected for this security check. This then apparently meant that I was to be flagged for all subsequent flights. This meant that in Chicago, after going through two other security checks that day (Zurich and London) and completing customs, I had to engage in a full Homeland security check. This involved removing protective covers from my laptop and phone that were hard to get off (not meant to be taken off regularly) and a full body search that I did not have to do in London. After many hours of traveling, this was very a frustrating experience." Pros: "Flight crew was great. The plane was half full, so the attendants allowed us to move." Cons: "Terrible landing in Charlotte. The plane was rattling and had an annoying whistle." Pros: "Included drink and pretzels. Free carry on and seat." Cons: "First of all, the line to check in was extremely long and the employees were rude. When I put my bags through the check out they stopped me and said I had to throw away my cologne because it was too large. However, on the Spirit Airlines I had no problem whatsoever. Will never fly with American Airlines again!" Cons: "British Airways/American Airlines lost/delayed luggage again! Then send an email in the middle of night with a link to schedule home delivery of the luggage that was valid for 4 hours only. It is clearly an attempt to cheat out of their responsibility of home delivery of the luggage that was delayed the second time. Poor, poor service by American Airlines." Southwest8.4 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Southern / Mokulele7.4 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Chicago to Atlanta Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Chicago to Atlanta found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/16Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 18mORD-ATL $24 Search 12/18Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 11mORD-ATL $25 Search 1/7Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 10mORD-ATL $26 Search 1/22Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 13mORD-ATL $27 Search 12/30Sat nonstopDelta 2h 06mORD-ATL $79 Search 12/21Thu nonstopDelta 1h 55mORD-ATL $89 Search 12/15Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 21mORD-ATL $114 Search 12/24Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 40mORD-ATL $137 Search 1/13Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 17h 38mORD-ATL $197 Search 3/4Mon 2 stopsUnited Airlines 11h 45mORD-ATL $208 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$90 or less$140 or less$210 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to Atlanta Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Chicago to Atlanta that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 11mORD-ATL 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 12mATL-ORD $67 Search 12/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 08mORD-ATL 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 12mATL-ORD $68 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 11mORD-ATL 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 12mATL-ORD $70 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 18mORD-ATL 12/11Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 14mATL-ORD $78 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 18mORD-ATL 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 14mATL-ORD $88 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 11mORD-ATL 12/8Fri nonstop 2h 14mATL-ORD $96 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 11mORD-ATL 12/8Fri nonstop 2h 14mATL-ORD $99 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 57mORD-ATL 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 33mATL-ORD $278 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 2h 04mORD-ATL 12/7Thu nonstopDelta 1h 56mATL-ORD $309 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 6h 16mORD-ATL 12/7Thu nonstopDelta 2h 08mATL-ORD $318 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$70 or less$80 or less$100 or less$280 or less$320 or less Chicago O'Hare Airport - Atlanta Flights Departure: Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD)United States Destination: Atlanta (ATL)United States Return flight deals: Atlanta - Chicago O'Hare Airport Cabin classes: $398 First Class flights to Atlanta $764 Business Class flights to Atlanta $375 Prem Econ Class flights to Atlanta $43 Economy Class flights to Atlanta Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $35Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Atlanta Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $35Flights to Atlanta, Atlanta Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Atlanta flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Atlanta from Chicago O'Hare Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Atlanta from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.