Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Seattle from $30 | (LAX - SEA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - SEA Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Seattle from $30 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/27. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Seattle These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Seattle. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Seattle. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Seattle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to Seattle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:47 pm - 10:40 amLAX-SEA 11h 53m1 stop 6:41 pm - 10:50 pmSEA-LAX 4h 09m1 stop $57Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Tue, Mar 5 11:36 pm - 9:58 amLAX-SEA 10h 22m1 stop 9:42 am - 6:00 pmSEA-LAX 8h 18m1 stop $62Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Thu, Jan 11 12:35 pm - 9:10 pmLAX-SEA 8h 35m1 stop 8:07 pm - 6:54 amSEA-LAX 10h 47m1 stop $65Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 7 - Wed, Feb 14 6:00 am - 9:00 amLAX-SEA 3h 00mnonstop 12:10 pm - 2:59 pmSEA-LAX 2h 49mnonstop $113Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Wed, Jan 10 9:59 am - 1:00 pmLAX-SEA 3h 01mnonstop 3:20 pm - 6:03 pmSEA-LAX 2h 43mnonstop $118Delta Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Wed, Feb 21 6:00 am - 8:58 amLAX-SEA 2h 58mnonstop 11:44 am - 7:04 pmSEA-LAX 7h 20m1 stop $138Alaska Airlines Find Deal Tue, Mar 5 - Wed, Mar 6 8:15 am - 3:29 pmLAX-SEA 7h 14m1 stop 6:33 am - 9:17 amSEA-LAX 2h 44mnonstop $139United Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Sun, Jan 14 6:35 am - 8:37 pmLAX-SEA 14h 02m1 stop 12:00 pm - 2:50 pmSEA-LAX 2h 50mnonstop $152Delta Find Deal Tue, Feb 20 - Wed, Feb 28 10:53 am - 1:47 pmLAX-SEA 2h 54mnonstop 2:55 pm - 5:37 pmSEA-LAX 2h 42mnonstop $160United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 15 - Thu, Feb 22 3:43 pm - 6:31 pmLAX-SEA 2h 48mnonstop 7:16 pm - 9:49 pmSEA-LAX 2h 33mnonstop $178JetBlue Find Deal Sun, May 19 - Sun, May 26 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to Seattle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to Seattle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to Seattle? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to Seattle clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Los Angeles to Seattle, look for departures on Tuesdays and avoid leaving on a Sunday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Seattle, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to Seattle? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to Seattle is October, where tickets cost $161 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and November, where the average cost of tickets is $277 and $268 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to Seattle? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to Seattle, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 86 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to Seattle? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Los Angeles to Seattle were found on Spirit Airlines ($57) and American Airlines ($90). Spirit Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $30. Which airlines fly most frequently between Los Angeles and Seattle? United Airlines connects Los Angeles to Seattle up to 4 flights per day, followed by Delta (3 flights per day), and Alaska Airlines (2 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and Seattle? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to Seattle. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Los Angeles to Seattle. They are: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with United Airlines at $78 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at United Airlines. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and Seattle per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 14 nonstop flights that take off from Los Angeles and land in Seattle, with an average flight time of 3h 01m. The most common departure time is 10:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 66 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and Seattle? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to Seattle take? A direct flight to Seattle will take on average 2h 46m to travel the 954 miles flying distance from Los Angeles. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to Seattle? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 6:00 am and will be landing in Seattle at 8:58 am. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to Seattle? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to Seattle jets off at 9:20 pm and lands at 12:23 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $30 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 11% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 4% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Seattle When to book flights from Los Angeles to Seattle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to Seattle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to Seattle Can I take public transport to LAX? Yes, there is public transportation available from downtown Los Angeles to the Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) as a way to avoid the busy traffic or parking situation. The bus service is called LAX FlyAway and departs from the city’s Union Station. The trip is more or less 35 minutes long, and you can expect the fare to be about $10. Where can I take my pets to relieve themselves at LAX Airport? Before departing out of Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) with your pet or service animal, locate one of the pet relief areas on site. Make your way to the closest relief station to your departure gate. There are ones by Gates 13, 21, 52B, and 73 in Terminals 1, 2, 5, and 7, respectively. There’s an area in the outdoor atriums of Terminals 3 and 6, and along the bridge to TBIT in Terminal 4. How can I get from Seattle-Tacoma to the Pike Place Market? Pike Place Market is one of the iconic destinations of Downtown Seattle. Once you land at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) it’s straightforward to go directly to Pike Place Market. Make your way to the Sea-Tac/Airport Light Rail Station and catch the 1-Line towards Northgate. This light rail takes about 45 minutes and leaves you just a couple of blocks away from the market. Are there any smoking areas in Seattle-Tacoma (SEA)? The Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) is a smoke-free area. So, if you wish to smoke once you’ve landed at the airport, you must locate one of the designated smoking areas. They’re all outdoors. On the departures level, it’s on the north end of the drop-off area, and on the arrivals level, there’s one on each end. There’s also a designated smoking area outside Level 1 of the parking garage. What is the best way to travel from Seattle–Tacoma International Airport to downtown Seattle? Seattle–Tacoma International Airport is located just under 15 miles from downtown Seattle. The quickest way to travel between these two locations is by taxi or rental car, and the trip takes approximately 25 minutes without any additional traffic. It is also possible to use the local train system, which takes just under 45 minutes. Does Seattle–Tacoma International Airport have any pet relief areas? If you are traveling with either a pet or service animal, you will most likely need to take them to a relief area after your flight has landed. There are currently 2 relief areas that are located outside the Main Hall of Seattle–Tacoma International Airport, as well as 3 indoor relief areas that are distributed throughout the different departure terminals. Can I store my luggage at Seattle–Tacoma International Airport? Interested in storing some of your luggage at Seattle–Tacoma International Airport? Stop by the baggage storage counter that is located in the main baggage claim. This counter offers both daily and hourly rates and can store as much luggage as you would like. What is there to do at Los Angeles International Airport? Hoping to find a way to pass the time in Los Angeles International Airport before your flight takes off? There is a Flight Path Museum located in the Main Terminal and features several exhibits related to Southern California’s aviation history. Additionally, travelers can access an Observation Deck in the Departures Wing that allows them to watch the airport’s planes take off and land. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and Seattle? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to Seattle? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to Seattle flight route: Alaska Airlines, JetBlue, American Airlines, Delta, Cape Air, and Spirit Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to Seattle? The Embraer 175 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to Seattle flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to Seattle? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and Seattle, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to Seattle? There are nonstop flights from Los Angeles to Seattle on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to Seattle, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to Seattle are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $218 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $173 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Seattle? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Seattle. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Seattle? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Seattle from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Seattle? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Seattle with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and SEA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Seattle? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Seattle from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to Seattle Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $84 or less one-way and $138 or less round-trip. In LAX you will find nursing pods near Gates 13, 21B, 45, and 64B respectively in Terminals 1, 2, 4, and 6. There is also a spot in Terminal 5 across from the food court, just past security in Terminal 7, and in Terminal 8 they’re by the restrooms. LAX supports local artists and diversity, displaying their art around the terminals. Check out the pieces of this program if you have time to spare before your flight to Seattle. For instance, in Terminal 1 there is the Floating Lady IV and in Terminal 7, The Let Go. Relax and decompress before your flight out of Los Angeles Airport boards. Visit one of the massage and relaxation areas around LAX Airport. For example, there’s the Be Relax in Terminal 1 across from Gate 11B. You may find more routes or more affordable rates when booking flights from Los Angeles (LAX) to Seattle (SEA) with a layover instead of nonstop trips. In this case, look for the Spirit Airlines flights that stop in Las Vegas (LAS) or the United Airlines journeys stopping in San Francisco (SFO). To get around Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) upon your arrival, use the SEA underground train. It’s free of charge and connects the different concourses. You’ll especially need it to get from the N and S Concourses since they are not connected to the main terminal by walkways. Interested in booking direct flights from Los Angeles to Seattle? While there are several companies to choose from, Alaskan Airlines is a particularly popular choice due to its many flight options between these two destinations as well as its complimentary snacks and drinks, comfortable chairs, and outlets found at every seat. If you plan on taking a substantial amount of luggage with you on your flight from Los Angeles to Seattle, consider booking with Southwest, as this company allows you to check up to two bags for free. However, it’s important to keep in mind that Southwest does not fly directly between Los Angeles International Airport and Seattle–Tacoma International Airport, so you will have to have a layover. Traveling to Seattle with your family? Make sure to bring the kids to Seattle–Tacoma International Airport’s play area located next to Gate A in the Central Terminal. This play area features a variety of games and activities that are a convenient way for kids to burn some energy after a day of traveling. Before you travel through Seattle–Tacoma International Airport, make sure to check the airport’s live music calendar on their website. A variety of local bands and artists are continually playing throughout the different terminals, and their performances are free for all travelers to enjoy. If you book your ticket with American Airlines, Virgin Atlantic, or Delta Airlines, make sure to see if you are eligible for free access their private lounges in Los Angeles International Airport. These lounges provide travelers with complimentary snacks, TV, and a comfortable place to relax while waiting for a flight to take off. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to Seattle/Tacoma Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to Seattle/Tacoma Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +27 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +26 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +28 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +28 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +27 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +26 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +29 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +30 more 28 29 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +28 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +26 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +29 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +30 more 28 29 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +27 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +28 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +27 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +28 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to Seattle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to Seattle. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Seattle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14227 reviews 90crew 78food 84comfort 80entertainment 86overall 87boarding Airline reviews Pros: "I liked getting off the plane" Cons: "A flight attendant was rude to me twice for no reason. It’s the first time this has ever happened wit SW" Pros: "I liked getting off the plane" Cons: "A flight attendant was rude to me twice for no reason. It’s the first time this has ever happened wit SW" Cons: "The screeching noice from the broken speaker could have been fixed" Pros: "SW always does a great job working to get you to your destination on time." Cons: "The “close the doors 10 minutes before takeoff” policy seems like it needs to be updated." Cons: "Being delayed 3 hours without any hint of remorse or compensation by staff." Cons: "This plane was one of the older versions so it took longer to board because of the lack of overhead bin space and I felt that the seats were more cramped than normal." Cons: "Flight was delayed 35 minutes after push back and collected cups/drinks within 3 minutes of giving them out." Cons: "Flight got delayed on 3 separate occasions and there was no snack or beverage service, like there normally is." Pros: "Other than WiFi, everything was great & smooth" Cons: "WiFi kept freezing so I had to go back and “Resume Playback” no airtime." Pros: "Flight attendants were super nice, non stop flight from Tampa -> LA" Cons: "Nothing. All was good" Pros: "From car rental to the gate in 20 minutes Every detail went well" Pros: "Good crew, did a good job making us feel good for a delayed late night flight." Cons: "For some reason air was never turned on. Air only seemed to flow once we were moving but sitting at the gate and once back on the ground taxing it got very hot again." Cons: "Delay on takeoff and a delay on arrival. Flight Attendants never offered headphones for purchase to watch in filght movie/TV." Pros: "Crew was good." Cons: "I really wish more airlines after boarding passengers who need assistance and priority passengers, would board back to front. Why have the back climb over every one else when we have to get all the way to the back anyhow, and I really wish more airlines would verify passengers 2 CARRY ON SIZE bags." Pros: "The in-flight crew (LAX) is always friendly and provides great customer service." Cons: "The pet relief area at Seatac airport was subpar at best. Zero ventilation in the pet area with made for a hazardous environment for both my pet and myself." Pros: "Staff was lovely, load the plane and left pretty quickly, and was overall comfortable" Cons: "Little bit of turbulence, and our plane took some time getting to the gate." Pros: "The crew was very friendly and attentive." Cons: "The flight was delayed by more than 2 hours. Other flights to Seattle by Alaska took off before us, which was frustrating to see." Pros: "Clean" Cons: "Never fly China Southern again,We missed one day by cancelation flight Los Angeles to Ghuangzhu and Ghoungzhu to Kathmandu,supposed to arrive Kathmandu on July 3rd instead arrive July 4th.waste my Vacation.I don’t recommend to anybody.very disappointed." Cons: "To start, the flight was an hour delayed. Then the pilot did a great job and made up about a half hr. But then all of that was for nothing because we sat on the tarmac for literally an hour waiting for a gate because the plane before us at that gate needed maintenance. They should've given us another gate or moved the plane that was having work done" Pros: "I am so glad that 5 of our family got the seats in a row." Cons: "Nothing." Cons: "Every single member of personnel i met from the gate agents to the flight attendants were rude and abrupt. Certainly did not understand guest service. My first time flying Alaska and I guess it was a case of “you get what you pay for”" Cons: "Two very sick people were allowed to fly and were not denied boarding during these times of Covid19. We actually had to taxi back to terminal to remove a very sick passenger. JetBlue #100 March 17, 2020 10:12 pm from Los Angeles to Fort Lauderdale." Cons: "Despite the delay of almost 3 hours (which we were informed much earlier than getting to the airport at) the plane was 40% empty so can’t complain at the end of the day" Cons: "My entertainment system wasn't working. Kept freezing and restarting. I was allowed ton switch seats, but the same thing happened on the others I tried." Pros: "It was my first experience & I couldn’t had enjoyed it more ! Words can’t explain" Cons: "Nothing everything was great" Cons: "Add Subtitles to the movies at list in English thanks Tzach" Pros: "The crew was very friendly and helpful." Cons: "The TV monitor was very small and the picture was pretty poor." Pros: "You can always count on JetBlue for good snacks and free WiFi." Cons: "But the snacks and free WiFi is not enough to payback the delayed departure experience. Just a week prior, my JetBlue flight was scheduled on time and then three things delayed thre flight for three hours right before we took off and now this! I was told it was due to needing to replace a crew member from another delayed flight. How can that affect so many people? The seat was also super uncomfortable and the back of the cushion was rolling forward, which made it hard to sit for that long. we also didn’t have a gate when we landed so that added on an extra 30minutes. Really disappointed." Pros: "Food" Cons: "The scren was not working! This was a bit upsetting at my flight was 5 hours." Pros: "The flight itself was fine. Food pricey but good enough. Seats are comfortable. WiFi is intermittent. Cabin crew basically OK." Cons: "Contradictory and incomplete texts about a 1.25 hour delay in departure time. Text should say to arrive at original time. Almost missed the flight because text did not say that. Got 2 different texts within minutes, one with incorrect info. Why did I have TSA Pre-Check status on the originating flight but not on the return flight? Not enough overhead space, and cabin crew wasn’t helpful in finding space. Flight 30 minutes late, but probably not JetBlue‘s fault." Pros: "We arrived at the airport early because we had to check out of our Hotel at 11 AM with luggage and no car, so we headed to the airport knowing there would be a 5 hours delay. Okay, we will have lunch, read a bit and we will get through this 5 hours.Then 2 hours later, we learned the flight was delayed another 3.5 hours. So almost 9 hours later, we finally flew out. $70.00 in meals plus checking our luggage for $25.00 each suitcase added up. Others were offered free checking of luggage due to limited overhead storage. Only learned of a free "snack pack" to give us some food after other passengers told us of it. It was not advertised. The plane ride was nice with a free drink and potato chip plus a free movie. We noticed that our plane was not full. We were told our plane was sent to New Mexico (State) were a plane was canceled. So, I ask why is our plane being canceled to assist another plane in New Mexico at our expense? Why were they not impacted and we were?" Cons: "We arrived at the airport early because we had to check out of our Hotel at 11 AM with luggage and no car, so we headed to the airport knowing there would be a 5 hours delay. Okay we will have lunch, read a bit and we will get through this 5 hours.Then 2 hours later, we learned the flight was delayed nearly another 4 hours. So almost 9 hours later, we finally flew out. $70.00 in meals plus checking our luggage for $25.00 each suitcase added up. Later others were offered free checking of luggage due to limited overhead storage. Only learned of a free "snack pack" to give us some food after other passengers told us of it. It was not advertised. After backing out, the plane returned due to a passenger getting onto the wrong flight. There was a guy who was supposed to be on another flight or something. How can this happen? Again another 25 minute delay. The plane ride was nice with a free drink and potato chips plus a free TV/movies. We noticed that our plane was not full. We were told our original plane was sent to New Mexico (State) were a plane was canceled. So, I ask why is our plane being canceled to assist another plane in New Mexico State at our expense? Why were they not impacted and we were? A couple was flying to Seattle to "Be with their dying son" and there was an urgency. They too had to wait nearly 4 hours more. Was the flight from New Mexico was on time? SHAME SHAME SHAME." Really liked the choice of the 4 free snack options. Crew great. Good vibe on plane. Cons: "connecting flight left without 1/6th of its passengers. Stuck at airport now because of Deltas laziness" Pros: "Good seats. Crew was not very hospitable. They went by with water and didn’t give us any. We upgraded for the complementary cocktails and my husband didn’t even get a chance to get one." Cons: "More attention especially for the upgraded seats that offer complementary things. We got better service in our economy seats on the way to LA. I wouldn’t pay extra to upgrade again." Pros: "Good flight as always with Delta. Sat in economy comfort, so of course the seats was comfortable. Flight Attendants were great." Pros: "The crew were great. A little too warm on the plane at the back of the plane and too cold at the front." Cons: "Since this was the first leg of two, the person who checked us in did not check our bags to the final destination. Then, when we went to go to check in for our second leg, they wanted to charge for our baggage again. Not cool Delta." Cons: "The boarding process at LAX was awful. I’m sure the horrible shuttle wait and transfer from terminal to terminal is the airport’s fault, but the airline did not do anywhere near enough to inform passengers of what was in store. It was confusing and annoying." Cons: "Delta delayed the flight from LAX to SLC, which subsequently made me miss the connecting flight from SLC to ORD. Completely unacceptable" Cons: "Flight was delayed more than 4 hours. I switched flights to try to beat the 4 hour delay but was still delayed 4 hours. After verifying with delta t am members that my bags had been rechecked they had not" Pros: "I travel as a professional musician. I fly with American (because many booking agencies use them) I achieved status after years of their cruel methods of forcing us to check our instruments, thinking “FINALLY, I can board without being hassled about my instrument coming onboard with me.” Nope!! They fight me every time, as if I’m some guy going on vacation and bringing my beater guitar to play on the beach. They holler every time, “SIR YOU’RE GONNA HAVE TO CHECK THAT” $6,000 worth of equipment to make space for someone’s socks. (?!?!) Today, I boarded TWO delta flights and was told, “see if it fits... if not, we can gate check it for you...” YES!!! That’s all I ask!!! Just let me TRY first! If it doesn’t fit, THEN I can’t complain! Anyway, sorry for the saga! I just want to say THANK YOU! I had peace of mind ALL day! Keep up the great work! Your staff is outstanding!!" Cons: "I didn’t like that you thought there was something I didn’t like! I’m a fan!!" Pros: "In-flight entertainment Nice crew" Cons: "The Delta seat assignment and boarding process The flight was delayed" Pros: "Clean plane, fast boarding process." Cons: "No power to charge a device. This really is unacceptable in today’s world." Cons: "Even though we pay exorbinant prices: The poorest selection of non-meat vegetarian food." Cons: "There was no entertainment at all, and pretzels are gross" Cons: "inflight entertainment wasn't working on my seat only which made my 6 hour flight seem even longer :(" Pros: "A 2 hr delay after boarding with precious little communication from the crew." Pros: "Both the departing and returning flights departed in schedule and arrived a solid half hour early. Staff was accommodating and friendly, and very helpful with me juggling luggage and a toddler by myself." Pros: "On time arrival" Cons: "No movie screens, no video screens, no charging options, no blankets, no pillows, no fun." Pros: "The flight crew were amazing!" Cons: "Gaye agent refused to let me take my medically necessary medical equipment and meds on board. She refused to look at my Dr note that TSA had no problems with after screening. It was humiliating and horrible!! I have a video ad well as statements on the flight from other passengers regarding how she treated me it was horrible!!" Pros: "Smooth flight, pilots were friendly. It was a nice flight" Cons: "It took a while day to get our bags after they decided to put it on the next flight" Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Seattle Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to Seattle found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/27Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 11h 53mLAX-SEA $30 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 11h 39mLAX-SEA $33 Search 1/13Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 00mLAX-SEA $45 Search 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 10mLAX-SEA $69 Search 12/5Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 56mLAX-SEA $74 Search 3/13Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 51mLAX-SEA $79 Search 3/1Fri nonstopDelta 2h 49mLAX-SEA $99 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopAlaska Airlines 5h 05mLAX-SEA $107 Search 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 00mLAX-SEA $124 Search 12/18Mon nonstopDelta 2h 59mLAX-SEA $144 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesAlaska AirlinesDelta Search by price$30 or less$70 or less$80 or less$110 or less$140 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Seattle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to Seattle that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 39mLAX-SEA 12/10Sun multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 24mSEA-LAX $109 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 39mLAX-SEA 12/9Sat multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 40mSEA-LAX $113 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 20mLAX-SEA 12/3Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 42mSEA-LAX $168 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 26mLAX-SEA 12/6Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 38mSEA-LAX $178 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 56mLAX-SEA 12/7Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 42mSEA-LAX $200 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 00mLAX-SEA 12/6Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 38mSEA-LAX $208 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 9h 48mLAX-SEA 12/9Sat multi-stopAlaska Airlines 6h 22mSEA-LAX $361 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 54mLAX-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopAlaska Airlines 4h 40mSEA-LAX $378 Search 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 3h 10mLAX-SEA 12/9Sat nonstopDelta 2h 47mSEA-LAX $408 Search 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 2h 59mLAX-SEA 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 2h 46mSEA-LAX $468 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesAlaska AirlinesDelta Search by price$110 or less$180 or less$210 or less$380 or less$470 or less Los Angeles - Seattle Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: Seattle (SEA)United States Return flight deals: Seattle - Los Angeles Cabin classes: $330 First Class flights to Seattle $209 Business Class flights to Seattle $265 Prem Econ Class flights to Seattle $78 Economy Class flights to Seattle Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $64Flights from Los Angeles to Seattle Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Washington » Seattle $64Flights to Seattle, Seattle Compare transportation modes for Los Angeles to Seattle Average price Average duration Flights $555 2h 48m Trains $202 33h 40m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Seattle flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Seattle from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Seattle from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.