Cheap Flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson from C$ 67 | (YXE - YYZ) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YXE - YYZ Find cheap flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport from C$ 67 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 5/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Toronto Pearson Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Saskatoon to Toronto, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Saskatoon to Toronto, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Saskatoon to Pearson Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Saskatoon to Pearson Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:30 p.m. - 11:50 p.m.YXE-YYZ 3h 20mdirect 4:00 p.m. - 6:45 p.m.YYZ-YXE 3h 45mdirect C$ 68Flair Airlines Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Thu, 8 Feb 7:30 p.m. - 11:50 p.m.YXE-YYZ 3h 20mdirect 4:00 p.m. - 6:45 p.m.YYZ-YXE 3h 45mdirect C$ 72Flair Airlines Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Thu, 25 Jan 7:30 p.m. - 11:50 p.m.YXE-YYZ 3h 20mdirect 4:00 p.m. - 5:45 p.m.YYZ-YXE 3h 45mdirect C$ 77Flair Airlines Find Deal Thu, 7 Mar - Tue, 12 Mar 7:30 p.m. - 11:50 p.m.YXE-YYZ 3h 20mdirect 4:00 p.m. - 5:45 p.m.YYZ-YXE 3h 45mdirect C$ 82Flair Airlines Find Deal Thu, 7 Mar - Tue, 19 Mar 7:30 p.m. - 11:50 p.m.YXE-YYZ 3h 20mdirect 10:15 p.m. - 12:54 a.m.YYZ-YXE 3h 39mdirect C$ 120 Find Deal Tue, 27 Feb - Wed, 6 Mar 6:30 p.m. - 11:50 p.m.YXE-YYZ 3h 20mdirect 10:15 p.m. - 11:46 p.m.YYZ-YXE 3h 31mdirect C$ 143 Find Deal Sat, 13 Apr - Sun, 21 Apr 5:00 a.m. - 10:23 a.m.YXE-YYZ 3h 23mdirect 9:20 a.m. - 11:04 a.m.YYZ-YXE 3h 44mdirect C$ 161Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 6 Apr - Sun, 14 Apr 7:05 p.m. - 12:19 a.m.YXE-YYZ 3h 14mdirect 8:00 a.m. - 9:34 a.m.YYZ-YXE 3h 34mdirect C$ 198Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 8 May - Sat, 11 May 5:15 p.m. - 12:18 a.m.YXE-YYZ 6h 03m1 stop 6:30 a.m. - 2:35 p.m.YYZ-YXE 9h 05m1 stop C$ 240WestJet Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Tue, 16 Jan 12:20 p.m. - 8:45 p.m.YXE-YYZ 7h 25m1 stop 9:00 a.m. - 4:26 p.m.YYZ-YXE 8h 26m1 stop C$ 247WestJet Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Sun, 14 Jan Show more results Flights from Saskatoon to Pearson Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Saskatoon to Pearson Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is October, where tickets cost C$ 258 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and January, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 562 and C$ 550 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, you should book around 5 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 83 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 92) and Air Canada (C$ 219). Flair Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 67. Which airlines fly direct between Saskatoon and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Flair Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 100. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Saskatoon and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 3 nonstop flights that take off from Saskatoon and land in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 3h 21m. The most common departure time is 1:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 17 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Saskatoon and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport take? A direct flight to Toronto Pearson Airport will take on average 3h 14m to travel the 3,555 km flying distance from Saskatoon. What’s the earliest departure time from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Saskatoon at 5:00 am and will be landing in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 9:23 am. What’s the latest departure time from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport jets off at 7:30 pm and lands at 11:50 pm. Good to know Low season February High season August Cheapest flight C$ 67 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 20% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 0% lower on average. Flight from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport When to book flights from Saskatoon to Pearson Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Saskatoon to Pearson Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport flights Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport? Star Alliance, oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Saskatoon and Toronto Pearson Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport? There are direct flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Saskatoon to Toronto, WestJet or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Saskatoon to Toronto are WestJet and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 420 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 479 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Toronto Pearson Airport from Saskatoon is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Toronto Pearson Airport with an airline and back to Saskatoon with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Toronto Pearson Airport from Saskatoon up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Saskatoon to Toronto Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 111 or less one-way and C$ 288 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Saskatoon to Pearson Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Avianca,Delta, +8 more Air Canada,Avianca, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Air Canada,Avianca,Cathay Pacific, +10 more Air Canada,Avianca, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Air Canada,Avianca,Emirates, +5 more Air Canada,Avianca, +6 more 4 5 Thursday Air Canada,Avianca,Delta, +9 more Air Canada,Avianca, +10 more 8 9 Friday Air Canada,Avianca,Emirates, +5 more Air Canada,Avianca, +6 more 4 5 Saturday Air Canada,Avianca,Delta, +9 more Air Canada,Avianca, +10 more 8 9 Sunday Air Canada,Avianca,Emirates, +5 more Air Canada,Avianca, +6 more 4 5 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Toronto Pearson Intl to Saskatoon Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Avianca, +8 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Air Canada,Avianca,Emirates, +3 more Air Canada,Avianca, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +7 more Air Canada,Air France, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Air Canada,Avianca,Emirates, +3 more Air Canada,Avianca, +4 more 2 3 Friday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +7 more Air Canada,Air France, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Air Canada,Avianca,Emirates, +3 more Air Canada,Avianca, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 3 airlines serving from Saskatoon to Pearson Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Saskatoon to Toronto. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Saskatoon to Pearson Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 71food 77comfort 84crew 81boarding 70entertainment 80overall Airline reviews Pros: "Very little" Cons: "Rough weather. Stopped delivering water and snacks. Seat belt off and no attempt to continue water and snacks for 20 minutes. Then started back at front again to those who had already been served once. When got to me no snacks offered. Had to ask."Read more about WestJet Pros: "Very little" Cons: "Rough weather. Stopped delivering water and snacks. Seat belt off and no attempt to continue water and snacks for 20 minutes. Then started back at front again to those who had already been served once. When got to me no snacks offered. Had to ask." Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)" Pros: "The crew was wonderful. Boarding was orderly and there was enough overhead space on this full flight. Even though the flight left later than schedule it was not a terrible delay. The overall experience was the opposite of my last flight on West Jet." Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy" Pros: "Good legroom in premium economy, power outlets at all seats" Cons: "WiFi speed was terrible" Cons: "Delays left us in the plane for almost 1 1/2 hours before leaving Toronto." Pros: "Nothing really." Cons: "The lady at the checkin desk volunteered me to check my carry on and told me that she would charge me if I didn’t comply. ( there was more than enough room on the plane for me to store it). The plane wreaked of poo the whole flight and it gave me a head ache, which my Tylenol was in my carry on that the lady forced me to check. And the flight was only supposed to be delayed 15 min, and we didn’t take off until 45 min later, which made us miss our connection. Very disappointing service/ flight from WestJet!" Cons: "For some reason, the return was in Hamilton not Toronto. Unfortunately, I noticed after I paid. Not sure why the flight wasn't from Toronto." Pros: "Easy boarding, friendly crew" Cons: "Food cart passed us because we had our head down... they must have thought we were sleeping, gum stuck in magazine, the amount of ads before watching a show" Pros: "The flight was delayed, so I was going to miss my connector. They made some calls and got me booked on a British air flight straight to my destination. Thank you!" Boarding stalled because they ran out of overhead room for carry on. Pros: "Quick boarding and takeoff" Cons: "The sound connections for the in flight entertainment was faulty. Bring your own device would be better. Seats were uncomfortable, they need replacing." Cons: "flight cancelled. had to go down to ticketing. rebooked given a $10 food voucher and told we would get a hotel room when we got to Toronto since we were getting in real late because of the delay" Pros: "Movie, but not a bit of food that we didn't have to pay for except for a tiny bag of pretzels." Cons: "Not v99j.j on direct flight from Calgary to Toronto on our way home ad we were on our way out." Pros: "Entertainment unit and comfort were standard 5/5 for both" Cons: "Boarding a massive 777 is difficult but some how other airlines do it smoother. Not sure how boarding 3 zones at once makes sense, which created a long que. Plus a delayed plane didn’t help the matter Unnecessary comments by one crew member while passengers were putting away their luggage were over heard and provided no value to the situations. Cup of noodles and a 3 tiny pieces of beef plate were provided for dinner which was very disappointing. While a typical egg breakfast and snack were also provided. Hot beverages were generally not served due to turbulence and water service during the 12hr flight was minimal." Cons: "Started off by being 40 mins delayed. Not bad, compared to the 4 hour delay I had going to Vancouver. Flight was super uncomfortable. Upon arrival to Toronto. The gate had ice on it. So we had to wait in the plane for over an hour before we could get to a gate and off the plane. And then the entire plane of people (300-400 people I believe?) had to wait for our bags to come out for TWO HOURS! Meanwhile flights from Vancouver that we’re supposed to leave after us , left before us, got there before us, and got their bags before us. Horrible trip. I could not believe how unprofessional and unprepared Air Canada and the Toronto airport was during the holidays!" Pros: "We had a very good experience with Air canada and will use Air Canada again." Pros: "Air Canada has one of the best buy on board menu's of any North American carrier. They even allow you to purchase Business Class meals (subject to availability of course). Flying on the older 767-300ER also has more shoulder and leg room than some of Air Canada's newer configurations for the 787 and 777." Cons: "Air Canada's boarding process is a bit frustrating. On American Airlines and United Flight attendants make announcements over the PA to (a) step out of the aisle to let people pass, and (b) place larger suitcases in the overhead and smaller bags under the seat. That way they try to ensure there is enough bin space to accommodate everyone. Passengers on Air Canada stuff everything in to the overhead bin and nothing under their seat, leaving little for those boarding after and delaying the flight because flight attendants are looking for bin space. If they were more pro-active, it would speed things up." Pros: "Rouge is not air Canada" Cons: "As someone who flies AC quite abit. Rouge is not AC" Cons: "In the past Air Canada has been great. This past experience makes me never want to fly again. In-flight entertainment is the worst I have ever experienced on an international airline. Entertainment options were very limited, and it didn't work for most of the flight (crew tried resetting the system, to no avail). Crew were inattentive and seemed more focused on hanging out in the back of the airplane socializing with each other. Food was terrible, and I am generally pretty easily pleased when it comes to food. Return flight was delayed twice without any announcements or explanations in the boarding area. Flights were completely full and airplanes were old and uncomfortable. This flight was cheap for a reason. Pay the extra amount and fly another airline." Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Air Canada7.1 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Saskatoon to Toronto found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 5/12Tue directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYXE-YYZ C$ 49 Search 12/12Tue directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYXE-YYZ C$ 58 Search 5/12Tue directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYXE-YYZ C$ 63 Search 7/12Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYXE-YYZ C$ 67 Search 21/1Sun directAir Canada 3h 23mYXE-YYZ C$ 75 Search 21/1Sun 2 stops 23h 20mYXE-YYZ C$ 111 Search 13/1Sat 1 stopWestJet 6h 03mYXE-YYZ C$ 115 Search 21/1Sun 1 stop 10h 10mYXE-YYZ C$ 117 Search 21/1Sun 1 stopWestJet 6h 23mYXE-YYZ C$ 120 Search 14/1Sun directAir Canada 3h 23mYXE-YYZ C$ 132 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesAir CanadaWestJet Search by priceC$ 60 or lessC$ 70 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 130 or less Last minute flights from Saskatoon to Pearson Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Saskatoon to Toronto that are departing in the next 10 days. 2/12Sat directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYXE-YYZ 7/12Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYYZ-YXE C$ 217 Search 5/12Tue multi-stop 11h 49mYXE-YYZ 7/12Thu direct 3h 45mYYZ-YXE C$ 244 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 3h 23mYXE-YYZ 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 8h 42mYYZ-YXE C$ 268 Search 5/12Tue direct 3h 23mYXE-YYZ 5/12Tue direct 3h 45mYYZ-YXE C$ 283 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 3h 23mYXE-YYZ 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 15h 13mYYZ-YXE C$ 356 Search 2/12Sat multi-stop 7h 23mYXE-YYZ 7/12Thu direct 3h 45mYYZ-YXE C$ 366 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 9h 13mYXE-YYZ 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 11h 58mYYZ-YXE C$ 392 Search 4/12Mon multi-stop 9h 13mYXE-YYZ 5/12Tue direct 3h 45mYYZ-YXE C$ 393 Search 1/12Fri directAir Canada 3h 23mYXE-YYZ 5/1Fri directAir Canada 3h 44mYYZ-YXE C$ 766 Search 4/12Mon directAir Canada 3h 20mYXE-YYZ 5/12Tue directAir Canada 3h 41mYYZ-YXE C$ 1,354 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesWestJetAir Canada Search by priceC$ 240 or lessC$ 280 or lessC$ 370 or lessC$ 390 or lessC$ 1,350 or less Saskatoon - Toronto Pearson Airport Flights Departure: Saskatoon (YXE)Canada Destination: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Return flight deals: Toronto Pearson Airport - Saskatoon Cabin classes: First Class flights to Toronto Business Class flights to Toronto C$ 2,427 Prem Econ Class flights to Toronto C$ 98 Economy Class flights to Toronto Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Saskatoon C$ 92Flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 92Flights to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, Toronto Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Kelowna Flights to Québec City Flights to Edmonton Flights to Ottawa Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Toronto Pearson Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Toronto Pearson Airport from Saskatoon. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Toronto Pearson Airport from Saskatoon. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.