Cheap Flights from Las Vegas to Hawaii from $113 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Las Vegas to Hawaii from $113 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/31. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Hawaii ...and more Latest Hawaii Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULARHonolulu From Las Vegas 1 stop from $240 Search Flights Kahului From Las Vegas 2+ stops from $244 Search Flights Kailua-Kona From Las Vegas 1 stop from $243 Search Flights Lihue From Las Vegas 1 stop from $243 Search Flights Hilo From Las Vegas 1 stop from $387 Search Flights Good to know Low season November High season May Cheapest flight $113 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 2% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 1% lower on average. Flight from Las Vegas to Honolulu FAQs - booking Hawaii flights Can I rent a car at HNL? If you want to rent a car once you deplane at HNL, you can easily do so, as the airport boasts a 5-story Rent-a-car facility. Entered directly across from Terminal 2, outside baggage claim 26 and 31, this facility has counters for car rental agencies like Alamo, Avis, Budget, Dollar, Enterprise, Hertz, National, Payless, Thrifty, and SIXT. What fun things can I do as I wait for my flight to Hawaii at LAS? There are plenty of fun things you can do at LAS while waiting for your flight to Hawaii. At this airport, you can check out art exhibitions available throughout its premises, visit its entertaining and informative Howard W. Cannon Aviation Museum, or gamble at one of its many slot machines. What is the best way to travel from downtown Las Vegas to LAS? To travel from downtown Las Vegas to LAS, you can board Route 108, Route 109, Westcliff Airport Express, or the Centennial Express bus. The Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada operates all these buses. Alternatively, you can hop on a taxi belonging to one of the companies licensed to operate between the Las Vegas Metro area and the airport. If you're on a budget, it's in your best interest to board one of the buses, whereas if you'd like to get to the airport quickly, get a taxi. How can I travel cheaply from Las Vegas to Hawaii? If you’d like to fly cheaply from Las Vegas to Hawaii, check out the connecting flights for this route that are available on KAYAK. This is simply because the connecting flights on this route tend to have cheaper tickets than the direct flights. Currently, the said connecting flights are offered by Hawaiian Airlines, United Airlines, and American Airlines. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Las Vegas to Hawaii? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Las Vegas to Hawaii. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Las Vegas to Hawaii? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Hawaii from Las Vegas is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Las Vegas to Hawaii? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Hawaii with an airline and back to Las Vegas with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Las Vegas to Hawaii? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Hawaii from Las Vegas up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Hawaii Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be June and July. The cheapest month to fly from Las Vegas is December. Morning departure is around 2% more expensive than an evening flight, on average*. In Las Vegas, you will board your flight to Hawaii at Harry Reid International Airport (LAS). Situated approximately 8 km (5 miles) south of downtown Las Vegas, this airport is a focus city for Allegiant Air, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, Sun Country Airlines, Frontier Airlines, and Global Crossing Airlines. While waiting for your flight to Hawaii at LAS, you can relax at the Centurion Lounge, located in Terminal 1, on the Airside of Concourse D, opposite Gate D1. This lounge is accessible only to American Express Card Members. Alternatively, you can relax at The Club at LAS, available in Terminals 1 and 3. At either, all you have to do to gain entry is to pay at the door. In case you need mobility assistance at LAS, you’ll be happy to hear that wheelchair services are offered for free by Prospect and G2 Secure staff. Arrangements for this service should be made in advance through your airline, though you can personally arrange for this service by reaching out to the providers through any of the white courtesy phones spread throughout the airport. In Hawaii, you can land at Daniel K. Inouye International Airport (HNL), Kaluhui Airport (OGG), Kona International Airport (KOA), Kapalua Airport (JHM), or Hana Airport (HNM). The airport you land at will be influenced by the Hawaii city you intend to visit. If you want to visit Honolulu, you will land at HNL, while if you want to visit Maui, you will likely land at OGG. If you want to visit several Hawaii destinations, settle on HNL as your base of travel. Selecting this airport as your base of travel is a decision you won’t regret since it offers flights to most of Hawaii’s regional airports. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Las Vegas to HawaiiNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Las Vegas to Hawaii? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 90crew 84food 88overall 89boarding 86comfort 85entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "The coach seats were larger than those on domestic flights. The window glass was dimmable for ideal lighting." Cons: "The arm rests did not go up all the way. This made it difficult to maximize comfort with my wife."Read more about Japan Airlines Pros: "The coach seats were larger than those on domestic flights. The window glass was dimmable for ideal lighting." Cons: "The arm rests did not go up all the way. This made it difficult to maximize comfort with my wife." Cons: "Had serious and consistent blockage to receive seat assignment from AAirlines. Round trip ticket with JAL but they code shared lax to tokyo with AA. Later AA refused to let me change THEIR seat assignment (3 scattered middle seats in economy). unless I bought an upgrade. They also said tic" Pros: "Spacious leg room" Cons: "Toilets can be cleaner . And food could be tastier with 2 choices ." Pros: "Two choices of meal and friendlier staff. Props to JAL." Cons: "Almost missed my flight - they could not locate me as a ticketed passenger" Pros: "The staff were fantastic nothing was too much trouble and great fun attitudes." Cons: "No entertainment systems." Pros: "Rebooked me because I went to wrong airport — thanks" Cons: "The business meal was just okay this time. Not as good as before." Pros: "The flight attendants were very attentive and polite, seats are some of the most comfortable of any airline I've flown (particularly compared to the US domestics), entertainment is solid (although the English movie selection was not that large), and we were regularly offered food and drink if we were awake. I would definitely recommend JAL to others." Cons: "The food was not to my liking (i.e., all Japanese style, but not necessarily types that appeal more to Westerners) but it was palatable." Cons: "The crew kept accidentally bumping my chair and never apologized" Pros: "They were every where all the time! No sitting around in the back like most airlines. Movies Hallie and many first run and Oscar nominated." Pros: "Crew was amazing. They were friendly and kind. Very helpful. Made sure I was comfortable and made sure the area was clean and safe." Pros: "The 2nd flight plane was alright" Cons: "Flight attendants have poor English and get upset if you ask for snacks or anything that makes them have to get supplies" Cons: "Let me change my ticket due to a death in the family." Pros: "They were so courteous, polite, nice, very helpful and accommodating. Always have smiles on their faces and they’re not fake smiles, they’re genuine. They made me feel comfortable even in a small, tight seats." Cons: "Oh boy, the length of travel time. This trip was a spontaneous and a last minute decision. So as you can see, I couldn’t get a cheaper direct flight. End up with a stop over in S. Korea." Pros: "Such good service with Korean Airlines. We even got a free upgrade to exit row seats just by getting to the airport a little early." Cons: "Overnight flight is brutal. But that can't be helped." Pros: "Food was really good - nice mix of Korean and European menu. Good entertainment system; attentive staff offering drinks and snacks. Comfortable chair." Cons: "We boarded late but the communication was good." Cons: "Seat room was too small, couldn't comfortably fit in seat" Pros: "Good crew, good service, clean quarters, cordial and pleasant service" Cons: "The website did not let me choose the seat when I tried to check-in. In addition, the flight attendant was not welcoming because she kept saying that you cannot have more food :(" Cons: "the crew on this flight didn't timely deal with two situations I had. it took twenty minutes to get a cup of tea and I had to ask twice. then I dropped my nighttime mouth retainer on the floor and it also took twenty minutes and two reminders to have them sterilize it. My previous flight from JFK to Seoul was very good not this one." Cons: "Maintenance problems resulted in original aircraft being unavailable and switching to new aircraft at a different gate. More than 45 min late." Cons: "AA1792 from Dallas to Cincinnati on 6/8/19 had no air conditioning. It was miserable. The brakes needed repair, too. No passengers seated in the premium exit aisle seats." Pros: "Not much" Cons: "Everyone was too hot, sweltering and perspiring, way to crowded and packed. Literally could not moved at all." Pros: "CREW GOOD AIRPLANE CLEAN" Cons: "DEPARTED 1 HOUR LATE, THERE WAS MODERATE TURBULENCE THROUGHOUT THE FLIGHT" Pros: "Planes were clean and spacious" Cons: "Airline didn't seem prepared with crews. Both legs had crew mgmt issues." Pros: "Good Crew. Smooth Flight." Cons: "Flight delayed 2 hours. Land and 1 hour later still waiting on baggage claim. Kinda sucks when its after 1am and I'm waiting." Pros: "I like the ability to stream movies and TV to my device. The seating was also comfortable the head rests are a lifesaver." Cons: "4 hour delay got rebooked. Lost my first class seat to Chicago. Not happy" Pros: "No ac, left late. Can't pull in bc our gate is occupied. I never have complaints, but I'm hot and my back hurts." Cons: "Prior flight had a problem Apparently. It affected our flight. Hot and tired. I want off.....still sitting here..." Pros: "Offer to send the carry on for free at the gate." Cons: "Have to pay for check in bag. Used to be free!!!" Pros: "The plane had lots of leg room." Cons: "Punctuality. The plane left the gate more than 30 minutes after scheduled departure time." Pros: "Just a great flight and service. Super happy for getting home early!" Cons: "Unclear indication and mediocre service to register for the flight and to load our luggage" Cons: "My entertainment console didn’t work and I was unable to purchase movies/direct tv" Cons: "Our flight was delayed and there was a really long line of passengers trying to switch connecting flights. There were two women working at the counter. One of their shifts was over. She called her manager and said she was willing to work later to handle the crowd, but the manager does not want to pay overtime so she was told to leave. So one woman was left to handle the massive line all by herself. I stood in line over two hours. I believe if someone is willing to help out that would have been the best solution." Pros: "Although the flight was delayed, we got into an earlier flight which was great" Cons: "Ticket check in employee was extremely rude. Put me on stand by for the next flight even though they were still letting people onto my original flight." Pros: "Was very good for me. Any problem On time Thank you very much" Pros: "It was honestly peaceful, things ran smoothly, and it was a lot better than most flights I've been on." Cons: "Left my Kindle on the plane. It has yet to be returned/found." Pros: "The flight was fine and the crew were nice." Cons: "Gate agent was too much. A family had not been required to pay for carry ons on their outbound trip but she required them to pay $250. English was not their primary language. The mother apparently swore in Spanish- agent threatened to call police. Disagreed with FA, kicked off family." Pros: "The crew was very good, the plane was clean. The seats seemed brand new and were relatively spacious." Cons: "I was not made aware that the regular seats do not recline as they do on all other airlines I have ever traveled on. Since I was taking a long, red eye flight it was impossible to sleep. When I asked an attendant I was told that they are 'predesigned for your comfort'..." Cons: "We waited in line at the check in counter for an hour and a half. There were only two people working and probably 300 people in line. Then going through TSS....took about 30 min....we had to RUN just to catch our flight. Even though we were there almost 2 1/2 hours early. Made for a very stressful start" Pros: "Boarding went ok with no problems" Cons: "Good thing o had an isle seat. The two people in the seats beside me were large and that made the one setting beside me take up part of my area. Part of my body was covered by her the entire flight except when I got up to go to the bathroom. Leaned into the isle most of the flight. Really annoying to have half a seat." Pros: "What wasn't there to like. Flight departure was on time and we arrived early. Exactly what every traveler desires." Cons: "Can't think of a single thing." Pros: "The crew were excellent" Cons: "We had to wait because the flight was delay. That is ok. Then wait again almost an hour to the airplane to depart. The wait again when arrived because another airplane was at our gate." Pros: "fast boarding for my zone" Cons: "the flight attendants on this flight had a lot of attitude straight away, one in particular. was rude to several passengers at boarding and deplaning. it was a redeye, but they kept the overhead light on the entire flight and talked at top volume for the entire time. no one in the rows around me slept because of this." Pros: "On time and cheap! Crew was hilarious and kind." Cons: "Be aware-Frontier's initial low rates are much higher with $35-45 PER checked bag and per carry on. Nothing is free on these flights- not even water...." Pros: "Frontier's customer service is improving! Flight crew greeted all passengers. Staff morale seems better as well. No stress experience. Good job peeps!" Cons: "N/A" Cons: "It was a very rough and uncomfortable, no drink, not very nice flight staff" Japan Airlines8.7 Korean Air8.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Las Vegas to Hawaii Recent one-way flight deals 1/31Wed 2 stops 18h 34mLAS-HNL $113 Search 1/30Tue 2 stops 32h 33mLAS-HNL $116 Search 2/6Tue 1 stopAlaska Airlines 28h 16mLAS-HNL $134 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopDelta 10h 37mLAS-HNL $163 Search 2/6Tue 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 22h 05mLAS-HNL $164 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopDelta 13h 04mLAS-HNL $173 Search 5/11Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 12h 10mLAS-HNL $174 Search 2/19Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 11h 38mLAS-KOA $199 Search 4/15Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 10h 55mLAS-HNL $199 Search 3/7Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 53mLAS-OGG $199 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAlaska AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$120 or less$160 or less$170 or less$200 or less$200 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 1/24Wed 1 stop 8h 50mLAS-HNL 1/31Wed 1 stop 19h 59mHNL-LAS $240 Search 2/1Thu 1 stop 23h 07mLAS-HNL 2/4Sun 1 stop 22h 53mHNL-LAS $241 Search 1/24Wed 1 stopAlaska Airlines 28h 16mLAS-HNL 1/26Fri 1 stopAlaska Airlines 13h 51mHNL-LAS $255 Search 1/16Tue 1 stopDelta 14h 38mLAS-OGG 1/23Tue 1 stopDelta 13h 54mOGG-LAS $266 Search 1/21Sun 1 stopAlaska Airlines 18h 08mLAS-HNL 1/25Thu 1 stopAlaska Airlines 13h 51mHNL-LAS $273 Search 1/17Wed 1 stopDelta 12h 36mLAS-HNL 1/26Fri 1 stopDelta 8h 34mHNL-LAS $291 Search 2/10Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 10h 42mLAS-OGG 2/15Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 8h 22mOGG-LAS $398 Search 2/14Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 8h 06mLAS-HNL 2/19Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 10h 35mHNL-LAS $398 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopUnited Airlines 11h 29mLAS-HNL 12/18Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 11h 46mHNL-LAS $403 Search 2/10Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 51mLAS-KOA 2/15Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 00mKOA-LAS $414 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAlaska AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$240 or less$270 or less$290 or less$400 or less$410 or less Last minute flights from Las Vegas to Hawaii Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/5Tue multi-stop 31h 35mLAS-HNL 12/11Mon multi-stop 14h 35mHNL-LAS $312 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 31h 35mLAS-HNL 12/12Tue multi-stop 11h 41mHNL-LAS $317 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 28h 02mLAS-HNL 12/9Sat multi-stopAlaska Airlines 15h 41mHNL-LAS $361 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 28h 02mLAS-HNL 12/6Wed multi-stopAlaska Airlines 15h 41mHNL-LAS $392 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 25h 26mLAS-LIH 12/14Thu multi-stopDelta 24h 35mLIH-LAS $447 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 14h 41mLAS-LIH 12/15Fri multi-stopDelta 19h 21mLIH-LAS $465 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 10h 24mLAS-HNL 12/11Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 06mHNL-LAS $490 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 50mLAS-HNL 12/11Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 17h 01mHNL-LAS $579 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 23mLAS-HNL 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 17h 08mHNL-LAS $590 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 13h 05mLAS-HNL 12/12Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 01mHNL-LAS $909 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAlaska AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$320 or less$390 or less$470 or less$580 or less$910 or less Las Vegas - Hawaii Flights Departure: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Hawaii - Las Vegas Cabin classes: $2,162 First Class flights to Hawaii Business Class flights to Hawaii Prem Econ Class flights to Hawaii $266 Economy Class flights to Hawaii Browse origins: Flights » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $221Flights from Las Vegas to Hawaii Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Hawaii $844Flights to Hana, Hawaii $389Flights to Hilo, Hawaii $221Flights to Honolulu, Hawaii $763Flights to Hoolehua, Hawaii $245Flights to Kahului, Hawaii $221Flights to Kailua, Hawaii $242Flights to Kailua-Kona, Hawaii $766Flights to Kapalua, Hawaii $243Flights to Kaua'i, Hawaii $243Flights to Lihue, Hawaii $245Flights to Maui, Hawaii $221Flights to O'ahu, Hawaii $242Flights to The Big Island, Hawaii $1,023Flights to Waimea (Kamuela), Hawaii View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Burbank Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Hawaii flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Hawaii from Las Vegas. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Hawaii from Las Vegas. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.