Cheap Flights from Honolulu to Hawaii from $42 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Honolulu to Hawaii from $42 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/30. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Hawaii ...and more Latest Hawaii Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULARKahului From Honolulu Nonstop from $77 Search Flights Kailua-Kona From Honolulu Nonstop from $77 Search Flights Lihue From Honolulu Nonstop from $96 Search Flights Hilo From Honolulu Nonstop from $77 Search Flights Hoolehua From Honolulu 1 stop from $130 Search Flights Good to know Low season September High season December Cheapest flight $42 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 0% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 12% lower on average. Flight from Honolulu to Lihue FAQs - booking Hawaii flights How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Honolulu to Hawaii? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Honolulu to Hawaii. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Honolulu to Hawaii? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Hawaii from Honolulu is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Honolulu to Hawaii? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Hawaii with an airline and back to Honolulu with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Honolulu to Hawaii? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Hawaii from Honolulu up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Hawaii Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Honolulu to the following destinations at these prices or less: Kailua-Kona $54 one-way - $107 round-trip; Lihue $73 one-way - $117 round-trip; Kahului $54 one-way - $121 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be June and July. The cheapest month to fly from Honolulu is December. On average*, there is no price difference when choosing to fly in the morning or the evening on this flight route. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Honolulu to HawaiiNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Honolulu to Hawaii? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4663 reviews 89boarding 85entertainment 86comfort 90crew 84food 88overall Airline reviews Flight attendants did great job for the families who has toddlers. One of toddlers behind us was crying for 4 hours straight and they helped the parents very well. and flight meal was deliciousRead more about Japan Airlines Flight attendants did great job for the families who has toddlers. One of toddlers behind us was crying for 4 hours straight and they helped the parents very well. and flight meal was delicious Pros: "the selection of beverages and the crew are very friendly and helpful" Cons: "Selection of entertainment" Cons: "The person who assisted me to check in didn’t even know about Global entry..." Pros: "Standard JAL. No hassles, nice, clean, friendly. Makes Hawaiian airlines look so Bad!" Cons: "N/A" Pros: "The flight attendant and staff was extremely nice and accommodating. Japan airport is updated with excellent facility and flight transferring was easy." Pros: "We traveled with our 1.5 year old and JAL was incredibly accommodating and made our trip very enjoyable. They went above and beyond to make sure our trip was smooth and provided impeccable service." Pros: "Food wasn’t bad and flight crew were polite Flight took off around the time intended. Boarded and deplaned passengers quickly" Cons: "Flight was too warm for 11hrs and I had to ask for temp to be reduced. Very stuffy Didn’t have sparkling water after 4hrs or ginger ale" Cons: "I know this isn’t really the fault of the airline, but there was a loud toddler sitting behind me. It was frustrating, because the mother did not seem to do anything to have her child be quiet. It makes it hard for everyone around them to have comfortable rest, especially as this was an overnight flight. I have flown over the years with up to 5 children and do know how hard it can be, but it is important to foresee the needs of the child. I wonder of the attendants could have been a little more firm with the mother to ask her not to let the child roam the aisle." Pros: "Everything was wonderful. However, it was a little too warm on the flight for our liking. Other than that, we had a great experience." Pros: "The customer service overall was really good." Cons: "The food always messes up my stomach, where the whole day after I can’t eat anything" Pros: "The first meal was awesome! The second one was so-so." Pros: "Food was good." Cons: "Not enough soft drinks and ice has to be asked for." Cons: "Being notified in advance that the flight was going to be delayed 40 minutes instead of waiting until the scheduled boarding time to say there was a delay and the delay time was undetermined." Pros: "Plane in excellent condition. Service outstanding." Cons: "Nothing special about the food, but it's not a big deal. Would fly them again." Pros: "The crew was awesome. They were attentive. The always said they were sorry as the went down the aisle with the cart. They made sure they didn’t disturb you while you were sleeping. The food was awesome. I can’t explain it you have to go on a trip with them and experience it." Cons: "Seats could always be more comfortable." Pros: "service/food excellent" Cons: "old aircraft with outdated and worn 'cradle' seats that are hard to find these days. Unlike claimed it is not a flatbed type." Pros: "Free food, 2 hot meals, including special kids meal that can be preorder. Free entertainment, blanket, hood service." Cons: "My son's entertainment console had some issue." Pros: "The airline accommodated by request for special meal with a very good seafood meal at each serving." Cons: "Touchscreen did not work on the entertainment; everything had to be controlled from the remote control." Pros: "Flight, weather, crew interaction was all great." Cons: "They dont give us socks for our feet or tooth brushes or mints or anything. One small bottle of water for a 15 hour flight doesnt cut it, sorry! This is one CHEAP AIRLINE!" Pros: "Selection of movies are great. They are new release and blockbusters" Cons: "Its just because a 16 hours total flights. My body is sore from sitting long time in small seats and not a lot of room to move around." I slept during flight so didn’t eat at all. Very kind flight attendants. Pros: "Wow! That sums it up. Premium coach was like first class on some other airlines. This is by far the best airline I've ever flown." Cons: "The website doesn't work very well. It's also difficult to navigate." Pros: "Crew was amazing, food was filling & plentiful." Cons: "Overall no complaints but the landing in Tokyo was a little rough. Pilot seemed to descend quickly which hurt my ears but otherwise, smooth flight." Pros: "I loved the film with kabuki characters to introduce safety procedures." Cons: "More seating room, better ventilation." Cons: "Bigger seat, but compared to other experiences it was very good." Cons: "Narita to Honolulu sector has not enough food for breakfast noting Honolulu airport has got nothing to offer!!!" Cons: "Purchased tickets through Kayak on ANA with confirmation. Bumped to United after confirmation. Although I realize both companies are Star Alliance, the bait & switch is unacceptable & I would NOT have purchased these tickets for United. Flight had much more turbulence than my experience on ANA which is why I refuse to fly any other airlines. Will recommend against Kayak to everyone I know." Pros: "Everything about this airline made my flight pleasant. The staff were polite and accommodating" Cons: "Flight attendant didn't mention so well about drink service." Pros: "The quality of your aircraft. Clean, modern, plenty of leg room. The check in agent in Manila, Arnel (or maybe Armel) was especially helpful and accommodating." Cons: "Pax are advised to show up at least 3 hours before flight. My wife and I showed up 3hrs 45 min before takeoff. There were perhaps 40 to 50 people already in line ahead of us. But no checkin counters were open. The first check-ins began 3 hours prior to take off. By that time the line was backed all the way out into the main corridor. It would be MUCH better for ANA and the customer to begin the checkin process 3.5 to 4hours prior instead of 3." PAL Airlines is always delayed most of the time. Please try to avoid it. iwas thirsty the whole night, no one approach me to ask if I needed a drink! Pros: "Crew was not very friendly." Cons: "Checking in for flight was not very good. Counter help was not well informed/trained." Pros: "On the Honolulu to Manila flight the crew were attentive and pleasant. I was comfortable and had TV to pass some of the hours on board. On the Manila to Singapore, there was no TV and the crew were less pleasant." Cons: "The young crew on the Manila to Singapore flight could have seen the journey as more of an opportunity to actually do their job rather than a chance to sit at the back chatting. When I approached one for a hot water bottle as it was freezing, she screwed up her face at my request and turned and spoke to her colleague in a language I couldn't understand making me feel uncomfortable. One of the worst things though was the food. Throughout the whole flight from Oahu to Singapore, there were no vegetarian options (even the mid flight sandwich had ham and cheese). Further, you were served a hot meal almost within an hour of being in the air, then had to wait about six hours for the snack and then another hot meal was served within three hours of that at a very rushed pace making the experience very unenjoyable. This happened on the way to oahu also so it is something that they practice regularly. Terminal 2 at Manila is also terrible if you have a long layover!" Pros: "The crew was amazing as usual. The seat was comfortable but lacks storage areas." Cons: "Boarding process at MNL needs to be more organized." Pros: "The lay flat bed was amazing and I like the privacy of the seats; this Philippines Airline business class is enjoyable!!" Cons: "Don’t ask the stewardess for recommendations on what dishes to eat for meals; their taste is quite different from yours!! My stewardess recommended a pork dish that she said was tasty, but I found it dry and chewy!! But that’s Filipino taste!!" Cons: "Ventilation/in flight air conditioning, checkin lanes and waiting time" Cons: "Relatively comfortable seats. Boarding process rather chaotic. Awful food, poor and limited entertainment options, unkind and grumpy staff. Not great for 13 hours!" Pros: "Beautiful plane and crew. On time. Comfortable economy seats. I can’t complain. The food was no worse than any other carrier in economy." Pros: "the people" Cons: "flight was delayed But what else is new with PI. AIR. My husband has flown many times with pi air and he says you care about your bottom line only. it takes money out of our pockets every time we are delayed and or our luggage is lost. Now go and do the right thing." Cons: "For such a long trip, a better aircraft would have been better," Pros: "Departed and arrived ontime." Cons: "Old plane. No usb power outlets or tv screens. No included food service in 8 hr flight." Pros: "Flight was on time. Everything went smooth for being in coach." Pros: "The flight arrived ahead of schedule." Cons: "- United's entertainment system was not working again. The system was completely down. The plug-in power was also down. - Boarding was delayed because there were no crew members willing to help passengers figure out how to load the overhead bins." Cons: "The most rude staff I've ever encountered, at least at the HNL airport. Movies didn't work" Pros: "The only thing I liked was the fact that there were chargers between the seats" Cons: "My flight was delayed for 2 hours due to a "maintenance/paperwork" issue. Because of this I missed my connecting flight to Tampa and was rescheduled but now I must fly yo Newark and then to Tampa. My trip will be completed 12 hours later than originally intended and as such my plans have been upset as well as my self. I will not be flying united ever again after this trip." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Not getting a confirmation email or check-in reminder. No working wifi or power docks on plane (marketed as having in-seat entertainment). Moved to the back of the plane with no recline and destroying my back after telling them I need at least minimal recline. Out of most food options upon being served last and given a soggy undressed chicken wrap for 12.00. Finally, the gate dock was not able to connect with the plane upon arrival yeilding a 30 minute delay at the gate. Unapologetic crew simply ready to turn onto the next flight. This is why I don't fly united." Pros: "Smooth flying. The pilot did a good job. 1" Cons: "1. At checkin, the counter person wanted to charge us for a bassinet! We've had over 40 flights in 13 months and this is the first time any checkin person tried to charge for the bassinet. 2. My daughter was sleeping on my lap so I couldn't get up. I repeatedly pressed the call button for a tissue. They didn't come until the cart came. She refused to give me a tissue and told me to get some from the bathroom. Clearly, I couldn't get up bc of my sleeping baby. Finally another flight attendant gave me some when she gave me a glass of water." Cons: "$660 in baggage fees for a military traveller who signed up with a U.S. Flag carrier. The whole purpose of choosing United was their baggage limits, instead its just a code-shared flight with ANA as the operator and I end up paying loads to bring home equipment. Will use a budget airline that is more upfront with their fees next time." Pros: "N/a" Cons: "We paid extra to have seating together in an upgraded to business class. We paid an additional $89.00 each for this option on top of our airfare. When we got to the boarding gate and we were ready to have our ticket scanned we were told, "unfortunately, you two won't be able to be seated together, we had a seat change that affected your seating." then we were asked to go to the counter at the gate to see what could be done, but there was nothing that could be done, the flight was full. So our money was collected but due to the mess up on seating and loss of our $600.00 epi pen medication we didn't take the flight." Japan Airlines8.7 Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 Philippine Airlines7.3 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Honolulu to Hawaii Recent one-way flight deals 1/30Tue nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 42mHNL-LIH $42 Search 3/4Mon nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 41mHNL-OGG $42 Search 12/29Fri nonstopSouthern / Mokulele 0h 41mHNL-MKK $64 Search 2/27Tue 2 stopsSouthern / Mokulele 7h 40mHNL-MUE $66 Search 12/22Fri 1 stop 10h 46mHNL-HNM $167 Search 4/17Wed 1 stop 2h 54mHNL-MKK $191 Search 2/1Thu 1 stopAlaska Airlines 22h 11mHNL-LIH $372 Search 1/17Wed 1 stopAlaska Airlines 13h 06mHNL-KOA $432 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 13h 17mHNL-LIH $445 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 12h 29mHNL-KOA $446 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesSouthern / MokuleleAlaska AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$70 or less$190 or less$430 or less$450 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 4/17Wed nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 42mHNL-OGG 4/17Wed nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 39mOGG-HNL $77 Search 1/17Wed nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 46mHNL-KOA 1/17Wed nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 50mKOA-HNL $77 Search 2/15Thu nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 54mHNL-ITO 2/15Thu nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 55mITO-HNL $77 Search 12/18Mon nonstopSouthern / Mokulele 0h 53mHNL-JHM 12/20Wed nonstopSouthern / Mokulele 0h 53mJHM-HNL $104 Search 12/12Tue nonstopSouthern / Mokulele 0h 53mHNL-JHM 12/13Wed nonstopSouthern / Mokulele 0h 53mJHM-HNL $111 Search 4/26Fri 1 stop 2h 35mHNL-OGG 4/30Tue nonstop 0h 38mOGG-HNL $185 Search 4/26Fri 1 stop 2h 35mHNL-OGG 4/27Sat nonstop 0h 39mOGG-HNL $193 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 14h 26mHNL-KOA 2/1Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 13h 25mKOA-HNL $835 Search 2/17Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 14h 46mHNL-KOA 2/19Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 13h 28mKOA-HNL $898 Search 5/26Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 15h 24mHNL-LIH 5/30Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 13h 28mLIH-HNL $1,902 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesSouthern / MokuleleUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$80 or less$100 or less$190 or less$840 or less$1,900 or less Last minute flights from Honolulu to Hawaii Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/4Mon nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 42mHNL-OGG 12/4Mon nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 40mOGG-HNL $124 Search 12/4Mon nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 47mHNL-KOA 12/6Wed nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 52mKOA-HNL $124 Search 12/5Tue nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 56mHNL-ITO 12/7Thu nonstopHawaiian Airlines 0h 57mITO-HNL $124 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSouthern / Mokulele 0h 53mHNL-JHM 12/4Mon nonstopSouthern / Mokulele 0h 53mJHM-HNL $150 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSouthern / Mokulele 0h 41mHNL-MKK 12/8Fri nonstopSouthern / Mokulele 0h 41mMKK-HNL $151 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 0h 50mHNL-LNY 12/3Sun multi-stop 10h 29mLNY-HNL $306 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 0h 41mHNL-MKK 12/8Fri multi-stop 10h 09mMKK-HNL $323 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 15h 20mHNL-LIH 12/8Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 14h 29mLIH-HNL $1,009 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAlaska Airlines 16h 03mHNL-LIH 12/3Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 14h 29mLIH-HNL $1,747 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 29mHNL-KOA 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 06mKOA-HNL $4,451 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesSouthern / MokuleleAlaska AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$120 or less$150 or less$310 or less$1,010 or less$4,450 or less Honolulu - Hawaii Flights Departure: Honolulu (HNL)United States Return flight deals: Hawaii - Honolulu Cabin classes: $284 First Class flights to Hawaii $1,913 Business Class flights to Hawaii $352 Prem Econ Class flights to Hawaii $77 Economy Class flights to Hawaii Browse origins: Flights » United States » O'ahu » Honolulu $77Flights from Honolulu to Hawaii Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Hawaii $175Flights to Hana, Hawaii $77Flights to Hilo, Hawaii $132Flights to Hoolehua, Hawaii $77Flights to Kahului, Hawaii $77Flights to Kailua-Kona, Hawaii $105Flights to Kapalua, Hawaii $83Flights to Kaua'i, Hawaii $135Flights to Lanai City, Hawaii $83Flights to Lihue, Hawaii $77Flights to Maui, Hawaii $77Flights to The Big Island, Hawaii $135Flights to Waimea (Kamuela), Hawaii View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Portland Flights to Kailua-Kona Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Hawaii flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Hawaii from Honolulu. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Hawaii from Honolulu. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.