Cheap Flights from New York JFK to Hyderabad from $352 | (JFK - HYD) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JFK - HYD Find cheap flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad from $352 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/17. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Hyderabad These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Hyderabad. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Hyderabad. How much is the cheapest flight from John F Kennedy Intl to Hyderabad?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Hyderabad that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:00 am - 1:10 amJFK-HYD 27h 40m1 stop 3:05 pm - 9:00 amHYD-JFK 28h 25m1 stop $727SAUDIA Find Deal Thu, Feb 8 - Thu, Mar 7 11:00 am - 1:10 amJFK-HYD 27h 40m1 stop 3:05 pm - 9:00 amHYD-JFK 28h 25m1 stop $729SAUDIA Find Deal Thu, Feb 8 - Mon, Feb 26 12:30 pm - 7:30 amJFK-HYD 32h 30m2 stops 8:20 am - 7:55 amHYD-JFK 33h 05m1 stop $848Air India Find Deal Sun, Feb 25 - Tue, Mar 26 1:30 pm - 9:45 pmJFK-HYD 22h 45m2 stops 5:05 pm - 7:55 amHYD-JFK 24h 20m1 stop $868Air India Find Deal Thu, Mar 14 - Tue, Mar 26 1:25 am - 8:20 amJFK-HYD 20h 25m1 stop 4:25 pm - 8:15 amHYD-JFK 26h 20m1 stop $871Qatar Airways Find Deal Sun, Feb 4 - Wed, Feb 14 1:25 am - 2:55 pmJFK-HYD 27h 00m1 stop 3:40 am - 8:15 amHYD-JFK 39h 05m1 stop $875Qatar Airways Find Deal Sun, Feb 4 - Tue, Feb 13 10:00 pm - 2:50 amJFK-HYD 18h 20m1 stop 4:15 am - 3:55 pmHYD-JFK 22h 10m1 stop $910Etihad Airways Find Deal Sun, Feb 4 - Sun, Feb 25 10:00 pm - 2:50 amJFK-HYD 18h 20m1 stop 8:25 pm - 3:55 pmHYD-JFK 30h 00m1 stop $911Etihad Airways Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Sun, Feb 18 11:00 pm - 8:25 amJFK-HYD 22h 55m1 stop 9:20 pm - 1:55 pmHYD-JFK 27h 05m1 stop $942Emirates Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Fri, Mar 1 10:40 am - 7:50 pmJFK-HYD 22h 40m1 stop 9:20 pm - 1:55 pmHYD-JFK 27h 05m1 stop $943Emirates Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Fri, Mar 1 Show more results Flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Hyderabad - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Hyderabad to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hyderabad? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hyderabad, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hyderabad is September, where tickets cost $852 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,837 and $1,588 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hyderabad? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hyderabad, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hyderabad, you should book around 3 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 49 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad found on KAYAK was with SAUDIA for $356. SAUDIA proposed a round-trip connection from $727 and Lufthansa from $779. How long does a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad take? Flying to Hyderabad from New York John F Kennedy Airport requires at least one layover, as there are no direct flights for this route. The shortest flight duration is 17h 10m. Good to know Low season September High season December Cheapest flight $352 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 30% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 46% increase in price. Flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad When to book flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Hyderabad Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from John F Kennedy Intl to Hyderabad based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad flights What can I do at HYD while waiting for pick-up or shuttle transfers? There is much to do at HYD before leaving for your destination. The airport features a go-cart course where you can have a few go-karting lessons. Alternatively, you can take advantage of the shower facilities available at the Plaza Premium lounges and freshen up after your long or get a massage at O2 Spa, located in the Domestic Departures area. But, if you are looking for a quiet tie to collect your thoughts, you can utilize the prayer rooms found within the airport. Does HYD offer infant care amenities? If you are traveling through HYD with an infant, you take advantage of one of the 15 baby care facilities available at the airport. The baby changing rooms are located in the women’s washrooms. They are equipped with sinks, power outlets, comfortable seats, and baby changing tables. Can I fly through JFK with my pet? JFK has invested in developing pet relief zones to ensure that pets flying through the airport are comfortable enough before and during their flights. The pet relief areas are located in Terminals 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, and 8. You can use these areas to take your pet for potty breaks and to drink water. Is there a USO lounge at JFK? Active-duty US military flying through JFK can utilize the free services that the USO lounge offers at JFK. The lounge is located in Terminal 5 and offers services such as assistance with travel and hotel information, travel planning, lending library, charging stations, printers, computers, video games, and kids' play areas. Do I need a passport to fly between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Hyderabad? A passport is required to fly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad. Which airports will I be using when flying from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad? New York John F Kennedy Airport airport is called New York John F Kennedy Intl and the only airport in Hyderabad is Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi Intl. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad? SkyTeam, Star Alliance, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Hyderabad, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Hyderabad from New York John F Kennedy Airport? Abu Dhabi is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to Hyderabad, Emirates or Qatar Airways? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to Hyderabad are Emirates and Qatar Airways. With an average price for the route of $1,437 and an overall rating of 8.3, Emirates is the most popular choice. Qatar Airways is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,242 and an overall rating of 8.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Hyderabad from New York John F Kennedy Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Hyderabad with an airline and back to New York John F Kennedy Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and HYD can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Hyderabad? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Hyderabad from New York John F Kennedy Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from JFK to Hyderabad If you are flying from New York John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) to Hyderabad, ensure that you arrive at the airport at least 3 hours before your flight departure time. This is to ensure that you check in, go through immigration, park your car, and have enough time to explore the airport amenities. Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (HYD) will serve as your landing airport when flying from New York John F Kennedy International Airport. The airport is located approximately 15 miles South of Hyderabad city center. HYD serves as the hub of Alliance Air. HYD is equipped with a serene and excellent business center that corporate travelers flying through the airport can take advantage of to catch up on incomplete work. The business center features a printing machine, a fax machine, and fast internet connectivity. If you want to access the area, ask one of the airport staff to help you locate it. TWA hotel, located in Terminal 5, approximately 0.3 miles from JFK, is the most suitable hotel for passengers looking for accommodation near the airport who want to avoid the early morning commute. The hotel features an exceptional infinity pool, a fitness center, and complimentary shuttle services. If you are looking for specific information while at JFK, the airport features a Welcome Center and Information center where you can get the help that you need. These centers are located in the outside arrivals area and at the arrivals hall. You can also seek assistance from the Traveler Aid organization that is located in Terminals 1, 4, 5, 7, and 8. This firm has volunteers offering services to stranded and distressed passengers at the airport. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from John F Kennedy Intl to Hyderabad See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to Hyderabad. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from John F Kennedy Intl to Hyderabad? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 EmiratesOverall score based on 15746 reviews 83boarding 80food 83overall 85entertainment 82comfort 84crew Airline reviews Cons: "An airline not only with the best service but the best looking flight attendants. They genuinely smile"Read more about Emirates Cons: "An airline not only with the best service but the best looking flight attendants. They genuinely smile" Cons: "The boarding process needs improvement. The crew should be more friendly. And, there needs to be more movies and TV shows." Pros: "Quick boarding. Attentive flight staff. Very quick disembarking." Cons: "Bathrooms on plane a little messy. But that’s just careless passengers." Cons: "Emirates charging for duty free merchandise bought in Dubai. It is ridiculous that they add the weight of the duty free merchandise to your carry on luggage and charge at the gate. If I have known that I could have shopped in Dubai duty free. The customer service person was very rude too." Pros: "Food and beverage choices were excellent!" Cons: "Boarding at JFK was delayed a lot and not properly handled. I was in Business class, still there was no information about what would happen when. Onboard, the TV (ICE) and internet were struggling to keep up with user demand. Did not load or connect sometimes. Different crew members had same standard answer - try later. While sleeping in Business class, I was woken up twice by a rude crew member (Velma Ndubi). She even refused to tell me her name because she did not want me to complain. Her attitude ruined the flight for me." Cons: "seats wouldn't recline, they say it is a mechanical, I had to sit uncomfortably for 16 hrs" Pros: "Everything, hands down best flights I've ever hand, I'm flying Emirates every single opportunity i get moving forward" Pros: "Easy, friendly and comfortable." Cons: "Last row seats so was a bit noisy. But nothing too bad." Pros: "Plenty of room even in economy. Good food for a plane. Very friendly" Pros: "Entertainment is good." Cons: "29 passengers were arriving in JFK from MSP, a flight that was delayed due to ground staff issues at JFK (which means that Emirates' partner airline had some issues?). Plane was delayed but we landed just in time to make the connection or so we thought. After running through the terminal, we saw our plane attached to the gate for 53 minutes(I have pictures to show) but Emirates gate staff said the flight is now closed, and didn't let us board the flight. They didn't help us rebook our next flight, or pay for hotel or transportation. And some of us couldn't fly for 2 days because they were overbooked on their future flights. And that's what really happened - Emirates was overbooked for our flight, and conveniently used the excuse that they didn't know our flight had landed in JFK (seriously), and their ground staff was totally non challent about it. They asked us to call the partner airline to rebook, who instead asked us to call Emirates. 4-6 hours of calling for most of us in the middle of the night. Emirates has social media presence on Twitter & Facebook but it's like chatting with a wall. Its 100% useless and waste of time, and I have asked them where I can send my complaint but they won't respond." Pros: "The crew was amazing. Food was great. Clean bathrooms. Great entertainment." Cons: "We had our passports and boarding passes checked five times in the course of 2 minutes by five different people one after the next. My cabin luggage was searched right before boarding. I appreciate the need for security, but that was excessive and unnecessary. In the peak of the Corona virus craze, the security made all passengers take off shoes and walk without any protection. This is not Qatar Airways doing - New York JFK security B S, but I am sure airways companies have some say to change it." Pros: "Crew did a great job keeping the long 11hour flight manageable!" Pros: "The crew was amazing" Cons: "The tv didn’t work throughout the whole flight. Very uncomfortable seats" Pros: "The crew provide good service but personally i did not like the food that could be lot better." Cons: "Extraordinarily care taken On board. Very impressed with Qutar Airways. Excellent" Pros: "Crew was excellent" Cons: "Boarding at JFK is very bad. They do not know the meaning of priority. Food from JFK to Doha pretty bad." Pros: "Everything" Cons: "WC size (too small) and location. Other airlines such as Lufthansa (NYC - Munich) do way better job in this category ( I believe Lufthansa aircraft was either A330 or 340)" Pros: "Legroom was great Staff were great Bathrooms were very clean and cleaned often in the flight" Pros: "Excellent meals. Pleasant cabin crew. Good inflight entertainment system and choices. Concerned about short connection in Doha but no problems. Good signage." Cons: "No complaints." Pros: "Best business class I have ever been on. Better than most First class." Pros: "The staff was nice" Cons: "The seats were very small, the cusion was worn, the entertainment screen did not work, nor did my recline function on seat." Pros: "Friendly and caring attendants. Smooth flight. Good condition of the aircraft." Pros: "The best thing is that they’re always on time" Cons: "The seats are way too cramped" Pros: "Ground Staff (your frontline) were welcoming The seats are most comfortable, the cabin immaculately clean, the Staff polite, helpful and efficient. The flight was smooth including takeoff and Landing Thank You All" Cons: "Have no complaints." Pros: "Booked a flight to Europe. Online check in easy. Luggage dropoff at JFK had no line for online check in. Flight was on time, my luggage arrived in my final destination fine (had 1 transfer). Crew was efficient and attentive." Cons: "Spaces for seats in the economy class are shrinking. With Swiss Air, seems more so as the seats recline quite a bit which is of course good for an 8-9 hours flight. However if the passenger in front of you reclines their seats, you absolutely are forced to recline yours immediately, otherwise no one will fit. Flight attendants have to ask passengers to put the seats back from reclining during meal service so people can open the food tray and are able to access it, that is how much the seats tilt." Pros: "Everyone was very friendly and helpful. They were all multi-lingual and ready to help foreign travelers. The food was good. The plain wasn’t overstuffed with people - actually there were enough open seats that everyone could have a little extra space. Will always check Swiss Air first for international travel." Pros: "It was nice because plane was half empty so had quicker attention from stewards - everything was good." Pros: "It reminds me of school dinners" Cons: "Bland, over cooked No thought into the presentation or flavour" Pros: "Swiss has the most cheerful crews I've seen, and their enthusiasm is infectious which makes it easier to tolerate being cramped in a plane for hours. Also, I love that they give you a Swiss chocolate at the en of the flight." Cons: "While I was on line to board, a flight assistant came to me and asked me if I was flying by myself. When I said yes. they upgraded me to business class. I boarded the plane and took my seat. Shortly before taking off, another flight attendant came to me, told me they made a mistake, and sent me back to my original economy seat (while I was holding my new business boarding pass that they gave me). When I told them they should remedy somehow their mistake, they said they did not have any other extra seat in business and that there was nothing they could do. They did not apologize. They were quite unprofessional and rude. I fly often and I have never experienced something so unprofessional and rude. Alitalia is far better than Swissair in terms of professionalism and of politeness. I will always discourage anyone from flying Swissair. Worst company ever." Pros: "Very friendly, helpful and communicative crew." Cons: "Only complaint: the touch screen on the seat back was oddly unresponsive and this made it a bit difficult to interface with the various in-flight entertainment options; the streaming music in particular." Pros: "Great crew. I love Lufthansa. I just wish there was more room for my legs." Cons: "More leg room!" Pros: "They give you food in this airlines. Crew was nice always serving drinks." Pros: "crew wasn't friendly, seats are very narrow and uncomfortable" Cons: "FOOD WAS DISGUSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Pros: "One of the best flights (airline) I have ever flown. GREAT crew that were kind, pleasant and helpful. ZERO attitude. I def will fly with them again in the future." Cons: "The Soviet Union wants its airline back. This was perhaps the RUDEST airline experience I've ever experienced. I was at Frankfurt (FRA) airport waiting to board Air Moldova Flight 864 to Chisinau (KIV). Due to a delay caused by Frankfurt security (and no fault of my own), I was delayed in reaching the gate. Since it was past my boarding time, I grabbed my bags from the conveyor belt once past security without having time to repack. I arrived at the gate and the extremely rude Air Moldova gate agent on duty yelled at me and demanded that I give her my boarding pass. When I told her I needed to pack, she yelled that there was “no time for that”. When I searched for my pass, she again yelled and said “NOW!”. When I told her that it was not my fault that I arrived late since there was a delay at security, she said “Not my problem!”. After she checked my boarding pass, I tried to repack and she again yelled “There is no time. Go to the bus NOW!” I once again told her that it was not my fault I got delayed and she again yelled “NOT MY PROBLEM”. In addition to rude employees, the airline is clearly in violation of safety regulations. The safety card in the back seat pocket was written in ARMENIAN – and Armenian only, thanks to the plane having been leased and Air Moldova not appropriately changing the safety cards. How did they expect people who read Romanian or Russian (the local languages) or English to understand it! On top of that, the plane was easily 20 years old or more and dirty. If they can't even keep a plane clean or have the appropriate safety cards, what else are they not maintaining. Do not fly this terrible airline!" Pros: "The flight was smooth and the flight attendants were very polite and helpful. It was a great experience" Cons: "The bathroom was a bit smelly" Pros: "Crew was pleasant." Cons: "Premium economy upgrade not worth the price! Wheelchair service ordered but NOT provided In Frankfort!" Pros: "It could be better, the flight attendance one of them was overwhelmed and I could feel her attitude, although she made an accidental movement on my foot she never apologized. And her eye contact was very aggressive as if she would use words. I tried to save the moment, and avoided all further interactions. Not even to look at her, or accept even a single glass of water. She did past through my area and again she was stocked with her cart, and she thought is was my foot again. When she realized that this time was not my foot, (which in the first time it was and she kicked my knee with the speed of her movement and I was not aware to save the moment) nevertheless, the second time and for the rest of my trip I was so careful that it did not happen again. But it happened one more time, but not with my foot. although she thought it was me. She looked at me again with a very bitter-eye but when she realized that the problem was not me she looked at another way acting as if she didnot understand what was going through her mind or my mind." Cons: "The attidute is what I try not to get involved. I am on the air, traveling, and I don't like to experience any negative feelings from no one. I am consciously aware not to give any reasons for any form of unacceptable behaviors either with or without evidence. I WILL NOT EVER AGAIN, travel with LUFTHANSA just because of the way they treated me in my case which I travel always with my emotional pet, and this time they gave me a hardship and I had to travel without Logan. and additionally to this, I had to accept that flight attendance wordless aggressive behavior. Which in my opinion, I believe she could say I am sorry, and not looking at me as her worse enemy. Madness. She honestly needs a psychological evaluation." Pros: "Had a very comfortable journey. Nice and friendly crew. Amenities at Frankfurt were excellent." Pros: "The crew was terrible. The aircraft from AUH to bangalore was in bad condition. My seat would keep coming back if reclined, my neighbour’s seat wouldn’t recline." Cons: "The airport in Abu Dhabi was a mess! There was zero organisation and etihad ground staff were not managing things either. My bag came back broken!" Cons: "Quality of on board food and courtesy of flight attendants really needs improvement. Etihad wasn't like this a decade ago." Cons: "We lost an item and while we are in airport waiting for next flight even though we know it would have got recovered by airport staff there is no way of getting it back unless we download a form online , print , fill the form and sign , scan and send it in email to lost and found team. This is unlikely and complex process for anyone while in airport to get access to print, scan etc. we wish this was more simpler process Cabin was too cold and staff deny bluntly to make any adjustment saying some other set of passengers complained that cabin is warm.. I have not seen anyone who could sit around with out blanket on them and we had to get double blankets and wrap ourselves in there" Cons: "The flight left > 2 hours late from JFK to Abu Dhabi, and my connection was changed midair. Instead of changing it to the next flight, they changed it to a flight 16 hours later so I missed my entire day of meetings. The paid internet did not work inflight so I couldn't check my connection or receive emails. The crew was not friendly, and they also wouldn't give anyone any information about their connections during the flight, which resulted in ~80 people rushing the crew and the desk. It was very messy." Pros: "Boarding and checking was effortless. The crew was attentive. Food was very good." Cons: "Seats are too cramped" Pros: "Crew was friendly. Even though we were redirected to a new gate/plane and had half hour delay, our plane arrived on time." Cons: "Was stuck next to an overweight lady who was sitting partially in my seat and crowding me. My gate was changed and we were redirected to a ghetto looking area for the gate. My luggage was not delivered along with my flight and I had to file complaint to get it delivered. It caused lots of hardship as I had no way of contacting my family to let them know I had arrived and was safe. They were all worried when I didn't come out of the airport at Hyderabad in a timely manner since I traveled alone due to an emergency." Pros: "We bought ticket from New York to Islamabd round trip ticket and fly on August 22nd. After changed plan in Abu Dhabi to Islamabad, there was rain in Islamabad and all flight diverted to Lahore, so our Etihad air plan diverted to Lahore too. once the weather cleared in few hours , all air line did fly back to Islamabad a 50 minutes flight but unfortunately Etihad air way force everyone out of airplane by force. They used police to beat up passenger very bad and drags them out. Then put all passenger in old Bus to Islamabad a 5 hours trip. One of worst air line in my life. We bought ticket for Islamabad not for Lahore. They should take us back to Islamabad after rain stop like other air line did but only Etihad air way did not fly back and beat all passenger by using police on them, it took us 34 hours to get home." Cons: "Etihad air way should apologize to each passenger and Reimburse them 1/4 of the ticket. otherwise lot of people will give up this airline . 2nad their meal was very bad. bread was not fully cooked. they cooked only Hindy food. not every person is Hindu. It welcome to providr hindu food when travel india but when it travel to Pakistan or Bangladesh it should name it Hindu meal." Pros: "Service was great, check in was easy. Planes are roomy enough for economy seating. Food was decent for airplane food." Cons: "There was a delay due to poor weather. Although I was still able to make it to my connecting flight in time, they automatically switch my flight due to my bags not having enough time to be transported to the plane. As a result, I was stranded in Abu Dhabi for 12 hours. In fairness it's not the airlines fault and they did provide a hotel and shuttle bus for my short stay. What added to the frustration was the fact that they waited for the shuttle bus to be completely full (with people sitting in aisles) before taking us to the hotel. We got there too late for dinner, since all that waiting around resulted in a two hour trip for what should have taken 20 minutes. Since we had to leave so early in the AM, we didn't get breakfast either." Cons: "AVML food was requested but I have never had worst food than on this flight (ever in my life). The crew to abu Dhabi was Ok but I had the worst experience ever on the flight to Ahmedabad. The staff was OK only. The entertainment was sub par. I recently flew Delta domestic flights and it had many newer English and Hindi movies than on this flight to India, go figure. I think even Air India may have newer and many more movie choices than this air line. I flew my sick father with Catheter business class but the restrooms in the business class were same small pigeon hole size. We could not even fit inside to empty out the bag. Don't buy business thinking of the luxury of space. It is a myth." Pros: "On this leg the general courtesy was great especially one particular hostess, Nikita. The movies and certain music on the menu were a good range." Cons: "The food! 12 hours of mediocrity in a aluminium foil. My wife and my hand held consoles were not working and hence we couldn't use our reading light besides some other functional limitations. An elderly lady sitting in front of me had a bad bout of chills because of the cabin temperature (most probably) the staff never followed up on the help that fellow passengers had given to the lady. My prior two flights with this airliner were much worse My A380 experience in the Emirates has been MUCH more spacious and great meals with a predictably jollier staff. Qatar airways can perhaps even top that. The only thing I feel etihad has over these better rivals is the convenience of the US Immigration. As a NATIONAL CARRIER of the UAE, I'm quite unimpressed and disappointed." Emirates8.3 Qatar Airways8.2 SWISS8.0 Lufthansa7.8 Etihad Airways7.3 Book cheap flights from New York to Hyderabad Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to Hyderabad found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/17Wed 3 stops 51h 35mJFK-HYD $352 Search 2/29Thu 1 stopSAUDIA 27h 40mJFK-HYD $356 Search 1/25Thu 3 stops 51h 35mJFK-HYD $364 Search 2/5Mon 1 stopAir India 19h 05mJFK-HYD $400 Search 1/29Mon 2 stopsAir India 35h 20mJFK-HYD $402 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopEtihad Airways 34h 35mJFK-HYD $465 Search 1/16Tue 1 stopQatar Airways 27h 00mJFK-HYD $476 Search 1/15Mon 1 stopEtihad Airways 34h 35mJFK-HYD $505 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopQatar Airways 18h 00mJFK-HYD $523 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopKuwait Airways 24h 35mJFK-HYD $735 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSAUDIAAir IndiaEtihad AirwaysQatar AirwaysKuwait Airways Search by price$360 or less$400 or less$470 or less$510 or less$740 or less Last minute flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Hyderabad Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to Hyderabad that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopEmirates 35h 00mJFK-HYD 12/21Thu multi-stopEmirates 20h 15mHYD-JFK $942 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopQatar Airways 29h 40mJFK-HYD 12/12Tue multi-stopQatar Airways 40h 25mHYD-JFK $964 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopEmirates 35h 00mJFK-HYD 12/19Tue multi-stopEmirates 43h 25mHYD-JFK $967 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopEmirates 35h 00mJFK-HYD 12/14Thu multi-stopEmirates 49h 15mHYD-JFK $972 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopQatar Airways 29h 40mJFK-HYD 12/11Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 22h 00mHYD-JFK $1,017 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopKuwait Airways 24h 35mJFK-HYD 12/19Tue multi-stopKuwait Airways 19h 45mHYD-JFK $1,084 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopKuwait Airways 22h 50mJFK-HYD 12/23Sat multi-stopKuwait Airways 19h 45mHYD-JFK $1,086 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAir India 20h 05mJFK-HYD 12/16Sat multi-stopAir India 20h 45mHYD-JFK $1,114 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAir India 20h 05mJFK-HYD 12/17Sun multi-stopAir India 20h 45mHYD-JFK $1,124 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopIndiGo 29h 15mJFK-HYD 12/9Sat multi-stopIndiGo 35h 55mHYD-JFK $1,273 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineEmiratesQatar AirwaysKuwait AirwaysAir IndiaIndiGo Search by price$960 or less$970 or less$1,080 or less$1,110 or less$1,270 or less New York John F Kennedy Airport - Hyderabad Flights Departure: New York John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)United States Destination: Hyderabad (HYD)India Return flight deals: Hyderabad - New York John F Kennedy Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Hyderabad Business Class flights to Hyderabad Prem Econ Class flights to Hyderabad Economy Class flights to Hyderabad Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York John F Kennedy Airport $727Flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Hyderabad Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » Hyderabad $727Flights to Hyderabad, Hyderabad Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Hyderabad flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Hyderabad from New York John F Kennedy Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Hyderabad from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.