Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to Las Vegas from C$ 99 | (YYZ - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYZ - LAS Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas from C$ 99 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 28/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Pearson Intl to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pearson Intl to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:00 p.m. - 11:05 p.m.YYZ-LAS 5h 05mdirect 11:55 p.m. - 7:05 a.m.LAS-YYZ 4h 10mdirect C$ 137Flair Airlines Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Fri, 26 Jan 9:00 p.m. - 11:05 p.m.YYZ-LAS 5h 05mdirect 11:55 p.m. - 7:05 a.m.LAS-YYZ 4h 10mdirect C$ 140Flair Airlines Find Deal Mon, 15 Jan - Thu, 18 Jan 8:30 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YYZ-LAS 4h 50mdirect 11:35 p.m. - 6:40 a.m.LAS-YYZ 4h 05mdirect C$ 162Canada Jetlines Find Deal Sun, 25 Feb - Fri, 1 Mar 8:30 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YYZ-LAS 4h 50mdirect 11:35 p.m. - 6:40 a.m.LAS-YYZ 4h 05mdirect C$ 170Canada Jetlines Find Deal Sun, 24 Mar - Fri, 29 Mar 8:05 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.YYZ-LAS 4h 55mdirect 11:30 p.m. - 6:35 a.m.LAS-YYZ 4h 05mdirect C$ 190Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Sat, 13 Jan 8:05 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.YYZ-LAS 4h 55mdirect 6:00 a.m. - 3:02 p.m.LAS-YYZ 6h 02m1 stop C$ 206Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Thu, 18 Jan 8:25 p.m. - 10:30 p.m.YYZ-LAS 5h 05mdirect 12:40 p.m. - 12:40 a.m.LAS-YYZ 9h 00m1 stop C$ 214WestJet Find Deal Sun, 17 Mar - Wed, 20 Mar 9:00 a.m. - 8:14 p.m.YYZ-LAS 14h 14m2 stops 12:40 p.m. - 12:40 a.m.LAS-YYZ 9h 00m1 stop C$ 217WestJet Find Deal Sun, 25 Feb - Fri, 1 Mar 12:30 p.m. - 6:09 p.m.YYZ-LAS 8h 39m1 stop 8:00 a.m. - 10:45 p.m.LAS-YYZ 11h 45m2 stops C$ 254United Airlines Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Wed, 13 Dec 5:35 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.YYZ-LAS 7h 25m1 stop 12:58 a.m. - 2:18 p.m.LAS-YYZ 10h 20m1 stop C$ 256United Airlines Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Fri, 19 Jan Show more results Flights from Pearson Intl to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pearson Intl to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Las Vegas is January, where tickets cost C$ 259 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are August and September, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 491 and C$ 460 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Las Vegas, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 85 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Las Vegas from Toronto Pearson Airport were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 99) and Canada Jetlines (C$ 159), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 186) and Canada Jetlines (C$ 220). Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Las Vegas. There are 4 airlines that fly direct from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Las Vegas. They are: Air Canada, Canada Jetlines, Flair Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 118. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 6 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 5h 00m. The most common departure time is 8:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 21 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 29% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas take? The duration of a direct flight to Las Vegas from Toronto Pearson Airport is typically 4h 50m. The journey crosses a distance of 5,019 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 10:15 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 12:19 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Las Vegas jets off at 9:00 pm and lands at 11:05 pm. Good to know Low season January High season April Cheapest flight C$ 99 Best time to beat the crowds (34% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 10% lower on average. Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas When to book flights from Pearson Intl to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pearson Intl to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas flights Can I fly nonstop from Toronto to Las Vegas? Yes, you can fly directly from Toronto to Harry Reid International Airport in Las Vegas (LAS). There are several airlines offering direct flights, including WestJet, Jetlines, Swoop, and Delta Air Lines. Can I take a rideshare from LAS to the downtown area of Las Vegas? Yes, both Lyft and Uber operate at LAS and can take you to your final destination in the city center. If you land at Terminal 1, the pickup location is in the parking garage on level 2. If you land at Terminal 3, you will find the meeting point on the valet level of the parking garage. What are some possible layover locations if I’m not flying directly from Toronto to Las Vegas? If you have not chosen a direct flight from YYZ to LAS, your flight will have either one or two layovers. The locations will depend on the airline you’ve chosen to fly with. For example, WestJet offers one-stop flights with stops either Calgary (YYC) or Winnipeg (YWG), JetBlue stops in New York (JFK), and Delta stops in Salt Lake City (SLC). Otherwise, your flight will have two layovers. WestJet offers two-stop flights with layovers in either Edmonton (YEG) or Winnipeg followed by a stop in Calgary. What documents will I need to fly from Toronto to Las Vegas? Canadian citizens will need a valid passport in order to take a flight from Toronto to Las Vegas. You will not need a visa unless your visit will exceed six months. Does Toronto Pearson International Airport have any lounges? If you have some free time before your flight begins boarding, consider relaxing inside one of the lounges at Toronto Pearson International Airport. There is the Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge in Terminal 1, as well as the Plaza Premium Lounge that can be found in Terminals 1 and 3. How can I travel from the city center to Toronto Pearson International Airport? There are a few different options for traveling from the city center to Toronto Pearson International Airport. If you opt to drive or take a local taxi, you can plan on the trip lasting between 20-30min, depending on traffic conditions. Those that would rather take public transportation can grab bus 7, which will bring you to the airport in around 20min. What amenities does McCarran International Airport have for those traveling with pets? Those that are traveling with pets can take note of the fact that McCarran International Airport has several indoor and outdoor pet relief areas in Terminals 1 and 3. These designated zones are equipped with small patches of grass, plastic bags, trashcans, and benches for pet owners to relax on. Does McCarran International Airport provide any amenities or services for passengers with disabilities? McCarran International Airport provides free wheelchair services for all passengers, to help those with limited mobility check-in for their flight, go through security, and arrive at their boarding gate. Elevators are also available to help passengers with disabilities arrive at different terminals and floors. If you will need help while in the airport, make sure to contact your airline before your departure, and an employee will be available to assist you. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Toronto Pearson Airport and Las Vegas, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas? There are direct flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to Las Vegas, Delta or Canada Jetlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to Las Vegas are Delta and Canada Jetlines. With an average price for the route of C$ 469 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Canada Jetlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 365 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 183 or less one-way and C$ 270 or less round-trip. Those travelling from Toronto to Las Vegas will need to exchange Canadian dollars for US dollars. If you would like to do this before you depart from Toronto at Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ). You will find ICE currency exchange offices in multiple locations in both T1 and T3 before and after security. If you have an early morning flight out of Toronto, you may want to consider booking a hotel near the airport in order to avoid the morning commute. The Sheraton Gateway Hotel is directly connected to T3 of YYZ and the ALT Hotel is directly on the line for the free Terminal Link train. When flying from Toronto to Las Vegas, you will depart from Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ). As Toronto Pearson International Airport is the primary hub for airlines like Air Canada and WestJet, it’s common for these companies to service flights between the two cities. There are usually many daily flights between Toronto and Las Vegas that are nonstop, and they are commonly operated by airlines like Delta and WestJet. Some journeys may require a layover, and these are usually offered by companies such as Air Canada, American, and United Airlines. Travelers that are accompanied by small children have a few different amenities and services available to them at Toronto Pearson International Airport. For example, there is a children’s play area in Terminal 1 that has a variety of activities and games, as well as designated family washrooms in Terminals 1 and 3. Terminals 1 and 3 also contain several nursing stations. If you’re planning on traveling to the city center after your flight has landed at McCarran International Airport (LAS), you have a few transportation options to get into Las Vegas. Driving will normally take you between 10-20min, while public transportation, such as bus 109, will take you around 1h. Hoping to get some rest after a late flight? Zero Level Fitness at McCarran International Airport has sleep rooms that you can rent by the hour. There is also the Best Western McCarran Inn that is less than a 10min walk from the airport and has a complimentary airport shuttle. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Pearson Intl to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Pearson Intl to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Pearson Intl to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air France,Delta, +2 more Air Canada,Air France, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Air Canada,Delta,Flair Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Delta, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air Canada,Delta,Flair Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Delta, +2 more 1 Thursday Air Canada,Air France,Canada Jetlines, +3 more Air Canada,Air France, +4 more 2 3 Friday Air Canada,Air France,Canada Jetlines, +3 more Air Canada,Air France, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Air Canada,Canada Jetlines,Flair Airlines Air Canada,Canada Jetlines, +1 more Sunday Air Canada,Canada Jetlines,Delta, +2 more Air Canada,Canada Jetlines, +3 more 1 2 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Delta,Flair Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Delta, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Air Canada,Delta,Flair Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Delta, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Air Canada,Delta,Flair Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Delta, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Air Canada,Canada Jetlines,Delta, +3 more Air Canada,Canada Jetlines, +4 more 2 3 Friday Air Canada,Canada Jetlines,Delta, +2 more Air Canada,Canada Jetlines, +3 more 1 2 Saturday Air Canada,Canada Jetlines,Flair Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Canada Jetlines, +2 more 1 Sunday Air Canada,Canada Jetlines,Delta, +3 more Air Canada,Canada Jetlines, +4 more 2 3 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.8 Canada JetlinesOverall score based on 394 reviews 82overall 81boarding 80comfort 71food 73entertainment 83crew Airline reviews I loved the crew's professionalism. The landing was unbelievably smooth, haven't experienced that in years I loved the crew's professionalism. The landing was unbelievably smooth, haven't experienced that in years Their system was slow so it took them well over 4 hours to complete checkin but they kept assuring us that the flight won’t leave without all the passengers as it’s their fault but at the end of 4th hour then tell us that the immigration will close for the night and the last few of us are left stranded behind. The customer service itnay open at night. The airlines does have its own crew at Toronto airport so no one to help us. Great first experience, I will definitely be flying again as soon as I can. No online check in was a bit nerve-wracking with a newer airline, and it was a bit disorganized at the airport check in but I've definitely experienced way worse with the major airlines. I arrived 2.5 hours early and had tons of time. Looking forward to new routes! Pros: "The boarding process was disorganized and chaotic. Food was OK. Crew was not unpleasant but not pleasant." Pros: "We got upgraded to business class due to getting bumped from flight." Cons: "We got bumped from our flight and split up so my wife and child had to go to Rosario on their own, and my other son and I had to take a separate flight via Buenos Aires, causing our prearranged driver to wait for many hours and significant delay and stress. Our short time in Rosario was cut shorter" Cons: "This doorbell sound was playing on repeat over the loudspeakers constantly for almost the entire second half of the flight. Drove me nuts" Pros: "I like the 2 2 seating" Cons: "Having to go to other counter to pay bag fees after check in is annoying. I get that with some fares you have to pay, but so much more efficient to swipe credit card at check in." Pros: "The aircraft was very clean, well maintained. We were 20 min late in departing because the crew waited for a passenger with disabilities to make it to the plane. That was kind. Some of the lost time was made up and this flight had no connections out of the arrival airport that day, so not a major inconvenience. Short flight, so just drink service, no entertainment. Baggage arrived promptly. All good." Pros: "The boarding process was fast. I appreciate being able to access SkyPriority boarding." Cons: "I wish my Delta SkyMiles status earned an upgrade to Business/First Class on this SkyMiles partner." Pros: "The crew inside the plane was ok" Cons: "The boarding was delayed and they didn't display the delay on the screens. When I asked the reason, 40 minutes after the displayed boarding time, they told me there was no delayed at all." Pros: "The crew was extremely helpful and friendly!" Cons: "The seats, overall, could have been more comfortable... I have somewhat of a backache after my trip." Cons: "No ear plugs offered and my iPhone jack didn’t fit." Cons: "Delayed flight planning - would have been nice to delay the flight before boarding." Cons: "Flight was delayed almost 3 hrs. Ran out of food right before my row. I upgraded my seat but feel I got the short end of the stick." Pros: "Just a great experience Delta is still above the rest excluding Hawaiian" Cons: "Cant think of anything" Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Pros: "The flight attendants were amazing. 12 people had a connecting flight and they brought a shuttle bus. You dont see that kind of service any more 10 stars for that" Cons: "Super small plane." Pros: "The overall experience on the flight was quite pleasing. The flight crew created a warm atmosphere on what was a very cold morning. Seating was not the most comfortable but the wasn't unbearable." Cons: "Delta should have a better food menu for those early flights unless the motive is to encourage everyone to eat an organic and wholesome meal prior to boarding, something we all should be doing." Cons: "After a delay of about an hour on a very full flight the gate agent asked for volunteers to check their rollaboard suitcases. The gate agents then allowed those who checked their rollaboards to board before Zone 1,which was fine. However, a bunch of people without gate check stickers on the rollaboards were also allowed to board before Zone 1, which was aggravating. There was a long delay on the tarmac, during which we had to pull back to the gate or to a maintenance area before we finally took off. When we arrived in Vegas there was no gate for us to pull into, which led to another long delay of an already long and delayed flight." Cons: "at last minute itinerary was changed.. instead of routing through Brisbane, was now routed through Sydney. Flight from Sydney to LAX was delayed by 4 hours, then missed flight LAX to LAS... overall long delayed arrival. Checked the route through Brisbane, and those flights we're all there, departed and landed all on-time... so wondering what the reason was for the change of the itinerary without a cause (no cancel or delayed flights through Brisbane)" Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good." Pros: "Excellent pre Boarding service and announcements; reasonably comfortable seats; great landing;" Cons: "There are never gluten free options in the snacks; there were no entertainment systems on the plane - that's not important to me but perhaps it is to others." Pros: "The crew worked hard to ensure that we had a good flight with minimal interruptions" Cons: "Delays always hurt, the flight was delayed yet there were no notifications and additionally the delay was closer to an hour long since boarding only started 20 minutes late." Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable because of the head rest that is attached to the seat. However the staff and crew were friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better seats" Pros: "Newest 787 plane in the fleet. Really comfortable seats and terrific in-flight entertainment" Cons: "One of the crew members seemed really bother by everything. She was not smiling or even looking at customers when handing drinks over." Pros: "Nice plane, comfortable" Cons: "We missed our runway and had to quickly ascend and retry. Disembarking the plane took 40 minutes due to the YYC skywalk being frozen. During this all communication with the passengers was minimal." Pros: "Pleasant Staff Great flight" Cons: "that i paid to get a seat next to my brother and the plane was not full and people got to sit where they liked. it cost me more money for nothing." Pros: "Staff is friendly." Cons: "We didn’t appreciate the walk from Gate 4 to Gate 41 TWICE when the departure gate was changed. We are in our 80’s and it was quite a trek!" Cons: "Missed my flight and i had to buy a new ticket to Saskatoon." I had checked in online the day before but was instructed to collect our boarding passes when we arrived. I am not completely comfortable using the automated Kiosks and always enjoy the nostalgia of speaking with someone when checking in for a flight. Upon doing so however, we were immediately asked,"did you check in online already?" To which I replied, "yes, but we were asked to retrieve our boarding passes upon arrival." She then said, "that's what those machines over there are for. We really encourage people to use those." That unfortunately sparked a series of shortness and overall poor behavior in my opinion from the woman who checked us in. I understand it was early in the morning but I am always excited to experience flying and that interaction has unfortunately left a bitter taste in my mouth to the point I will forever now hesitate to book with Porter again. Thank you for taking the time to read this. Cheers, JD Everything was fantastic, by far the best airline experience in Canada 🇨🇦! Unlike our porter connection this was great , smooth 2minutes at check in not 90 mins Food wasn’t great but it’s plane food , staff were great Pros: "Great and helpful crew" Cons: "Porter airlines mechanical failure caused 13 passengers to miss connection to DC" Cons: "The agent spents too much time attempting to rearrange the line up rather than help guests check-in, causing a backlog. When issues were brought to them, they seemed disinterested in solving the problem - water was spilled in line and when brought to the agents attention she seemed annoyed." Pros: "Hassle free" Cons: "Since it's a small bombardier the leg space is pretty restricted.. only adjustable for short flights" Pros: "I very much enjoyed the ease of traveling on Porter. It was essentially hassle free. It was also a nice change to have a choice of snacks." Cons: "We experienced a turbulent ride which of course was no fault of Porter. There was no entertainment." Pros: "Porter was great, bumped us up to an earlier flight because we had no checked baggage" Pros: "Easy airport to deal with Porter service is Awesome Like the new lounge" Cons: "I wish they would email me a link to get my lelectronic boardong pss" Cons: "Original flight cancelled. Missed connection in Toronto. Rebooked flight was delayed departing Ottawa. Layover of 2 hours in Toronto. Flight to Windsor delayed as arrival from Montreal was late. 7:30 pm departure now delayed to 8:15 pm departure. I could have drived Ottawa to Windsor in same amount of time. Total waste of money! Still waiting at lounge in Billy Bishop Airport as I write this. And the weather was perfect today! What’s going on?" Pros: "The crew was amazing, and the duration of flight time was reasonable" Cons: "Comfort of the seat, space between seats" Pros: "Crew did the best they could with the situation" Cons: "An hr delay because our plane was delayed an hr due to there being too much fuel and it seems a lot of delays that were very preventable" Pros: "Great crew - good attitudes." Cons: "Delayed for an hour due to a log book issue." Pros: "The crew was super nice and I saw them be super accommodating to other passengers which made me feel good about using their airline." Cons: "They should offer headphones" Cons: "I upgraded my seats, but we still didn’t get any extras for the price." Pros: "On time." Cons: "They had to take my bag and because no one would volunteer... sigh." Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Cons: "It took entirely too long to board the plane. Then there were ‘mechanical issues’ that needed dealt with. Well, don’t have everyone sit on the plane for 60 minutes. Don’t continuously state ‘it’ll be fifteen minutes.’ Just give straight answers" Pros: "It was fine. Just not anything great." Cons: "Many groups were not seated together. at the airport I asked if my husband and I could be put together . One worker seemed interested in helping, but another rudely butted in and said there "were no seats together, the flight was full." Come to find out the flight was not full, there were whole rows not full. The groups near our seats rearranged ourselves so we could be by our family members, so it worked out. No thanks to the person at the terminal. Really long walk from the gate to the plane. No food on a cross country flight. Only a few cups of water/soda and a cookie. which unfortunately is typical now days. The lights were off the whole trip. The captain kept turning on the seat belt sign for the turbulence. Which there was a lot of. But then he would announce for everyone to go back to their seats. It wasn't huge bumps, just a little rough. and it woke everyone up by announcing it multiple times." Cons: "The flight was delayed by an hour because one flight attended didn’t come to work on time" Canada Jetlines7.8 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 28/1Sun directFlair Airlines 5h 05mYYZ-LAS C$ 73 Search 7/1Sun directFlair Airlines 5h 05mYYZ-LAS C$ 74 Search 10/12Sun directCanada Jetlines 4h 56mYYZ-LAS C$ 117 Search 17/1Wed directAir Canada 4h 55mYYZ-LAS C$ 119 Search 15/12Fri 2 stopsWestJet 12h 38mYYZ-LAS C$ 122 Search 9/12Sat directAir Canada 4h 55mYYZ-LAS C$ 123 Search 15/12Fri 2 stopsWestJet 12h 50mYYZ-LAS C$ 126 Search 31/12Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 17h 12mYYZ-LAS C$ 169 Search 16/2Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 15h 21mYYZ-LAS C$ 176 Search 14/12Thu directCanada Jetlines 4h 50mYYZ-LAS C$ 181 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesCanada JetlinesAir CanadaWestJetUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 70 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 170 or lessC$ 180 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 5h 05mYYZ-LAS 2/2Fri directFlair Airlines 4h 10mLAS-YYZ C$ 150 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 5h 05mYYZ-LAS 2/3Sat directFlair Airlines 4h 10mLAS-YYZ C$ 151 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 5h 05mYYZ-LAS 2/3Sat directFlair Airlines 4h 10mLAS-YYZ C$ 152 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 13h 15mYYZ-LAS 8/12Fri multi-stopAir Canada 7h 23mLAS-YYZ C$ 286 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 11h 50mYYZ-LAS 2/2Fri multi-stopWestJet 9h 53mLAS-YYZ C$ 302 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 11h 14mYYZ-LAS 8/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 31h 03mLAS-YYZ C$ 306 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 16h 49mYYZ-LAS 5/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 10h 22mLAS-YYZ C$ 308 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 26mYYZ-LAS 2/3Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 43mLAS-YYZ C$ 311 Search 1/12Fri directCanada Jetlines 4h 50mYYZ-LAS 3/12Sun directCanada Jetlines 4h 05mLAS-YYZ C$ 313 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 13h 15mYYZ-LAS 9/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 8h 41mLAS-YYZ C$ 334 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesAir CanadaWestJetUnited AirlinesCanada Jetlines Search by priceC$ 150 or lessC$ 290 or lessC$ 310 or lessC$ 310 or lessC$ 330 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: C$ 2,311 First Class flights to Las Vegas C$ 1,646 Business Class flights to Las Vegas C$ 1,113 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas C$ 181 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 174Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas C$ 174Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Las Vegas from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.