Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad from $430 | (SFO - HYD) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - HYD Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad from $430 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/24. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Hyderabad These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Hyderabad. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Hyderabad. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Hyderabad?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:00 pm - 4:30 pmSFO-HYD 31h 00m1 stop 8:20 am - 6:00 pmHYD-SFO 22h 10m1 stop $952Air India Find Deal Sat, Feb 24 - Sat, Apr 13 1:40 pm - 7:45 amSFO-HYD 28h 35m2 stops 1:55 am - 1:30 pmHYD-SFO 48h 05m2 stops $953Lufthansa Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Fri, Mar 22 5:25 pm - 7:45 amSFO-HYD 48h 50m3 stops 9:35 pm - 4:15 pmHYD-SFO 32h 10m2 stops $963SWISS Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sun, Feb 11 5:25 pm - 7:45 amSFO-HYD 48h 50m3 stops 9:35 pm - 4:15 pmHYD-SFO 32h 10m2 stops $964SWISS Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Tue, Feb 13 2:50 pm - 8:20 amSFO-HYD 28h 00m1 stop 9:10 pm - 1:50 pmHYD-SFO 29h 10m1 stop $1,046Qatar Airways Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Mon, Mar 11 2:50 pm - 2:35 amSFO-HYD 22h 15m1 stop 3:40 am - 12:50 pmHYD-SFO 22h 40m1 stop $1,047Qatar Airways Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Feb 15 9:40 am - 9:55 pmSFO-HYD 22h 45m1 stop 11:10 pm - 8:50 amHYD-SFO 22h 10m1 stop $1,067Singapore Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Mon, Mar 25 9:40 am - 9:55 pmSFO-HYD 22h 45m1 stop 11:10 pm - 7:50 amHYD-SFO 22h 10m1 stop $1,076Singapore Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 28 - Tue, Feb 6 6:01 am - 9:00 amSFO-HYD 37h 29m2 stops 7:25 am - 7:30 pmHYD-SFO 24h 35m1 stop $1,137American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sat, Mar 16 1:22 pm - 7:15 amSFO-HYD 52h 23m2 stops 7:25 am - 6:35 pmHYD-SFO 24h 40m1 stop $1,150American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 2 - Mon, Mar 4 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Francisco to Hyderabad? The average price of all flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Hyderabad on a Tuesday and more expensive on a Friday. On your return trip to San Francisco, you should consider flying back on a Tuesday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Hyderabad? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad is September, where tickets cost $1,056 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $2,178 and $1,919 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Hyderabad? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Hyderabad, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 82 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Singapore Airlines ($430) and Etihad Airways ($617). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Air India ($952) and Lufthansa ($953). How long does a flight from San Francisco to Hyderabad take? There are no direct flights for this route listed on KAYAK. The shortest multi-flight duration is 20h 20m. Good to know Low season August High season December Cheapest flight $430 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 17% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 48% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to Hyderabad When to book flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Hyderabad based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad How do I get from Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (HYD) to Golconda Fort? Golconda Fort lies about 17 miles from HYD, and there are several options to get you here. An APSRTC Airport Liner bus departs from the HYD every 30min and arrives here after around 47min. However, if you want to be there quickly, a taxi comes in handy, with a travel time of about 22min. How can I get to SFO from downtown San Francisco? San Francisco International Airport lies approximately 13.3 miles from downtown San Francisco. BART provides a fast, easy, low-cost way to commute between the two destinations. With this option, you're sure to avoid road traffic and get to San Francisco International Airport in about 30min, with three to four trains offering convenient departures each hour. BART stations are located at the Civic Center, Powell Street, Montgomery Street, and Embarcadero. Are there any services for passengers with limited mobility at the HYD upon their arrival? Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (HYD) offers services to passengers with mobility limitations upon their arrival from San Francisco. The airport has a wheelchair lift or Verti-lift for senior citizens and passengers with limited mobility. ﻿There are elevators to aid the movement of those in wheelchairs from one floor to the next, while dedicated airline staff guide passengers airline staff towards the baggage claim area. Are there any restrictions at the Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (HYD)? The airport has a strict photography policy. In effect, no one is allowed to take still or motion pictures or videotape for commercial use or public exhibition without the requisite permit. Anything contrary to this rule is liable for prosecution. Is there a hotel at Hyderabad airport? Also run by Premium Plaza, there is a transit hotel at Hyderabad airport situated close to the car park. Rooms are facilitated with showers and TVs and invite visitors to rest. A choice off the airport, but very close, is the Novotel Hyderabad Airport. This 5-star choice is an upmarket accommodation with a free airport shuttle service as well as a spa center and pool. How can I reach Hyderabad from the airport? The Pushbak Airport Liners are air-conditioned, modern buses which connect the airport with Hyderabad. Buses depart 24/7 in regular intervals from the airport to various spots in the city, such as the Jubilee Bus Station. Tickets cost approximately ₹ 280 ($4) and can be purchased at the bus stops. Alternatively, taxis are also a convenient option, but considerably more expensive with a fare of approximately ₹ 500 ($7.20). Can I rent a car at Hyderabad airport? If you want to rent a car during your time in Hyderabad, head to the car rental counters in the arrivals hall. Companies represented at the airport are Carzonrent and One Car Rental, and you may either go for a self-drive car or book one with a driver for even more flexibility and convenience. Are there any 24-hour restaurants at San Francisco Airport? Does your flight from San Francisco to Hyderabad take off very late? No problem; at San Francisco airport there are plenty of eateries open 24/7. In Terminal 1 at Boarding Area C, pre-security, there is a Green Beans Coffee which offers snacks and coffee round the clock. In the international terminal’s food court, there is also Roasting Plant Coffee, where you can enjoy pastries and hot coffee whenever you want. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Hyderabad? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Hyderabad from San Francisco. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Hyderabad? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between San Francisco and Hyderabad, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Hyderabad from San Francisco? New Delhi is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from San Francisco to Hyderabad. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad, Singapore Airlines or Qatar Airways? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad are Singapore Airlines and Qatar Airways. With an average price for the route of $1,483 and an overall rating of 8.6, Singapore Airlines is the most popular choice. Qatar Airways is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,860 and an overall rating of 8.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Hyderabad? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Hyderabad from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Hyderabad with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and HYD can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Hyderabad? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Hyderabad from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to Hyderabad San Francisco International Airport (SFO) has fantastic lounges accessible to all passengers at a reduced cost. Several airlines run their lounges at this facility, including American Airlines Admirals Club and Delta Sky Club. If you're flying with Emirates Airways, their lounge is located at Terminal A, between Gates A2 and A6, Level 3, Post-Security. Those who need to drop off their rental cars before their long haul from SFO to Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (HYD) have various options. The AirTrain Blue Line connects the parking garages to all terminals and terminal garages. This service runs at regular intervals of between 5-15min. SFO only features four passenger terminals: one International Terminal and Domestic terminals 1, 2 and 3. You can transfer between terminals by walking or riding the AirTrain, an automated terminal transit system at SFO. Still, passengers can walk from one terminal to another. For those scheduled to depart early from SFO, consider spending a night at one of the fantastic hotels near the airport. Most of these hotels have courtesy shuttles to drop you at the terminal. Therefore, consider booking a room at the La Quinta Inn & Suites by Wyndham San Francisco Airport West and avoid the morning traffic while heading to the airport. Lactating moms should keep in mind that SFO has private nursing rooms for their comfort when breastfeeding and pumping. They’re located in Terminal 3, near gates E5, F4 and F16. The rooms have seats and sinks at your disposal. There are no nonstop flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad; however, Air India flies with only one stop for a shorter and more convenient travel experience. Layovers for this airline are usually in New Delhi. Before boarding the long flight from San Francisco to Hyderabad, explore the many things San Francisco International Airport (SFO) has to offer. An Aviation Museum & Library are located in the main terminal hall before the security check-in and provide passengers with informative entertainment before they head to the check-in. Travelers flying with children will appreciate the various Kids’ Spots located all around San Francisco Airport. In Terminal 3, the interactive hotspot can be found in the Boarding Area F and in Terminal 2 in Boarding Area D. For slightly more grown-up entertainment, you can appreciate the exhibits in the SFO Museum at San Francisco Airport. Spread throughout the terminals, regional artists display their pictures, installations, or sculptures to enhance your airport experience. Whether you want to have a shower after your long flight from San Francisco to Hyderabad or use business facilities, in the Premium Plaza Lounge at Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (HYD) you can do both and more. The lounge is located in the arrivals level and is the perfect place to unwind after a long flight. A 2-hour pass costs approximately ₹ 1,200 ($18), and massage packages are an extra charge. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Hyderabad See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Hyderabad. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Hyderabad? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.6 Singapore AirlinesOverall score based on 3982 reviews 89crew 86entertainment 85comfort 83food 88boarding 87overall Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was super nice and the food was good (for plane food)! Really appreciated that they had snacks and chocolate on hand for hungry passengers throughout the flight. A 17 hour plane ride is never the best, but Singapore Air made it as pleasant as possible. Also, we booked on Kayak and was routed through a third party vendor JustFly, which I was a little worried about - but our booking went off without a hitch."Read more about Singapore Airlines Pros: "Crew was super nice and the food was good (for plane food)! Really appreciated that they had snacks and chocolate on hand for hungry passengers throughout the flight. A 17 hour plane ride is never the best, but Singapore Air made it as pleasant as possible. Also, we booked on Kayak and was routed through a third party vendor JustFly, which I was a little worried about - but our booking went off without a hitch." Pros: "I liked that on the longest leg of my trip - I had an entire row to myself to stretch out. Im old, things like that are important...along with compression socks...haha!" Cons: "I think the food - I dont know exactly what, because we're on a plane - but I think it could be a bit more appealing? More greens, colors? Not sure, but it was okay." Pros: "Excellent crew and very well dressed and always smiling" Cons: "The lights were switched off for a very long time. That can be avoided" Pros: "The crew did a wonderful job of anticipating needs and having all the little ammenities you could want." Cons: "They gave you a menu at the start of the flight but didn't serve any of that food, and the food wasn't very good" Pros: "Crew was polite." Cons: "For such a long journey, the plane could have been nicer." Pros: "Handset to control screen didn’t work. Airline reimbursed me with $75 voucher for inflight duty-free shop." Cons: "Aircrew took my carry on away while I was waiting to board saying it was too large; left me without the essential items I wanted during the 19.5 hours in the air and two plane changes. Other people were allowed to keep carry ons bigger than mine so I don't understand why they did this." Pros: "The crew werr very helpful and patient and so many languages they knew. Impressive they need a raise" Cons: "The seats were uncomfortable I slept 30 min at a time on my 14hr flight. The food is nice but a bit bland the first time its amazing but after more than 2 planes mix it up plz" Pros: "Staff very attentive not disturbed after meal The smiles and demeanor of the staff" Cons: "The flat bed is not comfotable needed help from attendanr all the time felt like i was constricted" Pros: "The plane was new. The in flight entertainment system was good, although I never got to experience it fully because the Flight attendant kept switching it off, as I had paid extra (an arm and a leg) for a “bulkhead seat”" Cons: "The service was beyond awful! The Flight Attendants had a “could care less” attitude. I had special ordered a meal, and they gave me the wrong one. I did not want to make a big deal, so I just ate it. Then they did not offer any beverages when the meal came! I literally had to beg them to make me their famous “Singapore sling”. Shocking really!!. When I had my coffee, my request for cream and sugar went ignored THREE times. Finally they grudgingly gave me only cream, rendering my coffee undrinkable. .....And the list goes on. Never ever will I travel on this horrid airline again!" Very Old flight. I didn’t expect to see this old flight. The entertainment system was very poor for a 15+ hours flight. The staff was amazing and food could is no bad could be better. Crew members service are at its best Seating area is very compact, could be better Boarding was delayed by 2 hours since the machine that assigned boarding passes broke down and we were left waiting to drop our luggage Excellent service and very comfortable business class for a long journey. Carry on bags in business class weight limits The boarding was very unorganized, they had my dad “83 years old “ stand for long time to Wait in the line then stand behind the counter, we had two kids with us but the separated my dad from us for long time Was worse than a low cost carrier. Experience needs to be better for the price paid. Food, entertainment and blankets are minimum requirements for an international flight with a duration of 3+ hrs. None was in this flight and very dirty bathrooms on the top of it. Pros: "Food is delicious" Cons: "Paid WIFI this time was horrible for the half of the trip WIFI don’t work" Pros: "Nothing to like on that flight." Cons: "Very poor customer service, Qatar Airways should be ashamed of providing worst than third world kind service in the Doha - Dhaka route." Pros: "Staff are very polite and helpful (ground staff and in the air)." Cons: "The food was hit and miss. Some of it was good and some of it used ketchup as a sauce. The economy seats have been stripped down to budget airline level padding and the rows seem have been been jammed in a little closer." Pros: "Nothing. There was no flight. The flight was cancelled and you did not notify us. We found it out ourselves by accident. We tried to contact you guys but we could not call or anything other. You guys suck" Cons: "Notify your customers when the flight is cancelled. Thats the least you can do. Very unprofessional" Cons: "The sitting was so very small, I never traveled so crumpled." Pros: "Good crew, food was good for airline food. Entertainment offerings were good." Cons: "Too many seats, 3-4-3 configuration means not even enough room to walk down aisle without bumping people in their narrow seats." Pros: "Crew were great" Cons: "Cabin kept very hot, very difficult to sleep. Seats were so-so comfortable" Pros: "Orderly boarding process. Considerate reseating when bulkhead with extra legroom were not usable." Pros: "The crew was amazingly efficient serving food and drink. In the recline position the seat bottom extended which was far more comfortable than simply reclining." Cons: "The food was mediocre and the selection of movies was very limited." Pros: "Smooth transfer from Terminal 3 to the International Terminal. Great airport. Easy boarding, friendly crew and very smooth flight." Cons: "I was very happy with my flight experience with Swiss." Pros: "The seat was ok, I paid $ 115 per Trip ( total of $ 230) just to sit at the emergency exit to have some leg room and then I am sitting next to the bathroom and people stepping on my feet because they tend to hang out around the bathroom." Cons: "The flight attendant not wearing perfume. Food was very poor to say the least." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "Boarding by rows and not like cows all at one time" Pros: "The food was great. The service is excellent. Swiss Air gets an A+." Cons: "The aircraft arrived late in Istanbul for the connecting flight to Egypt causing us to miss out flight which made us wait 5+ hours in the airport which was a huge inconvenience." Pros: "I don’t like any thing take them over 5 hour to take me to the hotel" Cons: "Everything I don’t like I don’t think so I will fly for free even" Pros: "Timing. Food and service" Cons: "Unanounced delay of about one hour due to long unexplained route" Pros: "Food and entertainment was great." Cons: "Delayed at origin and layover. Crew was a bit hard to track down at times." Cons: "The booking experience was exceptionally bad. Never again through you." Pros: "Excellent service and food. Good selection of movies. Great overall experience." Cons: "Crying baby and squealing toddler." Pros: "Food Free wine and drinks Good movie selection Good headphones Good and nice team" Cons: "Istanbul Airport: Overcrowding at Arrival / Transit Terminal Way finding-poor signage for transit passengers" Pros: "The service was excellent and the staff was so professional and nice" Pros: "Entertainment" Cons: "Staff was less than friendly and seats were not very comfortable in coach." I travel frequently. The flight was late again... KLM should really try and be on time The flight itself it was great nice food the crew were very nice and helpful, Checking in from Birmingham wasn't great long queues for bag dropped, And I had my hand luggage case taken away from me even though I requested to have it with me as I had breakables items. I was told I can not because of the length of the flight with no explanation at all no options was given for me to take my fragile items out of my case it was taken away with hold buggage I find the staff member who was checking me in very unpleasant !! Can we please be advise if the rules have changed about the the carry on hand luggage it will be easier to be advise on booking your tickect if we not allowed to take the hand luggage with me. Overall I had a good flight . one of my bags was drenched with fish smelling water and all my new clothes bought at dublin and the 23kg checked in bag were all gone waste with very pungent fish smell and also having stains Cons: "No internet available (2020). For the my previous flight, a month ago, was the same problem." Pros: "The crew was professional & friendly" Cons: "Food was terrible honestly, entertainment system didn't work on 1st flight." Pros: "Almost everything, especially the crew." Cons: "Don’t feel like anything should be better to be honest" Pros: "The crew was amazing, flight on schedule and good entertainment." Cons: "Space is just reasonable on a long flight, even if there's seats more spacious that you could choose if you pay more." Cons: "Flight 2 hours delayed, started boarding but had to wait on line 10 more minutes on boarding ramp for plane door to be opened, upon landing in Dublin had to wait on tarmac for anther 15 minutes for stairs to arrive and be connected to airplane. Then had to wait another hour for checked luggage...." Cons: "The flight was cancelled and had to be rerouted on United Airlines." Pros: "Last year I flew Lufthansa which was my worst experience flying ever. I thought the new standard was so low I would never fly to Europe again. I had heard KLM was good but I felt this was as good as could be expected actually much better. The food was even good." Cons: "I would have to dream something up." Singapore Airlines8.6 Qatar Airways8.2 SWISS8.0 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Hyderabad found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/24Sat 1 stopSingapore Airlines 22h 45mSFO-HYD $430 Search 1/21Sun 1 stopSingapore Airlines 22h 45mSFO-HYD $432 Search 1/23Tue 1 stopSingapore Airlines 22h 45mSFO-HYD $433 Search 2/22Thu 2 stopsAir India 29h 40mSFO-HYD $633 Search 2/24Sat 2 stopsLufthansa 28h 35mSFO-HYD $637 Search 2/3Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 23h 25mSFO-HYD $797 Search 1/30Tue 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 39h 31mSFO-HYD $802 Search 12/3Sun 1 stopQatar Airways 22h 15mSFO-HYD $908 Search 1/5Fri 1 stopAir India 23h 15mSFO-HYD $959 Search 1/12Fri 1 stopQatar Airways 21h 40mSFO-HYD $965 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSingapore AirlinesAir IndiaLufthansaAmerican AirlinesQatar Airways Search by price$430 or less$630 or less$800 or less$910 or less$970 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stop 46h 35mSFO-HYD 2/4Sun multi-stop 24h 10mHYD-SFO $1,094 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 35h 30mSFO-HYD 2/4Sun multi-stop 27h 30mHYD-SFO $1,127 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 29h 20mSFO-HYD 2/18Sun multi-stopLufthansa 29h 45mHYD-SFO $1,245 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 31h 16mSFO-HYD 12/7Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 34h 10mHYD-SFO $1,274 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 31h 16mSFO-HYD 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 45h 17mHYD-SFO $1,283 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 27h 20mSFO-HYD 12/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 29h 45mHYD-SFO $1,362 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopQatar Airways 28h 00mSFO-HYD 2/17Sat multi-stopQatar Airways 22h 40mHYD-SFO $1,466 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopQatar Airways 22h 15mSFO-HYD 12/15Fri multi-stopQatar Airways 22h 40mHYD-SFO $1,484 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAir India 25h 00mSFO-HYD 12/11Mon multi-stopAir India 32h 00mHYD-SFO $1,612 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAir India 22h 00mSFO-HYD 12/13Wed multi-stopAir India 20h 25mHYD-SFO $1,622 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLufthansaAmerican AirlinesQatar AirwaysAir India Search by price$1,130 or less$1,270 or less$1,360 or less$1,480 or less$1,620 or less San Francisco - Hyderabad Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: Hyderabad (HYD)India Return flight deals: Hyderabad - San Francisco Cabin classes: First Class flights to Hyderabad Business Class flights to Hyderabad Prem Econ Class flights to Hyderabad Economy Class flights to Hyderabad Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $761Flights from San Francisco to Hyderabad Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » Hyderabad $761Flights to Hyderabad, Hyderabad Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Hyderabad flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Hyderabad from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Hyderabad from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.