Cheap Flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas from $35 | (MSP - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MSP - LAS Find cheap flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas from $35 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/10. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Minneapolis to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:40 pm - 12:25 amMSP-LAS 3h 45mnonstop 9:30 am - 2:39 pmLAS-MSP 3h 09mnonstop $69 Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Fri, Jan 5 12:00 pm - 1:23 pmMSP-LAS 3h 23mnonstop 8:30 am - 1:39 pmLAS-MSP 3h 09mnonstop $71Sun Country Air Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Sat, Jan 20 10:40 pm - 12:13 amMSP-LAS 3h 33mnonstop 4:30 pm - 9:39 pmLAS-MSP 3h 09mnonstop $74Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Fri, Jan 26 10:40 pm - 12:25 amMSP-LAS 3h 45mnonstop 4:30 pm - 9:39 pmLAS-MSP 3h 09mnonstop $76Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 3 - Wed, Jan 10 10:58 pm - 8:52 amMSP-LAS 11h 54m1 stop 9:02 am - 7:22 pmLAS-MSP 8h 20m1 stop $98Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Wed, Jan 17 10:58 pm - 8:52 amMSP-LAS 11h 54m1 stop 12:59 am - 11:51 amLAS-MSP 8h 52m1 stop $111Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Mon, Jan 15 6:10 am - 7:57 amMSP-LAS 3h 47mnonstop 12:45 am - 5:53 amLAS-MSP 3h 08mnonstop $198Delta Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Thu, Jan 11 6:10 am - 7:57 amMSP-LAS 3h 47mnonstop 12:45 am - 5:55 amLAS-MSP 3h 10mnonstop $218Delta Find Deal Sun, Jan 7 - Sun, Jan 7 1:48 pm - 10:42 pmMSP-LAS 10h 54m1 stop 10:01 am - 9:44 pmLAS-MSP 9h 43m2 stops $220American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Tue, Jan 30 5:00 am - 12:00 pmMSP-LAS 9h 00m2 stops 6:32 am - 2:00 pmLAS-MSP 5h 28m1 stop $222American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Sat, Jan 13 Show more results Flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? The average price of all flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Minneapolis to Las Vegas, Monday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Thursday is the most expensive. Flying from Las Vegas back to Minneapolis, the best deals are generally found on Thursday, with Monday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas is September, where tickets cost $178 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are March and April, where the average cost of tickets is $300 and $288 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Minneapolis to Las Vegas, you should book around 5 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 16 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Sun Country Air offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $35. KAYAK users also found Minneapolis to Las Vegas round-trip flights on Sun Country Air from $71 and on Spirit Airlines from $74. Which airlines fly most frequently between Minneapolis and Las Vegas? Delta connects Minneapolis to Las Vegas with up to 2 flights per day. Southwest also offers 1 flight per day, while Sun Country Air follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Minneapolis and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Minneapolis to Las Vegas. They are: Delta, Southwest, Spirit Airlines and Sun Country Air. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $53 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Minneapolis and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 7 nonstop flights that take off from Minneapolis and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 3h 40m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 38 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Minneapolis and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Minneapolis to Las Vegas take? Direct flights take on average 3h 21m to travel the 1,297 miles between Minneapolis and Las Vegas. What’s the earliest departure time from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Minneapolis at 5:50 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 7:33 am. What’s the latest departure time from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Minneapolis to Las Vegas jets off at 10:40 pm and lands at 12:25 am. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $35 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 24% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 28% increase in price. Flight from Minneapolis to Las Vegas When to book flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Minneapolis to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas Where are the sleeping pods at Harry Reid International Airport? If you wish to catch some sleep after your flight to Las Vegas, you’ll find sleeping rooms at Zero Level Fitness in Terminal 1. The establishment is a gym, but it also provides sleep rooms, with each room furnished with a single bed, microwave, and fridge. Access to the room also gives you access to the showers, lockers, and fitness center. The rooms are available for a minimum of 2h, and you can also book them for 24h. What family services are offered at Harry Reid International Airport? Private nursing rooms are provided in all terminals with access to a bench, table, and USB outlets. The airport is also dotted with family washrooms, which you’ll find baby changing facilities inside. The airport has provided a kids’ play area in Terminal 1, airside, just above the rotunda for the older kids. What are the transport options from Harry Reid International Airport? The Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada (RTC), Westcliff Airport Express (WAX), and Centennial Express operate buses from LAS to downtown. The RTC buses are available outside Terminal 1, while the other two companies operate from Terminal 3. Group shuttles are also available, and they provide door-to-door services to areas in and around Las Vegas. There are intercity shuttles at LAS, and these strictly travel to communities outside Las Vegas. Taxis are an option too, just outside Terminals 1 and 3, while rental cars are at the rental car center outside the airport with shuttles running every 3min. What are the most eco-friendly airlines flying from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? Around 787 kg of carbon is emitted per passenger on flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas. However, flying with Spirit Airlines, Delta, and Southwest Airlines significantly reduces this figure. These airlines emit 58%, 49%, and 48% less carbon per passenger on flights from MSP to LAS. Moreover, they offer nonstop flights on this route. Where can I go shopping at Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport? If you are interested in purchasing any leather goods or accessories, stop by Baggallini, a small boutique located near Gate 15 of Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport. For those who are golf enthusiasts, make sure to go to the PGA-MSP retail center in Terminal 1 of the airport. Are there any amenities for members of the military at Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport? If you or a member of your immediate family is in the armed forces, you are eligible to go to the Armed Forces Service Center for free. Located near the ticketing lobby of Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport, this center provides travelers with free snacks, comfortable chairs, and access to televisions. Does McCarran International Airport have anywhere to shower? To refresh yourself after a long flight, there are several places to shower at McCarran International Airport. The Club at LAS lounge and Centurion Lounge both offer shower access and toiletry bags to travelers who have purchased access passes, while the Zero Fitness gym has several private showers that guests can use as well. Which hotels have a free shuttle service to McCarran International Airport? For those looking for a budget-friendly hotel, select the Best Western McCarran Inn, which has a free shuttle to McCarran International Airport and is 2 mi from the Las Vegas Strip. The Hyatt Place Las Vegas is a chic option that also has an airport shuttle and offers complimentary parking for all of its guests. Do I need a passport to fly between Minneapolis and Las Vegas? A passport is not required to fly from Minneapolis to Las Vegas. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Minneapolis to Las Vegas flight route: Delta, Spirit Airlines, Horizon Air, Cape Air, American Airlines, Silver Airways, Alaska Airlines, Undisclosed Carrier, and JetBlue. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Minneapolis to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Minneapolis and Las Vegas. On which days can I fly direct from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? There are nonstop flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $393 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $298 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Minneapolis is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Minneapolis with another airline. Booking your flights between Minneapolis and LAS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Minneapolis up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from MSP to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $78 or less one-way and $148 or less round-trip. Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport (MSP) is a big airport with two terminals and eight concourses. The airport has provided the LTR inter-terminal transportation and a special needs minivan for those traveling with kids, the elderly, or the physically challenged to facilitate travel between the two terminals. You’re welcome to unwind at the United Airlines and Delta lounges at MSP. Access to these lounges needs only your flight ticket and a one-time fee. Escape Lounge and the PGA MSP Lounge are the other lounges you can access by only paying at the door. MSP is ADA compliant and a fully accessible airport. MSP has step-free access to all airport areas and has provided accessible restrooms. Electric carts are also available at Terminal 1 for passengers with special needs. Several measures, including close captioning, video relay interpreting, and visual paging, are in place for the hearing impaired. MSP works with Aira to provide on-demand assistance for the blind. Pets are welcome at MSP. However, pets need to remain in their carriers while traveling through MSP. The airport has a pet hotel for grooming and daycare services at several pet relief areas in Terminals 1 and 2. Start your Las Vegas adventure at Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) at the gaming lounge if you can’t wait to hit The Strip. The airport has slot machines where you can try your luck. For travelers interested in flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas that offer extra perks, book your ticket with United Airlines, as you can pay a small fee to receive additional legroom. To ensure that you do not have a layover and that you are provided with a comfortable seat, make your reservation with American or Delta Airlines. To stretch your legs after a long day of traveling, stroll along one of the several walking paths in Terminals 1 and 3 of McCarran International Airport (LAS). These FlyFit! walking trails range in length and intensity, with many of them eventually leading to the airport’s baggage claim in the Arrivals terminal. If you are traveling for work, stop by the MSP Airport Conference Center before your flight from Minneapolis to Las Vegas takes off. Located in the main terminal of Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport (MSP), this center provides travelers with many useful services, including workstations, copy machines, high-speed Internet, and laptop rentals. Need to quickly charge your portable device before heading to your hotel? Keep your eyes open for one of the numerous ChargeCarte Rapid Chargers scattered around McCarran International Airport. These charging stations cost only a small fee, and they can charge most cell phones and MP3 players up to twice as quickly as normal. To unwind before boarding your flight, pay a visit to the Elevations Luxury Spa that is located in Terminal 1 of Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport. This spa offers many services including facials, waxing, body wraps, and massages, making it a convenient place for you to receive some pampering. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Minneapolis St Paul to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Minneapolis St Paul to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Minneapolis St Paul to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Thursday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Friday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Saturday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Sunday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Minneapolis St Paul Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Thursday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Friday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Saturday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Sunday Air France, Delta, KLM, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Minneapolis to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Minneapolis to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Minneapolis to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 87boarding 84comfort 78food 80entertainment 86overall 90crew Airline reviews Pros: "Crew were relaxed, friendly and patient." Cons: "Seats could be more comfortable. When I swiveled the air, the swivel was dirty. You can tell it might be cleaned but the swivel is probably not moved and cleaned." Pros: "Crew were relaxed, friendly and patient." Cons: "Seats could be more comfortable. When I swiveled the air, the swivel was dirty. You can tell it might be cleaned but the swivel is probably not moved and cleaned." Pros: "Not much" Cons: "Circulation of fresh air in cabin and a quicker takeoff. Too crowded." Cons: "There was a 30 minute delay on second leg of my trip but it was no problem getting to Scaramento early" Cons: "In-flight entertainment was essentially nonexistent. WiFi connection kept cutting out. The seats were extremely narrow and uncomfortable." Cons: "My 2 flights had less than 1 hour in between. The St Louis flight was delayed 20 mins initially then while waiting on board while carry-on bag checking delayed us further. My layover was down to 20 mins. Once we arrived to Vegas, the sky bridge wasn’t ready, my next flight was done boarding." Pros: "Pretty good legroom but this flight is otherwise bare bones. You don't even get a cup of water. Staff were rude. We were delayed three hours. No compensation was given for anyone missing their events or connecting flights. My large medical assist dog was shoved under the seat. Never again. Expensive" Cons: "Everything could have been better. I'll never fly with spirit again." Pros: "Crew was amazing and pilot was friendly to passengers and took time to greet and talk to some of the passengers." Cons: "Flight was delayed 3.25 hours. But no explanation from staff at the gates plus gates being moved from one to the other. In our case about 3 times and one of the gates doen't even exist. Had to cancel plans for nice Mother's Day dinner with my family since we're already tired sitting in the airport." Pros: "Had only 1/3 of my seat because the neighbor was a huge guy. Extremely uncomfortable 4+ hour flight" Cons: "They should have some type of screening to make sure that a passenger can fit in the chair." Pros: "Arrived safely." Cons: "Everything else. Southwest is the economy bus line of the sky. Substandard in every way." Pros: "Crew was fantastic! Plane was clean." Cons: "WiFi not working on flight from Dallas to Las Vegas." Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport" Pros: "The snack was a whole sandwich that was quite tasty and in my opinion far better than the two meals I was served on my US to Europe flight on Condor. The staff were very kind, accommodating and served us damp linens to wipe our hands with before eating, which I did not receive on the Condor flight." Pros: "Overall, a great experience." Cons: "The flight attendants were excellent overall, but one of them reacted unprofessionally when I asked her to throw something away prior to departure. (I believe it was the first class flight attendant, as I did not interact with her again after take off)." Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Pros: "No hassle and easy boarding." Cons: "More room and limit on size of luggage in the overhead compartment." Pros: "The flight itself was as expected." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3+ hours with no reasoning shared with travelers. No compensation, complimentary beverage, etc. was provided." Cons: "Miss airline meals but realize this was a short flight. Everyone was great." Pros: "Crew was amazing and friendly. Clean, chargers for phones in front of the seat and free WiFi for messaging on board." Cons: "Offered free movie watching but our iPhones didn’t have plugs for earbuds, so we couldn’t enjoy it because it would disturb others having the sound on." Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "I didn’ ask for internet but i was charged$25 I don’t know what to name it !" Pros: "Friendly staff" Cons: "No food offered but I usually don’t eat food but some passengers were asking about the food service" Pros: "The crew was extremely helpful and friendly!" Cons: "The seats, overall, could have been more comfortable... I have somewhat of a backache after my trip." Pros: "Crew was nice and friendly" Cons: "The economy seats in an A321 are uncomfortable and there is very limited legroom." Pros: "The crew on both legs of our trip were nice and accommodating." Cons: "Flight attendant in First class was visibly frustrated and unfriendly. He was not helping with my simple request for a blanket. Also, the were no food service in first class." Pros: "This is a delayed flight after having my flight to the previous night delayed to the extent that I could not take it and make my connecting flight out of Minneapolis." Cons: "This is a delayed flight after having my flight to the previous night delayed to the extent that I could not take it and make my connecting flight out of Minneapolis." Pros: "On this short flight, the flight attendant was wonderful, accommodating special requests and being fully engaged with passengers. On time departure, early arrival, overall a nice quick flight to Duluth." Cons: "CRJ200 planes are always a bit cramped, and having to gate check anything bigger than a small purse is an inconvenience. Hopefully the fleet will change over to the Embrair planes soon. Beware 'Basic' flyers (cheap tickets): you are not eligible to take an earlier flight even if available." Pros: "crew was amazing" Cons: "there was water leaking from window during landing and the food was not hot and was just bland and uncooked" Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Pros: "Food was excellent. I had the pasta. Loved watching movies." Cons: "I’m would be much better if I can sit by my husband." Pros: "Over crowded. Scaled down the aisle to add extra seats. I weigh 100lbs. and am 5'2". My knees were crammed into seat in front of me. No beverage or food service and no discount for that." Cons: "More worried about carry on luggage than customer experience." Pros: "The flight got delayed and than it was also late" Cons: "Be on time" Pros: "Nothing, delay and than the plane was late" Cons: "Be on time and don’t be late, time is money" Cons: "2 hour delay due to mechanical issues on plane requiring reboarding to new plane. Damaged our luggage as well" Cons: "I missed the flight because they did not allow online check in. The check in closed 45 min before the flight and I got to the airport 35 min before the flight because my first flight at LGA was cancelled and I had to spend $250 to uber yo EWR. They charged me $200 and only refunded me vouchers" Cons: "We were unable to check in with SunCountry .. very frustrating!" Pros: "The upgraded seats were worth it." Cons: "Everything else. Had me listen as wrong gender. Had to pay extra to fix it. Couldn’t get checked in early. Spent 30 minutes with the agent to get a ticket, went to gate and was told I need to show a receipt because they don’t have record of me paying for the seat. Will not fly sun country again" Pros: "I love the professionalism of the crew, our flight was seated on time, and our flight came into Vegas earlier than expected!!!" Pros: "Easy check-in" Cons: "None of the luggage for our flight was boarded onto the plane, despite a 30 min delay due to loading/unloading. We then did not receive our luggage until about 18 hours after landing and have still not received a baggage refund, voucher, or any compensation for the inconvenience of all of the passengers." Pros: "Beginning of the fight was smooth but when we were descending the pilot did a little noise dive which was a clear blue sky and wasn’t necessary for the noise dive. And while descending he makes sharp turns left and right a few times, didn’t seem like he knew where he was going. I been on rough descents before but this pilot is not qualified." Delta gave out earbuds for in-flight entertainment, which was nice. But the legroom seems to decrease every year. Pros: "The crew worked hard to ensure that we had a good flight with minimal interruptions" Cons: "Delays always hurt, the flight was delayed yet there were no notifications and additionally the delay was closer to an hour long since boarding only started 20 minutes late." Pros: "The washrooms" Cons: "Entertainment. There was none! The seats could have been more comfortable" Pros: "The crew went out of his way to help us!" Cons: "The landing was the worst I have ever experienced! Must be a student pilot or something! Been traveling for many years and never once vomit! I almost did in this flight! twice!!" Cons: "No explanation was given why flight left almost 2 hours late" Cons: "Don't like having to download app for entertainment....some devices not current enough to download.. Not everyone has devices Kids disappointed..prefer Alaska monitors" Cons: "Sat in Plus. Horrible service. No hot towels. Had to ask for 2nd drink and was refused a coffee and Baileys with at least an hour left in flight. No snacks offered or served. The attendant spent most of her flight hiding in her seat and reading a novel. Brutal!" Pros: "Pleasant Staff Great flight" Cons: "that i paid to get a seat next to my brother and the plane was not full and people got to sit where they liked. it cost me more money for nothing." Pros: "Westjet team is fast, nice and solve issues in one call. I have had very good experiences with westjet! Thank you!" Cons: "Today in Montreal during boarding the lady coordinating did not give priority to people with children. We were at leastthree families - we were all upset with the situation. However as I have had very good experiences with west jet I consider this an isolated issue." Pros: "Airport staff went above and beyond to get my mother through the airport. We had a tight transfer and they helped us make it to the gate on time." Cons: "There was no time to eat. Nothing other than snacks. The time allotted was *barely* sufficient to get from gate to gate. We were starving when we got to our destination." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 WestJet7.7 Book cheap flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Minneapolis to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/10Sun nonstopSun Country Air 3h 29mMSP-LAS $35 Search 1/4Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 45mMSP-LAS $37 Search 1/6Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 45mMSP-LAS $38 Search 12/17Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 45mMSP-LAS $39 Search 12/11Mon 1 stopSun Country Air 5h 16mMSP-LAS $44 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopFrontier 11h 54mMSP-LAS $45 Search 1/19Fri 1 stopFrontier 7h 16mMSP-LAS $53 Search 12/21Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 16mMSP-LAS $119 Search 3/24Sun nonstopDelta 3h 38mMSP-LAS $149 Search 12/5Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 11h 46mMSP-LAS $163 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSun Country AirSpirit AirlinesFrontierUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$40 or less$40 or less$50 or less$120 or less$160 or less Last minute flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon nonstopSun Country Air 3h 34mMSP-LAS 12/6Wed nonstopSun Country Air 3h 05mLAS-MSP $102 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 3h 45mMSP-LAS 12/8Fri nonstop 3h 05mLAS-MSP $104 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 3h 47mMSP-LAS 12/7Thu nonstop 3h 10mLAS-MSP $105 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 3h 45mMSP-LAS 12/7Thu nonstop 3h 10mLAS-MSP $107 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 45mMSP-LAS 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 05mLAS-MSP $117 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 21h 08mMSP-LAS 12/6Wed multi-stopFrontier 6h 49mLAS-MSP $121 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 47mMSP-LAS 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 04mLAS-MSP $132 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopFrontier 15h 07mMSP-LAS 12/8Fri multi-stopFrontier 16h 09mLAS-MSP $161 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 10h 57mMSP-LAS 12/9Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 10mLAS-MSP $290 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 49mMSP-LAS 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 21mLAS-MSP $292 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSun Country AirSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican Airlines Search by price$100 or less$110 or less$120 or less$160 or less$290 or less Minneapolis - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Minneapolis (MSP)United States Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Minneapolis Cabin classes: $855 First Class flights to Las Vegas Business Class flights to Las Vegas $164 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas $82 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » United States » Minnesota » Minneapolis $69Flights from Minneapolis to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $69Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Tampa Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Minneapolis. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Las Vegas from Minneapolis. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.