Cheap Flights from Washington Dulles to London from $184 | (IAD - LON) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW IAD - LON Find cheap flights from Washington Dulles Airport to London from $184 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/11. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to London These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Washington, D.C. to London. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Washington, D.C. to London. How much is the cheapest flight from Dulles Intl to London?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dulles Intl to London that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:05 pm - 1:50 pmIAD-LTN 14h 45m1 stop 7:15 am - 5:55 pmLTN-IAD 14h 40m1 stop $340 Find Deal Mon, Mar 4 - Mon, Mar 18 7:05 pm - 9:55 amIAD-STN 10h 50m1 stop 10:55 am - 5:55 pmSTN-IAD 11h 00m1 stop $353PLAY Find Deal Wed, Mar 13 - Wed, Mar 20 6:05 pm - 9:55 amIAD-STN 10h 50m1 stop 10:55 am - 5:55 pmSTN-IAD 11h 00m1 stop $361PLAY Find Deal Sun, Mar 3 - Sun, Mar 10 7:40 pm - 7:30 pmIAD-LHR 18h 50m1 stop 12:15 pm - 6:20 pmLHR-IAD 11h 05m1 stop $484Icelandair Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Sat, Jan 20 7:40 pm - 10:55 amIAD-LGW 10h 15m1 stop 12:00 pm - 6:20 pmLGW-IAD 11h 20m1 stop $485Icelandair Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Sat, Feb 3 10:45 pm - 11:00 amIAD-LHR 7h 15mnonstop 10:55 am - 7:15 pmLHR-IAD 13h 20m1 stop $539Iberia Find Deal Sun, Apr 7 - Tue, Apr 9 5:40 pm - 9:30 amIAD-LCY 10h 50m1 stop 8:45 pm - 3:45 pmLCY-IAD 24h 00m1 stop $688Virgin Atlantic Find Deal Fri, Feb 16 - Mon, Feb 19 5:40 pm - 8:10 amIAD-LCY 9h 30m1 stop 10:00 am - 11:21 pmLCY-IAD 18h 21m2 stops $698Virgin Atlantic Find Deal Fri, Feb 16 - Mon, Feb 19 5:00 pm - 10:20 amIAD-LCY 12h 20m1 stop 6:50 am - 3:30 pmLCY-IAD 13h 40m1 stop $831British Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Mon, Feb 5 5:00 pm - 8:35 amIAD-LCY 10h 35m1 stop 6:50 am - 3:30 pmLCY-IAD 13h 40m1 stop $848British Airways Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Tue, Jan 30 Show more results Flights from Dulles Intl to London - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dulles Intl to London to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to London flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to London. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to London cost $204 and was between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and London Gatwick Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $270. What is the cheapest month to fly from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to London? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to London is February, where tickets cost $586 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $918 and $847 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to London? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to London, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 59 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Washington Dulles Airport to London? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Washington Dulles Airport to London found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $353 on PLAY, followed by Scandinavian Airlines ($394). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $184 on PLAY and from $280 on Icelandair. Which airlines fly most frequently between Washington Dulles Airport and London? United Airlines connects Washington Dulles Airport to London with up to 2 flights per day. Virgin Atlantic also offers 2 flights per day, while British Airways follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and London? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to London. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to London. They are: British Airways, United Airlines and Virgin Atlantic. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Virgin Atlantic at $508 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Virgin Atlantic. How many flights are there between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and London per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 7 nonstop flights that take off from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and land in London, with an average flight time of 7h 13m. The most common departure time is 11:00 pm and most flights take off at night, while the most flights land at London Heathrow Airport. Each week, there are 36 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and London? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Washington Dulles Airport to London take? The average nonstop flight takes 10h 40m, covering a distance of 3,677 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Washington Dulles Airport to London? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport at 6:20 pm and will be landing in London at 6:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from Washington Dulles Airport to London? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to London jets off at 11:00 pm and lands at 11:10 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $184 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 12% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 20% increase in price. Flight from Washington Dulles Airport to London Stansted Airport When to book flights from Dulles Intl to London Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dulles Intl to London based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Washington Dulles Airport to London flights Do I need a visa to travel from Washington to London? If your trip from Washington, DC, to London, UK, will be shorter than six months, you do not require a visa to enter the United Kingdom. There is a visa waiver agreement in effect between the US and the UK that enables citizens of the US to visit the UK for up to 90 days without a visa. What carry-on bags can I bring on my flight from Washington to London? British Airways provides one of the best carry-on bag policies on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to London Heathrow (LHR), allowing passengers one carry-on bag and one personal item for free. The cabin bag should have a maximum size of 22 x 18 x 10 inches and a maximum weight of 51 lb. What cities does Heathrow Airport serve? Heathrow Airport (LHR) is the main airport serving London and its metropolis. The airport serves several cities within an hour's drive of London, including Reading, Guildford, Slough, Luton, Windsor, Milton Keynes, Watford, Cheltenham, Oxford, Brighton, Portsmouth, Basingstoke, Cambridge, Eastbourne, Basildon, and Maidstone. These cities are accessible via car rentals, buses, or taxis. Which airline offers family-friendly services from Washington to London? Families should consider flying aboard British Airways flights on the Washington-London route. British Airways offers plenty of family-friendly services, including priority boarding for families with young kids, allowing them extra time to settle into their seats and stow their bags. The airline also provides kid-friendly meals and a wide selection of in-flight entertainment, including games and cartoon shows. Do I need a passport to fly between Washington Dulles Airport and London? Yes Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Washington Dulles Airport to London? Only Lufthansa offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Washington Dulles Airport to London flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Washington Dulles Airport to London? The Boeing 777 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Washington Dulles Airport to London flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Washington Dulles Airport to London? oneworld, Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Washington Dulles Airport and London, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Washington Dulles Airport to London? There are nonstop flights from Washington Dulles Airport to London on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Washington, D.C. to London, Virgin Atlantic or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Washington, D.C. to London are Virgin Atlantic and Delta. With an average price for the route of $747 and an overall rating of 8.0, Virgin Atlantic is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $730 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to London? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to London. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Washington Dulles Airport to London? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to London from Washington Dulles Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to London? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to London with an airline and back to Washington Dulles Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Washington Dulles Airport to London? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to London from Washington Dulles Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Washington, D.C. to London Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $232 or less one-way and $604 or less round-trip. Dulles International Airport (IAD) is the hub for United Airlines, and if you are flying from Washington (IAD) to London with this airline, you will be leaving from Terminal D. United Airlines operates the majority of its international flights out of Terminal D and its domestic flights out of Terminal C. When flying out of IAD, there is a minimum of one VIP lounge in each concourse. Concourse A has KLM, Air France, and Virgin Atlantic lounges. Concourse B features the Lufthansa lounge, the British Airways lounge, and the Turkish Airlines lounge. In Concourse C, there are three United Club lounges and one United Polaris lounge, while Concourse D has one United Club lounge. Unaccompanied minors should be booked on British Airways. The airline offers one of the best unaccompanied minor programs on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to London. The airline assigns the minors dedicated staff members who monitor and take care of them throughout the flight. Additionally, the airline's staff members assist the minors with check-in, security procedures, and boarding. If you are looking to rent a car at Heathrow Airport (LHR) when you arrive, you'll find a variety of car rental providers' desks at the arrivals area, offering a wide range of vehicles, from economy cars to luxury sedans, SUVs, and even minibuses. The available car rental providers include Avis, Hertz, Enterprise, Europcar, and Budget. If you want to travel with your pet from IAD to LHR, consider United Airlines. The airline has a pet policy that welcomes both dogs and cats for travel in the cabin, as well as in the cargo hold, for an extra fee. It's important to note that United Airlines requires pet owners to book in advance. The combined weight of the pet and carrier should be less than 20 lb, and the measurements should not surpass 18 x 11 x 11 inches. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl to London? Find which airlines fly direct from Dulles Intl to London, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl to London Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights Nonstop returns London to Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Dulles Intl to London See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Washington, D.C. to London. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dulles Intl to London? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 77entertainment 82overall 82boarding 78comfort 79food 86crew Airline reviews Missed connecting train since flight was late into Zurich and I had to stay at airport hotel because of it as well as I had to repurchase train ticketRead more about SWISS Missed connecting train since flight was late into Zurich and I had to stay at airport hotel because of it as well as I had to repurchase train ticket Pros: "Nothing. There was no flight. The flight was cancelled and you did not notify us. We found it out ourselves by accident. We tried to contact you guys but we could not call or anything other. You guys suck" Cons: "Notify your customers when the flight is cancelled. Thats the least you can do. Very unprofessional" Cons: "Swiss air returned my bagage damaged and there is no way to report it!" Cons: "On time departure would be nice. Overall very pleasant experience. Water and Swiss chocolates were served during under an hour flight. Thank you Swiss!" Pros: "We flew Business Class. The crew was professional and attentive. The food was definitely a nice cut above." Cons: "Nothing that I can offer. If I needed to make another trip anywhere ANZ flies, they would be my first choice every time." Cons: "The seat bottom was very uncomfortable and made my bum sore the rest of the day." Pros: "I loved that every seat had a pillow, blanket and head-phones waiting. The movie selection was great, too.The service was excellent. Love having metal utensils, and not plastic." Cons: "No fault of the airline, but when passengers recline their seat backs all the way, it's very difficult for the person behind. Two vegetarians meals were offered - which is ok, but I was unsure if either had sufficient protein; plus the side dishes were all starches." Pros: "the CREW WAS FRIENDLY AND CELEBRATING EASTER WITH THE GUESTS" Cons: "THE FOOD WAS ADEQUATE, GIVEN THAT WE WERE ON AN AIRPLANE" Pros: "Crew was attentive to passenger needs in a quiet way: without fanfare, did all possible to make it a pleasant, comfortable trip. In fact, went out of their way to get me a wheelchair ride to next flight, which I dearly needed" Cons: "First flight was delayed due to circumstances outside of airline’s control. They managed to get us there and help me with wheelchair, etc to make flight. Great service and kindness" Pros: "I thought my out flight with Lufthansa would be good but it was surpassed by the return flight with Swiss Based on my experience I believe Swiss should be a 5 star airline as well" Cons: "A slight delay" On arrival to JFK it to 3.5hrs to clear immigration, as only 3 booths open. Almost missed connection Pros: "Entertainment and helpful staff" Cons: "Had worst seat on plane on outward because I didn't know I could pick a seat free of charge before online checkin This could be a lack of communication on Kayak/Last Minute.com as opposed to Virgin" Pros: "Excellent airline" Cons: "The business seats could have been wider. I have sat on business class other airlines and the seat was a bit wider but overall still great experience" Pros: "Karl was amazing! So helpful and sweet!" Cons: "Having the crew tell the guy behind me to plug in his ear phones to watch the video in his phone, rather than me after 20 minutes of noise." Pros: "Crew were great! Neck cushions on chair aren’t adjustable and not comfortable." Cons: "The food is not very good at all. One mediocre meal served soon after take-off, then for the rest of the flight tasteless, cardboard pasties and wraps." Pros: "We paid for ecomony x which gave us priority check in and boarding plus first meal. Very impressed, we had an exit row seat and the flight attendant who sat opposite us was extremely friendly." Cons: "I wish the economy x seats weren’t located next to the toilets... it’s pretty bothersome with the noise, smells and light emitted" Pros: "Virgin Atlantic offers good service at a reasonable price to/from the US to London. Good food service and unbelieveable number of movies and entertainment to choose from." Cons: "The seating and leg room in economy classic were inadequate. We felt way too confined in our seats and the leg room was a joke. I am only 6' tall and this was unacceptable. We will try to upgrade for the return trip." Pros: "Amenities" Cons: "Bed was incredibly uncomfortable in first class. It was like sleeping on the floor. People talking loudly in the bar late into the night, which made it even harder to sleep. Didn’t sleep a wink on this 10 hour flight." Pros: "Great, friendly, professional crew, clean comfortable plane. Loved that full dinner and baggage and wine was included in an economy class overnight from DC to London as well as breakfast. Best flight in a long time, will definitely fly again." Cons: "the tv screen's touch screen capabilities could use an upgrade, it was a hassle to navigate, not very sensitive to touch." I wouldn't say I liked being forced to check my small roller bag at the gate; too many people had bags and were in a higher boarding group. Smooth boarding and I always like when the crew asks passengers with tight connections to deplane first. I wasn’t in that group but many times needed to be. When the staff asks for it the other passengers usually listen. Pros: "I needed extra space because of my pregnancy, but didn't realize I couldn't upgrade my seat online or at check in. I was advised to tell the Boarding attendants I needed extra space and they promptly changed my seat and let me preboard. I'm so grateful and I had a wonderful flight back home. I was also very sick, so it was a relief knowing I could rest comfortably before arriving home to my children." Pros: "The crew was very attentive and had great personality. They anticipated any needs we had." Pros: "Crew, food, flight." Cons: "Could always use a wider seat. I just hate having my hips touching a stranger for the whole trip." Cons: "Plane was late taking off. Crew did not provide water when requested. They were busy with beverages that they could sell at a cost." Pros: "The plane was nice" Cons: "I’m still sitting in Minneapolis so I would have liked to be at my destination. And I had to pay for the overnight accommodations." Pros: "Entertainment was awesome. Although airlines are stingy with snacks, Delta had a good overall selection and very generous." Cons: "Something that cant be changed overnight, however, there should be a little more Aisle space for folks pass through as my shoulder was getting beat up after every passing person and cart." Pros: "Crew was friendly." Cons: "Wish the seat was more comfortable. Landing was jittery and bumpy." Pros: "The crew was amazing this round I got good seats" Cons: "Forgot my earphones so I had to read a book. I never asked nor did I see earphones" Cons: "everything sucked time bery bad servive starfed on flight nonacolok was sergvedngypu ilt was really disappoinyling includigbymkthrvlounhr aothee airlione" Pros: "Specially food service and also boarding" Cons: "They checked carry on again even you passed from the counter I felt very bad about this" Pros: "Flight time and layover at connecting flight" Cons: "Food needs to improved. In all other flight Indian spice is served as Asian veg flight seat are too tight" Pros: "The food and entertainment were okay." Cons: "The staff was rude. The entertainment consoles didn’t work well." Cons: "They are telling me because I booked with Kayak through PriceLine or vice versa they will not give me any hotel for my 14 hours lay over." Pros: "I liked the food and the staff were very friendly" Pros: "The entertainment was excellent!" Cons: "The comfort level for that long of a flight was very poor. Seats are way too close together. There is no knee room from the seats at the front at all. People operating their video monitor is a disturbing fact for the passengers who sits in front of them." Cons: "car seat not wrapped in plastic bag so I lost my cushions on the seat. Now my child can no longer use it." Pros: "Amazing food. Can't believe how good the desserts were. Entertainment also top notch." Cons: "Noticed that you made NO announcement that you were boarding the plane whatsoever both to London and on return. NONE" Amazing KLM service and brilliant economy comfort seats. Well worth the extra. The Crew have no idea about the food they're serving the passengers. The Crew MUST be instructed before each flight about the menu that will be served to the passengers, whether the food is vegetarian or non-vegetarian, whether it is Halal, Kosher or not. Pros: "Staff were professional and polite." Cons: "Despite zone boarding, boarding and disembarkation were very slow. Passengers like me with flight connections were very anxious regarding missing these." Pros: "Seats were super comfortable, bigger than most planes with extra leg room. Food was excellent and fresh, amazing Dutch cheese sampler was divine. No nonsense staff who had all connecting flight info on hand when we arrived in Abu Dhabi. KLM staff were friendly and efficient. Fabulous airline." Pros: "The crew was great. The soecial meal request was hadled well despite oversight." Cons: "Soecial meal request was made in advance but overlooked. Did not mind it so much as eating less is not a bad idea! To err is human." Pros: "The bed was comfortable. Entertainment selection and large TV screen was good. The KLM crew is amazing, as usual." Cons: "Food quality was not so good." Pros: "Nice attention and good food. Plane and seats are confortable" Cons: "The air conditioners fan was bad and they had to fix it in London which took over 40 minutes off travel time...we arrived much later than expected in Lagos" Cons: "Dozens of high school students screaming and climbing onto seats, crew did not intervene." Pros: "The crew was great but the seat wasn't as comfortable and didn't have much leg room." SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Book cheap flights from Washington, D.C. to London Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Washington, D.C. to London found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/11Mon 1 stopPLAY 10h 50mIAD-STN $184 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopPLAY 10h 50mIAD-STN $191 Search 12/12Tue 1 stop 15h 10mIAD-LTN $198 Search 1/8Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 7h 15mIAD-LHR $455 Search 12/5Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 19h 01mIAD-LHR $457 Search 12/8Fri nonstopIberia 7h 05mIAD-LHR $463 Search 12/7Thu nonstopIberia 7h 05mIAD-LHR $496 Search 12/28Thu 1 stopVirgin Atlantic 9h 40mIAD-LCY $609 Search 2/3Sat 2 stopsBritish Airways 15h 35mIAD-LCY $684 Search 4/16Tue 2 stopsBritish Airways 17h 40mIAD-LCY $698 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePLAYUnited AirlinesIberiaVirgin AtlanticBritish Airways Search by price$190 or less$460 or less$460 or less$610 or less$700 or less Last minute flights from Dulles Intl to London Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Washington, D.C. to London that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stop 14h 45mIAD-LTN 12/12Tue multi-stop 15h 00mLTN-IAD $324 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 14h 45mIAD-LTN 12/6Wed multi-stop 14h 35mLTN-IAD $331 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopPLAY 10h 50mIAD-STN 12/10Sun multi-stopPLAY 11h 00mSTN-IAD $466 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopPLAY 10h 50mIAD-STN 12/9Sat multi-stopPLAY 11h 00mSTN-IAD $471 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 9h 35mIAD-LHR 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 45mLHR-IAD $542 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 11h 30mIAD-LHR 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 45mLHR-IAD $543 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 9h 55mIAD-LGW 12/7Thu multi-stopBritish Airways 11h 55mLGW-IAD $837 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 16h 40mIAD-LHR 12/9Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 23h 10mLHR-IAD $848 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 9h 55mIAD-LGW 12/9Sat multi-stopBritish Airways 11h 55mLGW-IAD $874 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 16h 30mIAD-LGW 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 38h 06mLGW-IAD $952 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePLAYUnited AirlinesBritish AirwaysAmerican Airlines Search by price$330 or less$470 or less$540 or less$850 or less$950 or less Washington Dulles Airport - London Flights Departure: Washington Dulles Airport (IAD)United States Return flight deals: London - Washington Dulles Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to London $1,417 Business Class flights to London $1,542 Prem Econ Class flights to London $270 Economy Class flights to London Browse origins: Flights » United States » District of Columbia » Washington, D.C. » Washington Dulles Airport $352Flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to London Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » United Kingdom » England » London $671Flights to London City Airport, London $403Flights to London Gatwick Airport, London $441Flights to London Heathrow Airport, London $373Flights to London Luton Airport, London $805Flights to London Southend Airport, London $352Flights to London Stansted Airport, London View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search London flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to London from Washington Dulles Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to London from Washington Dulles Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.