Cheap Flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale from C$ 113 | (YOW - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YOW - FLL Find cheap flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale from C$ 113 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 26/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:00 a.m. - 10:45 a.m.YOW-FLL 3h 45mdirect 8:35 p.m. - 11:55 p.m.FLL-YOW 3h 20mdirect C$ 111Flair Airlines Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Sun, 17 Dec 7:00 a.m. - 10:45 a.m.YOW-FLL 3h 45mdirect 8:35 p.m. - 11:55 p.m.FLL-YOW 3h 20mdirect C$ 119Flair Airlines Find Deal Wed, 13 Dec - Wed, 20 Dec 4:45 p.m. - 8:32 p.m.YOW-FLL 3h 47mdirect 8:35 p.m. - 11:55 p.m.FLL-YOW 3h 20mdirect C$ 155 Find Deal Tue, 16 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 4:45 p.m. - 8:32 p.m.YOW-FLL 3h 47mdirect 8:35 p.m. - 11:55 p.m.FLL-YOW 3h 20mdirect C$ 156 Find Deal Wed, 6 Dec - Wed, 13 Dec 4:45 p.m. - 8:32 p.m.YOW-FLL 3h 47mdirect 5:15 p.m. - 8:34 p.m.FLL-YOW 3h 19mdirect C$ 202Porter Airlines Find Deal Sat, 9 Dec - Sat, 16 Dec 4:45 p.m. - 8:32 p.m.YOW-FLL 3h 47mdirect 5:15 p.m. - 8:34 p.m.FLL-YOW 3h 19mdirect C$ 205Porter Airlines Find Deal Tue, 23 Jan - Wed, 31 Jan 6:15 a.m. - 10:02 a.m.YOW-FLL 3h 47mdirect 12:35 p.m. - 7:04 p.m.FLL-YOW 6h 29m1 stop C$ 213Air Canada Find Deal Sun, 28 Jan - Tue, 30 Jan 9:00 a.m. - 3:09 p.m.YOW-FLL 6h 09m1 stop 7:25 a.m. - 2:15 p.m.FLL-YOW 6h 50m1 stop C$ 243Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 6 Feb - Thu, 15 Feb 6:01 a.m. - 3:55 p.m.YOW-FLL 9h 54m2 stops 7:00 a.m. - 9:45 p.m.FLL-YOW 14h 45m1 stop C$ 269United Airlines Find Deal Thu, 14 Dec - Sun, 24 Dec 3:00 p.m. - 10:50 a.m.YOW-FLL 19h 50m2 stops 8:40 a.m. - 2:08 p.m.FLL-YOW 5h 28m1 stop C$ 283United Airlines Find Deal Sun, 28 Jan - Wed, 31 Jan Show more results Flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? The average price of all flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale, you should consider leaving on a Tuesday and avoid Fridays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Ottawa, you’ll find the best rates on Saturdays and the most expensive ones on Tuesdays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale is May, where tickets cost C$ 305 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and August, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 748 and C$ 679 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 81 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Flair Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at C$ 113. KAYAK users also found Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale round-trip flights on Flair Airlines from C$ 151 and on Porter Airlines from C$ 274. Which airlines fly direct between Ottawa and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale. They are: Air Canada, Flair Airlines and Porter Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 148. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Ottawa and Fort Lauderdale per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 3 nonstop flights that take off from Ottawa and land in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 3h 46m. The most common departure time is 4:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 15 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Ottawa and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale take? The average direct flight takes 3h 45m, covering a distance of 3,502 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Ottawa at 6:15 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 10:02 am. What’s the latest departure time from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 4:45 pm and lands at 8:32 pm. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight C$ 113 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 16% increase in price. Most popular time to fly (1% more expensive on average) Flight from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale What modes of transportation are available to get to Ottawa Airport? If taking a taxi is not your transportation mode of choice, you can use public transportation to get to the airport by hopping on board OC Transpo bus 97. This bus runs 24h a day, every 10min during peak travel times, and can get you from the city centre to the airport in about 20min. How do I get from Fort Lauderdale Airport to the city centre using public transportation? You can get to the city centre using Broward County Transit (BCT) bus 1, which operates from about 6:00 am to 11:00 pm every day, and gets you to the Broward Central Terminal in about 20min. A one-way fare costs $2 (about C$ 2.70), and you can catch the bus from stop 7, located outside the Rental Car Center. Alternatively, you can catch a free shuttle bus from the airport to the Tri-Rail station, where you can get a train to one of many beach destinations such as Dania Beach or Palm Beach. How much is a taxi from Fort Lauderdale Airport? If you wish to catch a taxi from the airport to your accommodation, you will find the taxi rank outside the arrivals area of the airport. Taxi fares are all metred, with a ride to the Fort Lauderdale’s city centre costing around $17 (C$ 23), and a ride to South Beach in Miami costing around $70 (C$ 95). Can I rent a car from Fort Lauderdale Airport? Those looking to rent a car following their flight from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale can do so at the Rental Car Center (RCC), located in a separate building close to Terminal 1 of the airport. There are 12 car rental companies available at the airport, and their desks are located on levels 2, 3 and 4 of the RCC. Which airports will I be using when flying from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? Ottawa and Fort Lauderdale are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Ottawa from Ottawa and will be arriving at Fort Lauderdale. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Ottawa and Fort Lauderdale. On which days can I fly direct from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? There are direct flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale, Porter Airlines or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale are Porter Airlines and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 356 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 584 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from Ottawa is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to Ottawa with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from Ottawa up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 156 or less one-way and C$ 271 or less round-trip. If you are looking for the quickest flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale, look for a flight with Air Canada, as it is the only airline offering direct flights on this route. This will also enable you to take advantage of the Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge located in the international terminal of Ottawa Airport (YOW). If you are heading to a warmer destination and prefer not to take your coat or boots with you on your trip, head to the luggage storage facility at Ottawa Airport, which can keep these items for you until you return from your trip. The office is located in the arrivals hall and is open 24h a day. Passengers who would like to exchange currency upon arrival at Fort Lauderdale Airport (FLL) can do so at the business centre located in the public area of Terminal 2, open from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm. Alternatively, head to the baggage claim area of Terminal 4 where a currency exchange service is open from 8:30 am to 9:00 pm. Fort Lauderdale Airport has 6 nursing stations located throughout Terminals 1, 2, 3 and 4. These suites are equipped with benches, a change table and power outlets. Download the Mamava App in order to find out when a suite is available and to access it. Travellers who have some time before their flight from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale can head to the observation deck at Ottawa Airport to watch planes take off and land. It is located in the public area of the airport on level 3, and is accessible 24h a day. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale Search flights Monday Air Canada,Flair Airlines,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Flair Airlines, +1 more Tuesday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Wednesday Air Canada,Flair Airlines,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Flair Airlines, +1 more Thursday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Friday Air Canada,Flair Airlines,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Flair Airlines, +1 more Saturday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Sunday Air Canada,Flair Airlines,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Flair Airlines, +1 more See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to Ottawa Search flights Monday Air Canada,Flair Airlines,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Flair Airlines, +1 more Tuesday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Wednesday Air Canada,Flair Airlines,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Flair Airlines, +1 more Thursday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Friday Air Canada,Flair Airlines,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Flair Airlines, +1 more Saturday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Sunday Air Canada,Flair Airlines,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Flair Airlines, +1 more See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.8 LufthansaOverall score based on 29274 reviews 80overall 84crew 76entertainment 75food 77comfort 80boarding Airline reviews More than 40 minutes of delay, the crew even didn’t apologize or explain the reason why we are late, no service for a short flightRead more about Lufthansa More than 40 minutes of delay, the crew even didn’t apologize or explain the reason why we are late, no service for a short flight I was served cheese that had mold on it. I brought this to the flight attendants attention and she informed her supervisor. They were apologetic and offered me a replacement, but I think that is extremely insufficient compensation given I ate bad cheese causing food poisoning for my birthday vacation. Both me and the flight attendants photographed the cheese, and I was told they’ll “put in a ticket” to ensure it doesn’t happen to someone else……. Everything went very smoothly. Only issue, my movie screen was difficult to use. Unresponsive to touch commands. The crew was EXCELLENT 👍 Very helpful and accommodating. Upon arrival in London, the process was seemless. Highly recommend! Pros: "Another exit seat and got upgraded to economy premium. Possibly one of the best flights I’ve ever taken." Cons: "It was great" Pros: "Typical low cost economy uncomfortable seats and service. Plane left over 3 hours late." Cons: "Could have informed us accurately about the possibility of making the connecting flight to our final destination. Gate we were sent to had left 45 minutes prior." Cons: "We missed our connection due to the delay and they could only rebook us on flights that made us miss an entire day or our vacation." Pros: "Terrible flight. Super tight seats. Major airport delay to take off and land. Overall not a good experience." Pros: "The flight was 1.5 hours late that almost caused us to miss our connecting flight to Tel Aviv. The service and plane was just OK." Cons: "The vegetarian meal was just fair. The plane was small and bathrooms options limited" Pros: "Good service, decent food, nice entertainment options and it's nice not to feel like the airline thinks it's doing you a favor by letting you fly with them." Pros: "We purchased seats with extra legroom and it was very, very much worth it. My husband is 6 foot four and he was able to stretch out his legs comfortably. Seats are not uncomfortable, which is different from some airlines we’ve been on, and we really like the adjustable headrest where the sides can be flipped up to keep your head from rolling around while snoozing. We like that the silverware is actually metal instead of plastic!" Cons: "The screen that folded out of the armrest was so small that watching a movie on it gave us a headache. The furst meal/lunch was so-so. Personally I would prefer a mixed fresh salad with a little bit of ham or chicken on top instead of the attempt at a hot mushy entree. The second meal/dinner was Similar to a hot pocket. The bread and the filling was pretty tasteless. Why not just have a healthy fruit bowl? Would have liked to see some English language reading material in the seat back pocket – it appeared to be only German language. Alternatively, it would be great if the flight attendants could offer non-German language reading materials upon request." Long delay die to pet mix up. Also bags took forever to get to carousel Pros: "Crew did the best they could under the conditions" Cons: "There was a broken toilet that was very loud and created long line ups because economy only had use of the 1 bathroom while the first class had 2 bathrooms for so few people" Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good." Pros: "Crew and staff at gate fantastic. Accommodated me sitting with partner on both legs (booked flights separately)." Cons: "Flight was delayed. Always tough late at night." Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy" Pros: "All westjet workers are amazing. Starting from the people at the front desk, the crews on the plan and the people that give direction." Pros: "Good crew and on time departure" Cons: "Overnight flight. How nice it would have been to have blanket and pillows as provided by some airlines ." Cons: "Delays left us in the plane for almost 1 1/2 hours before leaving Toronto." Cons: "Limited snack, no entertainment without a tablet of some type. Cargo restraint broke and delayed the flight for an hour." Pros: "Everything from ticketing to check in to flight. They are a passenger friendly airline" Cons: "Nothing" Porter, like most airlines, need to improve their baggage policies. In reality, there are no longer 'cheap flights' because passengers pay exorbitant baggage fees. Pros: "Amy was outstanding, she provided excellent service." Cons: "I wasn’t notified that the basic fare didn’t include carry-on baggage. It was disappointing having to pay for checked baggage without notification." Pros: "Really like the wine and chips included." Cons: "No entertainment options, but not a big deal considering how short all their routes are." Pros: "The cookies" Cons: "They bumped our flight for no reason and we sat for 3 extra hours in Toronto as several flights to our destination passed" Pros: "Beverages and variety of snacks on such a short flight - impressive" Pros: "On time, loved the Porter Lounge at Billy Bishop. Crew was friendly and helpful." Cons: "Didn’t realize that my fare didn’t include carryon, so had to pay extra to bring my briefcase." Pros: "Price was reasonable but the new luggage rates make Porter a less attractive option because as soon as you add up what you're paying just to carry on, it's the same price as one of the larger airlines." Cons: "The flight was delayed about an hour and there was no notification from anyone in the airport, crew, etc. I found out because I use a separate app to track planes and get updates on flights. Knowing about the delay while in the airport would have been appreciated." Pros: "Nothing whatsoever!" Cons: "Received e-mail about flight being cancelled on way to airport and could not get us on another flight for 4 hours. The cancellation was incredibly last minute and caused us to be stuck waiting in the airport almost 6 hours as the flight we got rebooked on was also delayed about an hour. The incredibly rude, unsympathetic and condescending associates that we experienced did not offer any solutions or show any compassion for the situation we, and others, were being put through. I will never fly Porter again and have told everyone I meet (and in my profession, that is a lot of people) never to fly Porter airlines. I was disgusted by the whole experienced. Shame on you!" Pros: "First time in 10 flights in 3 months flying with Porter in time - what a miracle!" Cons: "Original flight cancelled. Missed connection in Toronto. Rebooked flight was delayed departing Ottawa. Layover of 2 hours in Toronto. Flight to Windsor delayed as arrival from Montreal was late. 7:30 pm departure now delayed to 8:15 pm departure. I could have drived Ottawa to Windsor in same amount of time. Total waste of money! Still waiting at lounge in Billy Bishop Airport as I write this. And the weather was perfect today! What’s going on?" When a person pays 500 $ for one way ticket that person should have better seat not the seat before the bathrooms.🤔🤨 Seating is very tight. We were delayed 90 minutes to board, because the flight crew were late Cons: "There was no coffee or tea available on the flight" Pros: "Got there with minimal delays" Cons: "Inattentive staff, broken tray table, seats not cleaned between flight ( covered in food crumbs), small seats" Cons: "When I had to change my wife's ticket due to an emergency, we were charged over $415.00. That is unfair." Pros: "Boarding was excellent, most of the staff except one was excellent. The flight was smooth. Got hooked on a new series that I started watching on the plane." Cons: "The wait time between flights on the way home was brutal but you expect that if you are flying on points. What made it worse was that I had to leave the secure area and collect my bags then wait 8 hours in the airport only to go through security again. On top of that trying to get my baggage tag there was a female agent that should have retired 100 years ago directing people like it was our fault she still had to work. If you can't be nice you should not be in customer service." Pros: "Their sympathy for our atrocious wait was, free pop and water, and some pretzels. $30 meal vouchers at the limited options gate area, which could only be used towards a meal (really? no where else?). Here's a were sorry email and a discount on your next flight with us. I have yet to see how much the significant cost for that discount but my expectations of Air Canada are very low." Cons: "That delay was horrendous, I spent 10 hours at an airport. I woke up so god damn early to get there because of news spreading the worries of people waiting at customs immigration to the U.S. it only took us 40min to get through and the flight delay notice was given an hour and a half before departure. We couldn't even sleep on any benches because they were all designed for individuals to sit. It wasn't until our gate location moved to the end of that area was there any carpeted floor space to sleep on. On the flight, economy seating was very tight with limited leg room, and best of all our seats had no window, literally every other row in our section had a window. Air Canada handled this stressful event very poorly, once they figured out bringing a new air craft hours later, and everyone moved to the new gate area, all the attendants had left from their gate post until 40min before the flight which was hours later." Pros: "Roomy plane." Cons: "Restroom no working for disabled. Boarding was disorganized and chaotic." Cons: "Bumped off a direct flight from Toronto to Fort lauderdale with 6 other people. We all booked back in february. They are overbooking 5 to 10 percent now and kicking off the people who paid the least. There is no advantage to booking early only to be bumped. At the gate the AC employee said we would be credited 3 to 4 hundred dollars but we had to run to the customer service desk and then hop on an AC flight to Houston connecting with United Airlines to Fort Lauderdale. At the customer service desk a herd of people waited anxiously to be re booked and compensated. When they started handing out notice that they would send us 200 in the mail there was an uproar that fell on deaf ears. We then ran to get on the houston flight only to find out that flight was overbooked as well. We had to wait to see if they had any no shows. Fortunately I was able to stay on the plane. Upon arriving in Houston we were quickly ran to the United airline gate only to find out that Air Canada had dropped the ball again. We were not booked on the flight. Five of us had no seats booked , while I was booked to depart on a morning flight the next day with no accomodations arranged? Fortunately for us United Airlines picked up the ball and some how got us on the plane to Fort Lauderdale. Upon arriving around 1140pm! should have arrived at 5:20pm direct! we quickly ran to the AC terminal to get our luggage that was originally checked on the first flight. We were told that it would be there. AC employees with no concern at all told us it's not here and it would have been on the united flight that we just arrived on. After I explained that we werent even scheduled to be on the United flight by air canada, so there's no way it made it onto the plane. They looked at us like we were idiots, closed thier office doors and walked away. We ran back to the other terminal( shuttle buses stop at 11pm in Fort Lauderdale?) only to find no luggage again. Fortunately United picks up the ball again and traces our luggage back to Toronto, AC pulled it and left it sitting there. Because of Air Canada's inept employees I missed my rental car reservation and had to buy new clothes for the wedding the next day. They said they'd have the luggage to me by 11 am , it arrived at 11:30 pm the next day. Save yourself the hassel, fly any other airline other then the iconic continually bailed out by the federal goverment airline. If you know, no matter how bad your company and service is ,you will always be bailed out would you work hard? Probably not, hence the atrocious attitude and poor performance of this dead horse airline." Pros: "Staff were incredibly kind, courteous, and knowledgeable. I need wheelchair assistance and they handled that beautifully, asking thoughtful questions about my needs and adapting their plans to my answers. They also helped me with stowing my carry-on since I would have struggled alone." Cons: "Unfortunately, through no fault of the flight crew or gate crew, we got one of the few remaining planes in the fleet that are so old that they can't fit a full carry-on bag in the overhead bins or under the seats. Larger carry-on items had to be checked through to final destination, which made a lot of passengers upset -- either because they were business people who needed to be able to work on the flight, or they had important baby gear in there that they would need before that, or they were traveling far away using multiple airlines and were rightly worried about lost luggage." Pros: "Punctuation, friendliness, cleanliness and the advantage of having a plug to charge my phone" Cons: "More snacks" Pros: "..." Cons: "I got stuck in the airport through the whole night" Pros: "Flew First Class from Chicago to Fort Lauderdale. The food was a banana and the seat in front of me was broken and when it went back, it was in my lap. No one seemed to care.." Pros: "The airplane was quite new. Great comfort in premium economy. Nice range of movies to watch. Food is not the best. A small pág of mix peanuts." Cons: "No dislikes" Pros: "Boarding was easy and there was plenty of overhead space for my carry on luggage" Cons: "Coach cabin was not spacious at all. Very little leg room and the aisles seemed very cramped. Also, the seats weren't particularly comfortable." Pros: "Was an easy flight and staff was pleasant and efficient" Cons: "The gate crew stopped the last 40 people from bringing on their carry on bags... of course I was the first person of the 40. When I got on the plane... there were numerous EMPTY overhead bins and further, my bag would have fit comfortably under the even more space seat in front of me. I plan my travel carefully so I can bring on the plane. They were wrong for gate checking without asking the crew ON the plane. All 40 bags would have made it. BS. Flight delayed awaiting for another crew member. Snack was mixed bag of "stuff". Would prefer a choice of name brand snacks or nothing at all. Wifi should be free. What does it cost them?" Cons: "Flight was undersold yet we were delayed an hour for them to repair a seat in first class. Don't understand why they wouldn't find a person to bump from first class down to economy so the whole flight could be on time. It's only an hour and a half flight." Pros: "Flight was smooth" Cons: "Hated middle seat. only way to change was to pay extra. No free in flight entertainment" Cons: "Uncomfortable seats for a redeye. They reclined about an inch." Cons: "That I was charged for the flight again or they wouldn't let me on the plane" Lufthansa7.8 WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 26/2Mon directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYOW-FLL C$ 83 Search 21/1Sun directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYOW-FLL C$ 88 Search 21/1Sun 1 stopPorter Airlines 6h 54mYOW-FLL C$ 131 Search 9/12Sat directPorter Airlines 3h 47mYOW-FLL C$ 133 Search 10/12Sun 1 stopAir Canada 5h 58mYOW-FLL C$ 139 Search 21/2Wed 1 stopWestJet 8h 33mYOW-FLL C$ 150 Search 6/12Wed directAir Canada 3h 47mYOW-FLL C$ 156 Search 7/12Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 16h 30mYOW-FLL C$ 165 Search 9/12Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 13h 09mYOW-FLL C$ 190 Search 21/1Sun 2 stopsWestJet 16h 41mYOW-FLL C$ 253 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesPorter AirlinesAir CanadaWestJetUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 90 or lessC$ 130 or lessC$ 150 or lessC$ 170 or lessC$ 250 or less Last minute flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 1/12Fri directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYOW-FLL 17/12Sun directFlair Airlines 3h 20mFLL-YOW C$ 133 Search 1/12Fri directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYOW-FLL 3/12Sun directFlair Airlines 3h 20mFLL-YOW C$ 161 Search 5/12Tue direct 3h 47mYOW-FLL 31/3Sun direct 3h 20mFLL-YOW C$ 193 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 6h 54mYOW-FLL 12/12Tue directPorter Airlines 3h 19mFLL-YOW C$ 210 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 6h 54mYOW-FLL 12/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 7h 10mFLL-YOW C$ 221 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 7h 38mYOW-FLL 16/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 7h 50mFLL-YOW C$ 333 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 27mYOW-FLL 5/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 06mFLL-YOW C$ 360 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 58mYOW-FLL 3/12Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 31mFLL-YOW C$ 362 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopWestJet 14h 32mYOW-FLL 6/12Wed multi-stopWestJet 12h 47mFLL-YOW C$ 711 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 27h 41mYOW-FLL 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 12h 47mFLL-YOW C$ 1,027 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesPorter AirlinesAir CanadaUnited AirlinesWestJet Search by priceC$ 160 or lessC$ 210 or lessC$ 330 or lessC$ 360 or lessC$ 1,030 or less Ottawa - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: Ottawa (YOW)Canada Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - Ottawa Cabin classes: First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale C$ 1,729 Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale C$ 626 Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale C$ 208 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Ottawa C$ 149Flights from Ottawa to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale C$ 149Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Halifax Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Victoria Flights to Kelowna Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Ottawa. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from Ottawa. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.