Cheap Flights from Tel Aviv to Athens from $73 | (TLV - ATH) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW TLV - ATH Find cheap flights from Tel Aviv to Athens from $73 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/31. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Athens These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Tel Aviv to Athens. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Tel Aviv to Athens. How much is the cheapest flight from Tel Aviv to Athens?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Tel Aviv to Athens that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 1:10 pm - 3:30 pmTLV-ATH 2h 20mnonstop 10:15 am - 12:15 pmATH-TLV 2h 00mnonstop $83Wizz Air Malta Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 1:10 pm - 3:30 pmTLV-ATH 2h 20mnonstop 10:15 am - 12:15 pmATH-TLV 2h 00mnonstop $87Wizz Air Malta Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 7:50 pm - 10:05 pmTLV-ATH 2h 15mnonstop 7:05 am - 9:05 amATH-TLV 2h 00mnonstop $95Aegean Airlines Find Deal Fri, May 17 - Sat, May 25 7:50 pm - 10:05 pmTLV-ATH 2h 15mnonstop 7:05 am - 9:05 amATH-TLV 2h 00mnonstop $99Aegean Airlines Find Deal Sun, Mar 31 - Sun, Apr 7 1:25 pm - 3:40 pmTLV-ATH 2h 15mnonstop 5:00 pm - 7:00 pmATH-TLV 2h 00mnonstop $109TUS Airways Find Deal Sun, Mar 3 - Thu, Mar 7 2:55 pm - 5:10 pmTLV-ATH 2h 15mnonstop 7:55 pm - 9:55 pmATH-TLV 2h 00mnonstop $124ISRAIR Find Deal Mon, Mar 4 - Thu, Mar 14 2:55 pm - 5:10 pmTLV-ATH 2h 15mnonstop 12:15 pm - 2:15 pmATH-TLV 2h 00mnonstop $125ISRAIR Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Fri, Jan 26 7:15 pm - 9:30 pmTLV-ATH 2h 15mnonstop 10:30 pm - 12:20 amATH-TLV 1h 50mnonstop $187EL AL Find Deal Wed, Feb 7 - Sat, Feb 10 1:45 pm - 4:00 pmTLV-ATH 2h 15mnonstop 4:40 pm - 6:40 pmATH-TLV 2h 00mnonstop $194TUS Airways Find Deal Thu, Mar 7 - Sun, Mar 10 10:10 pm - 12:20 amTLV-ATH 2h 10mnonstop 10:40 am - 12:30 pmATH-TLV 1h 50mnonstop $229EL AL Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Thu, Jan 18 Show more results Flights from Tel Aviv to Athens - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Tel Aviv to Athens to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Tel Aviv to Athens? The average price of all flights from Tel Aviv to Athens clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Tel Aviv to Athens, Saturday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Friday is the most expensive. Flying from Athens back to Tel Aviv, the best deals are generally found on Wednesday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Tel Aviv to Athens? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Tel Aviv to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Tel Aviv to Athens is January, where tickets cost $171 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are August and April, where the average cost of tickets is $314 and $282 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Tel Aviv to Athens? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Tel Aviv to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Tel Aviv to Athens, you should book around 0 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 89 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Tel Aviv to Athens? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Tel Aviv to Athens were found on Wizz Air Malta ($83) and Aegean Airlines ($95). ISRAIR proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $73. Which airlines fly non-stop between Tel Aviv and Athens? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Tel Aviv to Athens. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Tel Aviv to Athens. They are: Arkia, BlueBird Airways, EL AL and Wizz Air Malta. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Wizz Air Malta at $58 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Wizz Air Malta. How many flights are there between Tel Aviv and Athens per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 3 nonstop flights that take off from Tel Aviv and land in Athens, with an average flight time of 2h 13m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 10 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 30% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Tel Aviv and Athens? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Tel Aviv to Athens take? Direct flights take on average 2h 10m to travel the 741 miles between Tel Aviv and Athens. What’s the earliest departure time from Tel Aviv to Athens? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Tel Aviv at 5:15 am and will be landing in Athens at 7:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from Tel Aviv to Athens? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Tel Aviv to Athens jets off at 10:10 pm and lands at 12:20 am. Good to know Low season February High season August Cheapest flight $73 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 24% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 34% increase in price. Flight from Tel Aviv to Athens When to book flights from Tel Aviv to Athens Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Tel Aviv to Athens based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Tel Aviv to Athens Is there a place to shower at Athens International Airport? If you want to freshen up after your flight, keep in mind that there are a few different places where you can shower at Athens International Airport. The bathrooms in front of the airport’s prayer room have shower services, as well as a few lounges, including the Goldair Handling Lounge, the Skyserv Melina Merkouri Lounge, and the Skyserv Aristotle Onassis Lounge. Does Athens International Airport have its own on-site hotel? There is no hotel located directly at Athens International Airport, but there are several hotels that are just a short drive away. For example, the Sofitel is located less than a 5min walk from the airport and has an on-site spa. There is also Peri’s Hotel, which is a 10min drive away and has a free shuttle service. What facilities does Ben Gurion Airport have for families? There is a Mother and Child Room that can be found in Terminal 3 of Ben Gurion Airport and it contains a crib, a changing table, outlets, a sink, and comfortable sitting areas. You will also find several children’s playrooms spread throughout Terminals 1 and 3, which have a variety of games and activities that are designed to keep the little ones entertained while waiting for boarding to begin. How can I travel from the city center to Ben Gurion Airport? Driving is an easy way to get from Ben Gurion Airport to the city center of Tel Aviv, and the trip will typically take you between 25 and 30min depending on what traffic conditions are like at the time. You can also use public transport, such as bus lines 37 and 446, which will bring you to the city center in around 1h 15min. A single bus ticket will cost you around 5.90 NIS (1.80 USD). Do I need a passport to fly between Tel Aviv and Athens? A passport is required to fly from Tel Aviv to Athens. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Tel Aviv to Athens? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Tel Aviv to Athens flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Tel Aviv to Athens? There are nonstop flights from Tel Aviv to Athens on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Tel Aviv to Athens, TUS Airways or Aegean Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Tel Aviv to Athens are TUS Airways and Aegean Airlines. With an average price for the route of $177 and an overall rating of 8.3, TUS Airways is the most popular choice. Aegean Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $266 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Tel Aviv to Athens? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Tel Aviv to Athens. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Tel Aviv to Athens? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Athens from Tel Aviv is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Tel Aviv to Athens? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Athens with an airline and back to Tel Aviv with another airline. Booking your flights between Tel Aviv and ATH can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Tel Aviv to Athens? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Athens from Tel Aviv up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from TLV to Athens Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $121 or less one-way and $136 or less round-trip. When you fly from Tel Aviv to Athens, your plane will depart from Ben Gurion Airport (TLV). Known for being the main airport in Israel, Ben Gurion Airport can be found just over 12 miles southeast of Tel Aviv. Once you have reached your destination, your plane will land at Athens International Airport (ATH). Athens International Airport is the largest airport in the country of Greece, and it’s around 15.5 miles east of the city center. Nonstop flights between Tel Aviv and Athens are usually not offered, so plan on having either one or two layovers during your journey. There are a few different companies that may service these trips, including Aegean Airlines, Emirates, and Wizz Air. If you’re hoping to store some of your luggage once you have landed at Athens International Airport, you can do so at the counter in the Arrivals terminal near the baggage claim. Hourly, daily, and weekly prices are offered depending on your personal preference. Have some extra time to kill before you’re supposed to begin boarding your flight at Ben Gurion Airport? Go to one of the lounges that are offered for passengers, like the Massada Lounge that’s in Terminal 1. Terminal 3 has a few lounges as well, including the Arbel Lounge and the Dan Lounge, which has two locations near Concourses B and C. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl to Athens Eleftherios V.? Find which airlines fly direct from Ben Gurion Intl to Eleftherios V., which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl to Athens Eleftherios V. Search Flights Monday Arkia, BlueBird Airways, EL AL Arkia, BlueBird Airways, +1 more Tuesday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Wizz Air Malta BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +1 more Wednesday Arkia, BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +1 more Arkia, BlueBird Airways, +2 more 1 Thursday Arkia, BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +1 more Arkia, BlueBird Airways, +2 more 1 Friday BlueBird Airways, EL AL BlueBird Airways, EL AL Saturday Arkia, BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +1 more Arkia, BlueBird Airways, +2 more 1 Sunday Arkia, BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +2 more Arkia, BlueBird Airways, +3 more 1 2 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Athens Eleftherios V. to Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl Search Flights Monday Arkia, BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +2 more Arkia, BlueBird Airways, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday BlueBird Airways, EL AL, Wizz Air Malta, +2 more BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Arkia, BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +4 more Arkia, BlueBird Airways, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Arkia, BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +4 more Arkia, BlueBird Airways, +5 more 3 4 Friday EL AL, Bulgaria Air, Emirates EL AL, Bulgaria Air, +1 more Saturday Arkia, BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +2 more Arkia, BlueBird Airways, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Arkia, BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +5 more Arkia, BlueBird Airways, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Tel Aviv to Athens See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Tel Aviv to Athens. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Tel Aviv to Athens? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 TUS AirwaysOverall score based on 11 reviews 87overall 98crew 74food 80boarding 90comfort 76entertainment Airline reviews Great air crew, Seats well spaced, lovely cookie and drinks even in this short flightRead more about TUS Airways Great air crew, Seats well spaced, lovely cookie and drinks even in this short flight мы оплатили багаж через сайт, но в аэропорту сказали, что не видят оплаты и мы заплатили за багаж. Это ужасно получать такой сервис Pros: "Flight was on time. Shirt flight. No entertainment no food." Pros: "Nice kind crew" Cons: "Boarding system not sync On. Toh flights I did a web checkin and got to the gate and was told I am not checked in Lost my selected sit" Pros: "Able to fly to Haifa !" Cons: "Seats are not assigned so it's a bit messy" Pros: "Plane was modern and more comfortable than most" Cons: "I do understand that it was an overnight flight but the crew came around only during meals and at no other time did they check on us. I hit the call button and nobody came - call button just went off. I was in the middle next to a sleeping passenger and could not get up." Pros: "Crew was amazing." Cons: "Seats were a little narrow and could use new cushions." Pros: "It was a less old plane than in my JNB-DXB flight, but still old." Cons: "The outdated and unresponsive entertainment interface, the lack of legroom under the seats, and the fact that the already-limited legroom for middle seats must be shared, leading to tensions between passengers." Pros: "The food was good. The crew was very accommodating." Cons: ".If the seats recline to just a little bit more" Pros: "The crew was great and the dinner was really good!" Cons: "Breakfast could have been better and the seat was pretty uncomfortable" Pros: "Timing of flight" Cons: "Baggage policy has changed and has become too restrictive. Wieight and size and number of checked baggage is below competitors for transatlantic flights. Same for cabin luggage and is enforced randomly. Some economy passers were allowed two pieces, others were forced to check in cabiuggahe at $200." Pros: "Nothing after being ripped off with false misleading baggage policies." Cons: "WTH matters now. I will not fly this airline again. As well as advise" Pros: "The crew was fantastic. The food was good for airline food." Cons: "The seats were narrow and seemed a bit smaller than usual." Pros: "They were very courteous and provided us with a solution with an overweight luggage so that we wouldn’t pay the extra fees. Flight was very smooth on the 777. Best flight ever." Cons: "Nothing negative about this flight." Pros: "The cabin, the variety of beverages and the time of the trip" Cons: "Perhaps the strange breakfast and the TVs quality" Pros: "From Geneva to Athens we use the AEGEAN AIRLINES and the flight was very good over all. We had to use the AEGEAN because we missed the SWISS flight due to United's delays." Pros: "Everything aside from the food and cabin atmosphere." Cons: "Food and cabin atmosphere. The cabin felt very stuffy and warm." Pros: "Very positive experience." Cons: "Flight was delayed because of a flight late arriving from Barcelona. Unlike an international flight...no entertainment & only a slight snack food. Still highest marks for the crew and the service that they provided" Pros: "The service was outstanding!" Cons: "Most people had to wait at the gate for a boarding pass and my daughter and I were in completely different parts of the aircraft." Pros: "Good product" Cons: "Seat had some problems, but the crew fixed it for me" Pros: "Quick flight" Cons: "Small plane with very uncomfortable thin hard seats. Could feel the ride on this plane. Food not great. No entertainment on board." Cons: "Boarding is a mess There is no order at all That delays the flight" Pros: "Nice experience." Cons: "Seats are not so comfortable. Crew is nice, but not too nice" Pros: "Great seats,comfortable, food was delicious,good section movies. Friendly staff" Pros: "The staff was polait" Cons: "No option to make zhek in No opthin for vegeterian The media in my seat didn't work" 2 hours delay on the plane causing is to miss our connection Pros: "The crew were nice" Cons: "Everything else Check in Seat assignments My seat kept going back it was so uncomfortable there was zero over head space even for my small bag" Pros: "The seats very tightly spaced and did not reclnine" Cons: "The flights war 2 hours late and the boarding was totally disorganized." Cons: "The crew is not nice and rude. The checkin counter didnt allow me to have overweight of 300 grams. Ridiculous. At some areas of the plan the air conditioning doesn't work well" Cons: "The crew is not nice and rude. The checkin counter didnt allow me to have overweight of 300 grams. Ridiculous. At some areas of the plan the air conditioning doesn't work well." Pros: "Not much! Boarding was a nightmare, nobody knew which was the gate and actually they never put it up on the depatscreen. I felt like cattle!" Cons: "Get organized! Let the passengers know the gate, board by zones instead of a cattle call 45min. before boarding and having to endure the pushing and shoving during this time. Getting in an airplane where people are trying to find a place for their belongings, not finding any and clogging the way." Pros: "Very punctual and easy. Very friendly crew." Cons: "The seats feel small both in width and in leg room. Online check in did not work properly--I got a message that I was put on the stand-by list." Pros: "Hi, i was surprised that i had to ask an extra money for my suitcase, because when I ordered the flights nothing was written about extra payment!" Cons: "The check in staff at the front desk were extremely rude and forced me to check and pay for a bag that was a carryon." Pros: "The flight was ok , even though it was delayed 40 minutes" Cons: "I was surprised and disappointed when I found out that I had to pay for my Standard luggage 1 suitcase per person cist me an extra $92 USD and I now know that I will also have to pay on the yrip back . You site eas very unclear about this , exttemly disapointing!" Pros: "Although economy, it was pleasant and okay" Cons: "I bought a business ticket but flew in economy from Tel Aviv to Vienna. I knew about it but the ticket cost was still high." Pros: "The flight attendants where good and welcoming" Cons: "Seats are not comfortable and there us not enough seats space (to narrow to tight), no entertainment system at all, no power outlets to charge phone / tablet etc. it’s almost 2020, airplanes must include those elements as standard." Pros: "New dream-liner from Wew to ORD" Cons: "I ordered Kosher food but they didn't have me on the kosher food list - I ended up not eating!" Pros: "Fast, organized boarding, on time departure. Crew was courteous. Good food for airline food. I have only had positive experiences with this airline." Pros: "Polite crew. The food was much better that on any airline these days. The boarding process was organized fine." Cons: "As on any airline these days the leg space in economy class is very limited. The movie selection was OK but not great." Pros: "The flight was short: 4 hours. It was in time, etc. Certainly no entertainment." Cons: "After the breakfast (rather poor) no drink was suggested. There was a cup for tee or coffee. Empty one. After the breakfast they just took it away with other dirty dishes. It happened to all passengers in my neighborhood." Pros: "Crew was nice and very accommodating. Food service timing was good. Restrooms serviced every one efficiently. Electronic service outlets are quite helpful and thoughtful." Cons: "Only at boarding we were notified to be TSA screened, we ended up the last passengers to board and caused flight delay... Electronic check in did not provide food selection, specially for individuals who suffer some food allergies... Boarding process to be revised taking in consideration last minute matters to be better coordinated." Pros: "Service was great, the stewardess's were very professional and very caring without being too personal which is great for me .Every was done quickly and professionally with a great sense of efficiency and purpose .Hard to explain but so different from other airlines . Multimedia was phenomenal" Cons: "Food portions were smallish but acceptable .Seat reservation service got totally mixed up ,reserved one seat and got another .Maybe software glitch ,needs to be fixed." Pros: "You guys have. Very professional crew !!" Cons: "The customer service In Europe wasn’t helping out at all" Pros: "Overall reasonable flight. Nothing to write home about" Cons: "Breakfast was what I imagine prison food must be like. Rest of meals were fine" TUS Airways8.3 Emirates8.3 SWISS8.0 Aegean Airlines7.8 Austrian Airlines7.8 Book cheap flights from Tel Aviv to Athens Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Tel Aviv to Athens found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/31Sun nonstopISRAIR 2h 15mTLV-ATH $73 Search 12/12Tue nonstopISRAIR 2h 15mTLV-ATH $74 Search 4/21Sun nonstopArkia 2h 10mTLV-ATH $109 Search 12/21Thu nonstopArkia 2h 10mTLV-ATH $117 Search 12/22Fri nonstopEL AL 2h 10mTLV-ATH $125 Search 12/29Fri nonstopEL AL 2h 15mTLV-ATH $157 Search 1/2Tue 1 stopPegasus Airlines 6h 45mTLV-ATH $160 Search 12/8Fri nonstopBlueBird Airways 2h 10mTLV-ATH $213 Search 12/16Sat nonstopBlueBird Airways 2h 10mTLV-ATH $214 Search 1/3Wed 1 stopPegasus Airlines 16h 30mTLV-ATH $250 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineISRAIRArkiaEL ALPegasus AirlinesBlueBird Airways Search by price$70 or less$120 or less$160 or less$210 or less$250 or less Last minute flights from Tel Aviv to Athens Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Tel Aviv to Athens that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon nonstopISRAIR 2h 15mTLV-ATH 12/7Thu nonstopISRAIR 2h 00mATH-TLV $164 Search 12/4Mon nonstopISRAIR 2h 15mTLV-ATH 12/7Thu nonstopISRAIR 2h 00mATH-TLV $166 Search 12/5Tue nonstopISRAIR 2h 15mTLV-ATH 12/27Wed nonstopISRAIR 2h 00mATH-TLV $169 Search 12/4Mon nonstopISRAIR 2h 15mTLV-ATH 12/12Tue nonstopISRAIR 2h 00mATH-TLV $180 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 2h 10mTLV-ATH 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 00mATH-TLV $181 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 2h 10mTLV-ATH 12/12Tue nonstop 2h 00mATH-TLV $191 Search 12/1Fri nonstopArkia 2h 10mTLV-ATH 12/10Sun nonstopArkia 1h 55mATH-TLV $263 Search 12/1Fri nonstopArkia 2h 10mTLV-ATH 12/10Sun nonstopArkia 1h 55mATH-TLV $282 Search 12/1Fri nonstopEL AL 2h 15mTLV-ATH 12/4Mon nonstopEL AL 1h 50mATH-TLV $311 Search 12/1Fri nonstopEL AL 2h 10mTLV-ATH 12/5Tue nonstopEL AL 1h 50mATH-TLV $335 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineISRAIRArkiaEL AL Search by price$170 or less$180 or less$190 or less$280 or less$340 or less Tel Aviv - Athens Flights Departure: Tel Aviv (TLV)Israel Destination: Athens (ATH)Greece Return flight deals: Athens - Tel Aviv Cabin classes: First Class flights to Athens $395 Business Class flights to Athens $1,257 Prem Econ Class flights to Athens $72 Economy Class flights to Athens Browse origins: Flights » Tel Aviv $102Flights from Tel Aviv to Athens Browse destinations: Flights » Athens $102Flights to Athens, Athens Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Athens flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Athens from Tel Aviv. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Athens from Tel Aviv. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.