Cheap Flights from St. John's to Toronto Pearson from C$ 119 | (YYT - YYZ) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYT - YYZ Find cheap flights from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport from C$ 119 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 15/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Toronto Pearson Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from St. John's to Toronto, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from St. John's to Toronto, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from St. John's to Pearson Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from St. John's to Pearson Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:00 a.m. - 9:15 a.m.YYT-YYZ 3h 45mdirect 7:55 p.m. - 12:29 a.m.YYZ-YYT 3h 04mdirect C$ 170Porter Airlines Find Deal Mon, 8 Jan - Fri, 12 Jan 7:00 a.m. - 9:15 a.m.YYT-YYZ 3h 45mdirect 8:15 p.m. - 12:49 a.m.YYZ-YYT 3h 04mdirect C$ 171Porter Airlines Find Deal Mon, 15 Jan - Mon, 15 Jan 5:00 a.m. - 7:26 a.m.YYT-YYZ 3h 56mdirect 12:30 p.m. - 5:04 p.m.YYZ-YYT 3h 04mdirect C$ 172Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Fri, 19 Jan 12:20 p.m. - 2:25 p.m.YYT-YYZ 3h 35mdirect 2:45 p.m. - 7:20 p.m.YYZ-YYT 3h 05mdirect C$ 175Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 24 May - Sat, 15 Jun 7:00 a.m. - 9:15 a.m.YYT-YYZ 3h 45mdirect 7:20 p.m. - 11:54 p.m.YYZ-YYT 3h 04mdirect C$ 176Porter Airlines Find Deal Wed, 31 Jan - Wed, 14 Feb 7:05 p.m. - 9:06 p.m.YYT-YYZ 3h 31mdirect 1:45 p.m. - 6:16 p.m.YYZ-YYT 3h 01mdirect C$ 191WestJet Find Deal Mon, 15 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 5:30 a.m. - 9:46 a.m.YYT-YYZ 5h 46m1 stop 5:15 p.m. - 9:49 p.m.YYZ-YYT 3h 04mdirect C$ 207Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Mon, 15 Jan 1:25 p.m. - 3:26 p.m.YYT-YYZ 3h 31mdirect 8:05 a.m. - 12:38 p.m.YYZ-YYT 3h 03mdirect C$ 209WestJet Find Deal Sun, 18 Feb - Sun, 25 Feb 7:00 a.m. - 9:15 a.m.YYT-YYZ 3h 45mdirect 8:05 a.m. - 12:36 p.m.YYZ-YYT 3h 01mdirect C$ 225 Find Deal Sat, 13 Jan - Sun, 21 Jan 7:05 p.m. - 9:06 p.m.YYT-YYZ 3h 31mdirect 7:20 a.m. - 11:50 a.m.YYZ-YYT 3h 00mdirect C$ 236 Find Deal Fri, 12 Apr - Mon, 15 Apr Show more results Flights from St. John's to Pearson Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from St. John's to Pearson Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is October, where tickets cost C$ 320 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 562 and C$ 490 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 23 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Toronto Pearson Airport from St. John's were found on Porter Airlines (C$ 119) and Air Canada (C$ 134), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Porter Airlines (C$ 231) and Air Canada (C$ 233). Which airlines fly direct between St. John's and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Porter Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with WestJet at C$ 154. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Porter Airlines. How many flights are there between St. John's and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 5 and 8 nonstop flights that take off from St. John's and land in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 3h 52m. The most common departure time is 6:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 40 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between St. John's and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport take? Direct flights take on average 3h 30m to travel the 3,414 km between St. John's and Toronto Pearson Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from St. John's at 5:00 am and will be landing in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 7:26 am. What’s the latest departure time from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport jets off at 7:05 pm and lands at 9:06 pm. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 119 Best time to beat the crowds (3% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (15% more expensive on average) Flight from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport When to book flights from St. John's to Pearson Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from St. John's to Pearson Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport flights How do I get from St. John’s Airport to the city center? There are many transportation options available from the airport after arrival. Bus route 14 services the airport with two pick-up locations at the Arrivals Hall next to the Holiday Inn Express hotel. Another transportation option from the airport is a car rental. Some of the available car rental agencies available onsite include Avis, Alamo, Budget, Thrifty, and National. Additionally, most area hotels offer travelers airport transportation services as a courtesy to their guests. Some of the few hotels that provide airport shuttle services include Comfort Inn Airport and Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton. Taxi services are also available from the airport to different locations. What are the transport options from the Billy Bishop Airport? You can get from the airport to the mainland with the airport shuttle service that operates every 15min between downtown Toronto and the mainland ferry. You can find the downtown shuttle stop outside the western entrance of the Royal York Hotel. Travelers can also use the pedestrian tunnel as an alternative to the ferry. You can get from the airport to the mainland within 6min. Other transportation options include car rentals, taxis, streetcar, and the ferry. Are there medical services at Toronto Pearson Airport? Are you not feeling well? You can purchase some medication at the DrugSmart Pharmacy next to the Apple Tree Medical Center. The pharmacy operates between 6am and 10pm. Passengers can also assess medical care at the Apple Tree Medical Center located at Terminal 1 landside. Doctors are available at the medical facility from 9am to 5pm. You can walk in for treatment during the operating hours or book online beyond the hours. What facilities are offered at St. John’s Airport? The airport has ATMs operated by CIBC. These cash machines are located on the first floor in the Atrium and opposite Tim Horton’s. Do you have an infant or a small child? The airport has children’s play areas located at the departures lounge and landside, opposite the food court. There are diaper-changing facilities as well. You can also access a nursing station on the second floor of the departure lounge. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport? Air Canada, and Swoop offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between St. John's and Toronto Pearson Airport, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport? There are direct flights from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from St. John's to Toronto, Porter Airlines or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from St. John's to Toronto are Porter Airlines and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 382 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 448 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Toronto Pearson Airport from St. John's is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Toronto Pearson Airport with an airline and back to St. John's with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Toronto Pearson Airport from St. John's up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from St. John's to Toronto Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 202 or less one-way and C$ 356 or less round-trip. Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ) offers free Wi-Fi to passengers. The best part is that you can choose from the several available seating areas around the airport, all equipped with tablets where you can surf the internet while awaiting your flight. St. John’s Airport (YYT) has free Wi-Fi available and several mobile device charging stations near the gates. Travelers in search of additional comfort can get fee-based access to the first-class lounge. Toronto Billy Bishop Airport (YTZ) has water fountains to refill your water bottle if you are thirsty, located past security. The airport also has duty-free shopping options available from 5:30am to 11pm. You can visit the information desk located at the arrivals level of Toronto Pearson Airport if you have any questions. The desk is also available for passengers who need assistance with anything. St. John’s Airport has a peaceful room for prayer and meditation. Travellers can also request chaplaincy services for issues like stress management and grief relief, which are available at the Landslide, third floor. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from St John's to Toronto Pearson Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from St John's to Pearson Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures St John's to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +11 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Avianca, +7 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +11 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Avianca, +7 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +8 more 6 7 Friday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +11 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Avianca, +7 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +14 more Air Canada,Air France, +15 more 13 14 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Toronto Pearson Intl to St John's Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Avianca, +11 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Avianca, +7 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Avianca, +10 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Avianca, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Avianca, +10 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Avianca, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 Sunday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +10 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +11 more 9 10 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 4 airlines serving from St. John's to Pearson Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from St. John's to Toronto. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from St. John's to Pearson Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9263 reviews 80overall 84crew 71food 70entertainment 81boarding 77comfort Airline reviews Both flights we boarded and had to wait 1 hr/45 m respectively before leaving the gate. This was over and above normal times. Seats and space not comfortable.Read more about WestJet Both flights we boarded and had to wait 1 hr/45 m respectively before leaving the gate. This was over and above normal times. Seats and space not comfortable. Pros: "Very little" Cons: "Rough weather. Stopped delivering water and snacks. Seat belt off and no attempt to continue water and snacks for 20 minutes. Then started back at front again to those who had already been served once. When got to me no snacks offered. Had to ask." Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)" Pros: "The crew was wonderful. Boarding was orderly and there was enough overhead space on this full flight. Even though the flight left later than schedule it was not a terrible delay. The overall experience was the opposite of my last flight on West Jet." Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy" Pros: "Good legroom in premium economy, power outlets at all seats" Cons: "WiFi speed was terrible" Cons: "Delays left us in the plane for almost 1 1/2 hours before leaving Toronto." Pros: "Nothing really." Cons: "The lady at the checkin desk volunteered me to check my carry on and told me that she would charge me if I didn’t comply. ( there was more than enough room on the plane for me to store it). The plane wreaked of poo the whole flight and it gave me a head ache, which my Tylenol was in my carry on that the lady forced me to check. And the flight was only supposed to be delayed 15 min, and we didn’t take off until 45 min later, which made us miss our connection. Very disappointing service/ flight from WestJet!" Cons: "For some reason, the return was in Hamilton not Toronto. Unfortunately, I noticed after I paid. Not sure why the flight wasn't from Toronto." Pros: "Easy boarding, friendly crew" Cons: "Food cart passed us because we had our head down... they must have thought we were sleeping, gum stuck in magazine, the amount of ads before watching a show" New jet. Lots of leg room. On time departure. Early arrival. Reasonable airfare. Excellent online experience. Porter uses the intelligent and logical way of boarding a plane - from the back. Nothing , two weeks of dealing with booking glitches on porters side , as our main international carrier was fine ,we were assured. When we got to check in everything would be smooth , we were confirmed there would be no issues, guess what happened? After an hour and a half at check inn we were told there was technical glitch involving payment we may not be able to fly , which would have set off a catastrophic chain , the undue stress on my family was unbearable . They really communicated well advised well in advance of a delay. Contacted to tell me it was almost time to go and to do a check in. Porter, like most airlines, need to improve their baggage policies. In reality, there are no longer 'cheap flights' because passengers pay exorbitant baggage fees. Porter is what Westjet used to be. Staff were great Cons: "Needs to be more clear that you have to pay to bring bag on." Pros: "Cheap price of the airline ticket." Cons: "I was booked where someone was already sitting. It was difficult because I was with my two young children. And someone else was booked in my child's seat also." Cons: "I was required to pay for my carryon, which I was never informed during my booking." Pros: "The cookies" Cons: "They bumped our flight for no reason and we sat for 3 extra hours in Toronto as several flights to our destination passed" on a 5 hour flight from toronto to san fran, no crackers or cookies, nothing. i was surprised. I liked the wider seats coming home. I hated being put in section 5 and don't know how you figure that stuff out. I bought tickets mid summer. was it because I was economy? I am 75 and had to turn over my carry on both times. It is hard for people of all sizes and disabilities to fit into spaces. I liked the staff, and that we got through the fog. You are stuck with planes and economics in order to function, so whoever is reading this, it's nothing much you can do, except, perhaps, offer a tiny snack free on 4 + hour trips. Air Canada change our flights to and from Canada three times prior to our scheduled date, then late the night before our flight cancelled our outbound flight from Atlanta. They rescheduled it for 32 hours later. This ruined the entire week we had planned in Newfoundland, so we cancelled the entire trip and requested a full reimbursement. The woman at check-in offered to put me in an earlier flight to Toronto. Was thrilled. Air Canada should do their safety check then only invite the passengers on board The crew were terribly disorganized. Constantly pushing carts back and forth like a bulldozer. Except this bulldozer was run by a 15 year old. Pros: "Entertainment unit and comfort were standard 5/5 for both" Cons: "Boarding a massive 777 is difficult but some how other airlines do it smoother. Not sure how boarding 3 zones at once makes sense, which created a long que. Plus a delayed plane didn’t help the matter Unnecessary comments by one crew member while passengers were putting away their luggage were over heard and provided no value to the situations. Cup of noodles and a 3 tiny pieces of beef plate were provided for dinner which was very disappointing. While a typical egg breakfast and snack were also provided. Hot beverages were generally not served due to turbulence and water service during the 12hr flight was minimal." Pros: "When I got sick, staff were friendly, helpful and soothing until the arrival of the ambulance. They made me feel much better during a very stressful situation." Cons: "Started off by being 40 mins delayed. Not bad, compared to the 4 hour delay I had going to Vancouver. Flight was super uncomfortable. Upon arrival to Toronto. The gate had ice on it. So we had to wait in the plane for over an hour before we could get to a gate and off the plane. And then the entire plane of people (300-400 people I believe?) had to wait for our bags to come out for TWO HOURS! Meanwhile flights from Vancouver that we’re supposed to leave after us , left before us, got there before us, and got their bags before us. Horrible trip. I could not believe how unprofessional and unprepared Air Canada and the Toronto airport was during the holidays!" Pros: "Air Canada has one of the best buy on board menu's of any North American carrier. They even allow you to purchase Business Class meals (subject to availability of course). Flying on the older 767-300ER also has more shoulder and leg room than some of Air Canada's newer configurations for the 787 and 777." Cons: "Air Canada's boarding process is a bit frustrating. On American Airlines and United Flight attendants make announcements over the PA to (a) step out of the aisle to let people pass, and (b) place larger suitcases in the overhead and smaller bags under the seat. That way they try to ensure there is enough bin space to accommodate everyone. Passengers on Air Canada stuff everything in to the overhead bin and nothing under their seat, leaving little for those boarding after and delaying the flight because flight attendants are looking for bin space. If they were more pro-active, it would speed things up." Pros: "Rouge is not air Canada" Cons: "As someone who flies AC quite abit. Rouge is not AC" Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from St. John's to Toronto Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from St. John's to Toronto found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 15/12Fri directPorter Airlines 3h 45mYYT-YYZ C$ 88 Search 28/1Sun directPorter Airlines 3h 45mYYT-YYZ C$ 93 Search 11/1Thu directPorter Airlines 3h 45mYYT-YYZ C$ 94 Search 28/1Sun directAir Canada 3h 56mYYT-YYZ C$ 99 Search 11/3Mon directWestJet 3h 31mYYT-YYZ C$ 104 Search 28/2Wed directWestJet 3h 31mYYT-YYZ C$ 107 Search 21/12Thu directAir Canada 3h 56mYYT-YYZ C$ 115 Search 6/12Wed directWestJet 3h 31mYYT-YYZ C$ 123 Search 11/1Thu 3 stops 23h 30mYYT-YYZ C$ 328 Search 26/2Mon 2 stops 23h 40mYYT-YYZ C$ 340 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaWestJet Search by priceC$ 90 or lessC$ 100 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 340 or less Last minute flights from St. John's to Pearson Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from St. John's to Toronto that are departing in the next 10 days. 3/12Sun multi-stopPorter Airlines 6h 07mYYT-YYZ 11/12Mon directPorter Airlines 3h 04mYYZ-YYT C$ 500 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopPorter Airlines 5h 25mYYT-YYZ 9/12Sat directPorter Airlines 3h 04mYYZ-YYT C$ 518 Search 2/12Sat directAir Canada 3h 56mYYT-YYZ 9/12Sat directAir Canada 3h 04mYYZ-YYT C$ 560 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopPorter Airlines 8h 12mYYT-YYZ 5/12Tue directPorter Airlines 3h 04mYYZ-YYT C$ 603 Search 1/12Fri directPorter Airlines 3h 45mYYT-YYZ 1/12Fri directPorter Airlines 3h 04mYYZ-YYT C$ 630 Search 2/12Sat directPorter Airlines 3h 45mYYT-YYZ 2/12Sat directPorter Airlines 3h 04mYYZ-YYT C$ 632 Search 1/12Fri directAir Canada 3h 56mYYT-YYZ 1/12Fri multi-stopAir Canada 6h 50mYYZ-YYT C$ 717 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopAir Canada 6h 46mYYT-YYZ 1/12Fri multi-stopAir Canada 5h 00mYYZ-YYT C$ 753 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopAir Canada 7h 14mYYT-YYZ 1/12Fri multi-stopAir Canada 7h 46mYYZ-YYT C$ 922 Search 2/12Sat multi-stop 12h 25mYYT-YYZ 9/12Sat multi-stop 13h 00mYYZ-YYT C$ 1,461 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir Canada Search by priceC$ 520 or lessC$ 600 or lessC$ 630 or lessC$ 750 or lessC$ 1,460 or less St. John's - Toronto Pearson Airport Flights Departure: St. John's (YYT)Canada Destination: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Return flight deals: Toronto Pearson Airport - St. John's Cabin classes: First Class flights to Toronto C$ 1,260 Business Class flights to Toronto Prem Econ Class flights to Toronto C$ 179 Economy Class flights to Toronto Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Newfoundland and Labrador » St. John's C$ 186Flights from St. John's to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 186Flights to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, Toronto Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Halifax Flights to Ottawa Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Fort McMurray Flights to Edmonton Flights to Grande Prairie Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Toronto Pearson Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Toronto Pearson Airport from St. John's. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Toronto Pearson Airport from St. John's. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.