Cheap Flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas from $42 | (ATL - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ATL - LAS Find cheap flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas from $42 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/30. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Atlanta to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:46 am - 11:43 pmATL-LAS 14h 57m1 stop 10:21 am - 9:19 pmLAS-ATL 7h 58m1 stop $79Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 4:45 pm - 11:09 pmATL-LAS 9h 24m1 stop 11:02 pm - 3:33 pmLAS-ATL 13h 31m1 stop $86Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 7:05 am - 12:01 pmATL-LAS 7h 56m1 stop 11:02 pm - 10:51 amLAS-ATL 8h 49m1 stop $91Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 7:05 am - 12:01 pmATL-LAS 7h 56m1 stop 9:01 pm - 5:23 pmLAS-ATL 17h 22m1 stop $92Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 13 4:44 pm - 12:51 amATL-LAS 11h 07m1 stop 11:22 pm - 6:17 amLAS-ATL 3h 55mnonstop $93Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Thu, Dec 14 4:45 pm - 9:39 pmATL-LAS 7h 54m1 stop 10:21 pm - 6:44 pmLAS-ATL 17h 23m1 stop $94Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Tue, Dec 19 9:07 pm - 11:01 pmATL-LAS 4h 54mnonstop 6:00 am - 9:28 pmLAS-ATL 12h 28m1 stop $96Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 10:15 am - 6:52 pmATL-LAS 11h 37m1 stop 2:06 pm - 9:06 pmLAS-ATL 4h 00mnonstop $103 Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Fri, Jan 26 4:45 pm - 9:39 pmATL-LAS 7h 54m1 stop 11:59 pm - 6:54 amLAS-ATL 3h 55mnonstop $107 Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 13 3:57 pm - 9:24 pmATL-LAS 8h 27m1 stop 12:30 am - 11:31 amLAS-ATL 8h 01m1 stop $163American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 20 - Thu, Feb 22 Show more results Flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Atlanta to Las Vegas? The average price of all flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Las Vegas on a Tuesday and more expensive on a Thursday. On your return trip to Atlanta, you should consider flying back on a Wednesday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Atlanta to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas is January, where tickets cost $179 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $302 and $298 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Atlanta to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Atlanta to Las Vegas, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 34 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Las Vegas from Atlanta were found on Spirit Airlines ($42) and Frontier ($56), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($79) and Frontier ($93). Which airlines fly most frequently between Atlanta and Las Vegas? Delta (10 flights per day), Southwest (2 flights per day), and Spirit Airlines (one flight per day) are the most frequent flyers of this route. Which airlines fly non-stop between Atlanta and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Atlanta to Las Vegas. They are: Delta, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $80 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Atlanta and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 12 and 16 nonstop flights that take off from Atlanta and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 4h 36m. The most common departure time is 9:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 101 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Atlanta and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Atlanta to Las Vegas take? The average nonstop flight takes 4h 01m, covering a distance of 1,742 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Atlanta to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Atlanta at 6:20 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 7:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from Atlanta to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Atlanta to Las Vegas jets off at 10:55 pm and lands at 12:31 am. Good to know Low season August High season April Cheapest flight $42 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 18% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 8% increase in price. Flight from Atlanta to Las Vegas When to book flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Atlanta to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas What are the eco-friendliest airlines with flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas? Non-stop flights on this route are more sustainable than direct flights. Approximately 1,313 kg of carbon is released per person on flights to Las Vegas from Atlanta. Frontier Airlines and Spirit Airlines are eco-friendlier compared to other airlines with the latter producing 30% less carbon and the former 34% less carbon. What is there to do at Harry Reid International Airport (LAS)? Are you feeling tired from seating in a cramped airplane seat? Travelers can pamper themselves at the XpresSpa in LAS after your flight from Atlanta to Las Vegas. Enjoy a relaxing and revitalizing massage, haircut, facial, or blow-dry at this airport spa chain. You could also sample exquisite cocktails at the bars by the C Gates of Terminal 1 or savor healthy options from Rachel’s kitchen. Does Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) offer parking facilities? Yes. ATL airport offers parking facilities 24/7 that are conveniently accessible on foot to the terminals. Drivers have 12 on-airport parking facilities as well as off-site Atlanta Airport garages and lots nearby to choose from. The short-term parking facilities are found at the domestic terminal entrance. If you are planning to stay in Las Vegas for a while, then the economy lot of long-term parking in ATL is the perfect option. There are also shuttles running from the off-site parking facilities. Does Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) offer accessible services? ATL Airport has devoted itself to providing accessibility and mobility options to impaired passengers. The airport’s shuttles are ramp-equipped for lifting wheelchairs. Passengers with autism are catered for adequately at the Concourse F calming sensory room. Moreover, accessible restrooms with adult changing tables as well as TDD telephones are scattered within the airport. For any support and wheelchair assistance, inform your airline well ahead of time. What is the best way to travel from McCarran International Airport to downtown Las Vegas? If you would like to travel from McCarran International Airport to downtown Las Vegas as quickly as possible, hail a taxi, as the trip only takes between 15 and 20 minutes. If you would prefer to use more budget-friendly transport, take the local bus line 108, which takes 30 to 40 minutes to get to the city center. Are there any pet relief areas in McCarran International Airport? If you are traveling with your furry friend or support animal, take note of the four different pet relief zones that are located in McCarran International Airport. There is an indoor and outdoor area located outside of Terminals 1 and 3, both of which provide pet owners with complimentary waste pick-up bags, soap, and sinks. What is there to do at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? Have some time to kill before your flight takes off from Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? If you would like to be pampered, stop by one of the several XpresSpa locations found throughout the different Departure terminals. If you enjoy art or music, check the airport’s event calendar to see if any expositions or live shows will be held in the airport’s atrium during the time of your travels. Is there anywhere to smoke at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? There are currently 6 indoor smoking areas located in Terminals A, B, C, E, and F of Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport. Additionally, there are several outdoor smoking zones near the Arrivals area that are clearly labeled with official airport signs. Do I need a passport to fly between Atlanta and Las Vegas? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Atlanta to Las Vegas? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Atlanta to Las Vegas flight route: Delta, Alaska Airlines, Cape Air, Spirit Airlines, American Airlines, JetBlue, and Silver Airways. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Atlanta to Las Vegas? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Atlanta to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Atlanta and Las Vegas. On which days can I fly direct from Atlanta to Las Vegas? There are nonstop flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $597 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $326 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Atlanta to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Atlanta is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Atlanta with another airline. Booking your flights between Atlanta and LAS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Atlanta to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Atlanta up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ATL to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $80 or less one-way and $153 or less round-trip. Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) has gone the extra mile to ensure business-minded travelers feel at home. The Travelex business center features everything you need to finish your to-do list. It is conveniently located at the Arrival section of Terminal 3. Head to the several lounges in ATL provided by your airline if you need a break from the hustles and bustles of the airport. The Delta Sky Club is situated in Concourse A-E while the United Club is in Concourse T. Military personnel and their families can relax at the USO lounge in the Domestic Terminal around the Atrium. You can relax at either Best Western McCarran hotel or the Double Tree Hotel by Hilton Hotel Las Vegas Airport after your flight from Atlanta to Las Vegas. These exquisitely furnished hotels offer cutting-edge amenities such as a fitness center, a swimming pool, and spacious suites. Nothing beats learning new things during a journey. You are encouraged to visit the one-of-a-kind Aviation Museum at Harry Reid International Airport where you can learn about the heritage of Las Vegas’ aviation. It is adorned with displays of exceptional art such as the 1958 Cessna 172 antique. The museum is located above baggage claim, on Level 2 of Terminal 1. While flying with youngsters in tow might be exhausting, parents can bring their children for a pleasant respite at Harry Reid International Airport’s play area. The play area focuses mainly on aviation-themed activities and attractions. It is situated on Level 2 near the D Gates. If you’re looking for direct flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas, there are several airlines that you can book your travels with. While Delta and United Airlines are known for having seats with above average legroom, SouthWest Airlines lets customers check up to two bags for free. For those who are booking a flight from Atlanta to Las Vegas to do some gambling, make sure to stop by one of the several slot machine areas that are located in the terminals of McCarran International Airport. These machines can be used by all guests aged 21 and over and they are an easy way to relax after a day of traveling. Hoping to burn off some steam after being cooped up in a plane for several hours? McCarran International Airport has several FlyFit! walking routes that allow guests to leisurely burn some calories and stretch their legs after their flight has landed. To answer some emails or get some work done before your flight takes off from Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport, head to the Business Center that is located in Terminal F. Equipped with work stations, outlets, and printing services, this center is an ideal place for business travelers to pass the time before boarding. If you’re worried about your phone dying before your flight takes off, consider renting a reusable and portable Fuel Rod Charger from one of the several rental centers in Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport. There is no maximum for the amount of time they can be rented for and they can be used in every terminal. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Hartsfield-Jackson to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Atlanta to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Atlanta to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Atlanta to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 85boarding 82comfort 85overall 88crew 78entertainment 79food Airline reviews Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport" Pros: "The snack was a whole sandwich that was quite tasty and in my opinion far better than the two meals I was served on my US to Europe flight on Condor. The staff were very kind, accommodating and served us damp linens to wipe our hands with before eating, which I did not receive on the Condor flight." Pros: "Overall, a great experience." Cons: "The flight attendants were excellent overall, but one of them reacted unprofessionally when I asked her to throw something away prior to departure. (I believe it was the first class flight attendant, as I did not interact with her again after take off)." Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Pros: "No hassle and easy boarding." Cons: "More room and limit on size of luggage in the overhead compartment." Pros: "The flight itself was as expected." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3+ hours with no reasoning shared with travelers. No compensation, complimentary beverage, etc. was provided." Cons: "Miss airline meals but realize this was a short flight. Everyone was great." Pros: "Crew was very nice." Cons: "Boarding was very hectic. This caused the plane to be delayed" Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "I didn’ ask for internet but i was charged$25 I don’t know what to name it !" Pros: "Friendly staff" Cons: "No food offered but I usually don’t eat food but some passengers were asking about the food service" Pros: "Seat was comfy and the leg room makes a difference." Pros: "Mint. It's great. Very confirmable" Cons: "Slow taxi process after landing at LAS. Took 30+ minutes to get to gate" Cons: "Nobody speaks english. Announcement also in Portuguese. Very difficult for foreigners. Gate people are awful." Cons: "Our flight out of Atlanta was delayed twice, and eventually cancelled due to mechanical problems - this caused us to miss our connecting flight from JFK to TLV. We had to rescheduled our flights (slow and convoluted route): Atlanta, Boston, Newark, Tel Aviv. We are presently in Boston." Cons: "The door wouldn’t open once we arrived in Detroit" Pros: "Nice plane, amenities" Cons: "Better information about perpetual delays - honesty about delay. Information to respond appropriately." Pros: "The staff was very nice." Cons: "We wasnt told how to use the tvs and where to put earbuds." Pros: "I liked having a variety of movies and show to watch during a five hour flight" Cons: "There was a worker outside the plane demanding people to step to the side. He didn’t say please or thank you. Rude!" Pros: "I ended up in the exit row, so that was great. Flight attendant Evan was really friendly and helpful" Pros: "Direct TV was a great way to pass the time." Cons: "No ear plugs offered and my iPhone jack didn’t fit." Pros: "On a quick 40 minute flight they still managed to serve coffee, water and snacks." Cons: "Seats are terrible - need replacing-worn out; say like Queen Latina, setting on top of one another; absolutely no leg room!" Pros: "We actually did not fly this route. We bought a car and drove home!" Pros: "The short duration of the flight and punctual arrival. Better seating with more leg space in Airbus than in the horrible Boeing 467- 400." Cons: "No headsets distributed so I couldn't listen to film program. Crew rather impersonal. I'm dreaming of an airline that uses functioni g loudspeakers during boarding. Nobody understands acoustically which zone is being boarded ( not only a Delta issue)." Pros: "Got me there Safely" Cons: "Couldn’t understand announcements... at all! By flight attendant or pilot" Cons: "There was no food or entertainment. There was a problem with the seat of the person in front of me. He couldn't keep his seat straight and his head was in my lap throughout the flight." Pros: "Great crew" Cons: "Wi-Fi not working or hard to get to work. Flight was delayed by an hour and service was very rushed." Cons: "The flight was delayed 75 min because the plane wouldnt start. A differernt aircraft was needed to resume ops." Cons: "No food, just snacks and no place close to the gate to eat." My wife and I both use canes. Although I had checked in 24 hours before the flight and noted we would be checking two roll-on bags, the machines at the check in area did not produce luggage tags, and staff were unwilling to help unless we joined the long queue, a very difficult challenge. We opted to take the bags on board and, of course, were relieved of the jells and scissors in the bags at security. On board crew were then unhelpful in hoisting the bags into the overhead bins. Flight late …60 minutes No food No wifi No entertainment system A disaster!!! The flight was on time and they didn't loose my luggage. The plane wasn't very clean. The plane was so hot and the air above was basically nothing. Pros: "The crew was fine" Cons: "the checked luggage took over an hour to arrive at the carousel. ZERO communication. Other flights arrived after ours and all their baggage arrived and they all left while we stood. No information. No explanation. Poor" Pros: "The crew was very friendly, helpful and accommodating. We were in business class and appreciated the use of the Clubroom Lounge at Gatwick airport, (although none of the ground people told us about it, we happened to ask on our own.)" Cons: "Baggage check in was a hassle. Too automated." Pros: "The crew worked hard to ensure that we had a good flight with minimal interruptions" Cons: "Delays always hurt, the flight was delayed yet there were no notifications and additionally the delay was closer to an hour long since boarding only started 20 minutes late." Pros: "The crew went out of his way to help us!" Cons: "The landing was the worst I have ever experienced! Must be a student pilot or something! Been traveling for many years and never once vomit! I almost did in this flight! twice!!" Pros: "The seating in the 737 was comfortable." Cons: "This flight was booked as a connection through Atlanta on Delta. When I checked in (on the previous flight) was able to select seats or print a boarding pass for the Atlanta to Calgary leg." Cons: "No explanation was given why flight left almost 2 hours late" Pros: "Great crew - good attitudes." Cons: "Delayed for an hour due to a log book issue." Cons: "I upgraded my seats, but we still didn’t get any extras for the price." Pros: "ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!" Cons: "At 12:40 p.m. we boarded American Airlines flight 1350 in ATL, just to SIT on plane for 1 1/2 hours (half the time with NO AIR). Computer problems. Had to get off plane, then had to wait in 3 lines. Agents were so UNPROFESSIONAL! Kept saying flight would go... DID NOT go until another plane came in at 9:00 PM! We, needless to say missed our connecting flight to SYDNEY and had to wait til next day and fly to SAN FRANCISCO, then to MELBOURNE, then on to Christchurch. We MISSED out on TWO DAYS of our short trip! which included missed reservations!!" Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Pros: "It was fine. Just not anything great." Cons: "Many groups were not seated together. at the airport I asked if my husband and I could be put together . One worker seemed interested in helping, but another rudely butted in and said there "were no seats together, the flight was full." Come to find out the flight was not full, there were whole rows not full. The groups near our seats rearranged ourselves so we could be by our family members, so it worked out. No thanks to the person at the terminal. Really long walk from the gate to the plane. No food on a cross country flight. Only a few cups of water/soda and a cookie. which unfortunately is typical now days. The lights were off the whole trip. The captain kept turning on the seat belt sign for the turbulence. Which there was a lot of. But then he would announce for everyone to go back to their seats. It wasn't huge bumps, just a little rough. and it woke everyone up by announcing it multiple times." Pros: "The airplane was modern, clean and comfortable and the flight was on time" Cons: "Everything was good" Pros: "On-board staff were professional and kept everything running smoothly and with great communication from the pilot." Cons: "Claiming baggage at LaGuardia was an hours-long process for everyone on the flight leading to raised tension and lots of tired folks on what was already a late (and delayed flight)." Pros: "VEry good Cabin crew and the plane was reasonable new" Pros: "The flight was good crew members was nice and professional." Pros: "On time." Cons: "The door team was all over the place creating a chaos at the time for boarding the plain. I've notice several people in front of me were complaining due to the boarding dynamics. (Not smooth boarding)" Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Atlanta to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/30Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 10h 33mATL-LAS $42 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 9h 24mATL-LAS $43 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopFrontier 10h 44mATL-LAS $56 Search 12/10Sun nonstopFrontier 4h 56mATL-LAS $59 Search 1/27Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 13h 13mATL-LAS $227 Search 4/10Wed nonstopDelta 4h 31mATL-LAS $249 Search 1/26Fri 2 stopsUnited Airlines 13h 12mATL-LAS $257 Search 12/20Wed nonstopDelta 4h 34mATL-LAS $299 Search 1/24Wed 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 9h 31mATL-LAS $342 Search 12/15Fri 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 8h 22mATL-LAS $387 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierUnited AirlinesDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$40 or less$60 or less$250 or less$300 or less$390 or less Last minute flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 28mATL-LAS 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 18mLAS-ATL $105 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 4h 54mATL-LAS 12/14Thu nonstopFrontier 3h 55mLAS-ATL $115 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 38mATL-LAS 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 18mLAS-ATL $116 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 38mATL-LAS 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 53mLAS-ATL $117 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 4h 54mATL-LAS 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 55mLAS-ATL $118 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 4h 28mATL-LAS 12/12Tue nonstop 3h 55mLAS-ATL $120 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 4h 28mATL-LAS 12/6Wed nonstop 3h 55mLAS-ATL $123 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 28mATL-LAS 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 52mLAS-ATL $124 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 4h 38mATL-LAS 12/6Wed nonstop 3h 55mLAS-ATL $125 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 4h 56mATL-LAS 12/14Thu nonstopFrontier 3h 55mLAS-ATL $128 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontier Search by price$120 or less$120 or less$120 or less$120 or less$130 or less Atlanta - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Atlanta (ATL)United States Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Atlanta Cabin classes: $1,633 First Class flights to Las Vegas $1,754 Business Class flights to Las Vegas $878 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas $90 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $75Flights from Atlanta to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $75Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Honolulu Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Atlanta. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Las Vegas from Atlanta. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.