Cheap Flights from Seattle to Manila from $358 | (SEA - MNL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SEA - MNL Find cheap flights from Seattle to Manila from $358 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/27. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Manila These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Manila. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Manila. How much is the cheapest flight from Seattle to Manila?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Seattle to Manila that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:05 pm - 11:55 amSEA-MNL 24h 50m2 stops 1:10 pm - 2:31 pmMNL-SEA 41h 21m2 stops $945Air Canada Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Sun, Jan 21 6:40 pm - 10:20 pmSEA-MNL 35h 40m1 stop 5:00 am - 4:30 pmMNL-SEA 26h 30m1 stop $949Turkish Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Tue, Apr 16 12:50 pm - 10:30 pmSEA-MNL 17h 40m1 stop 12:05 pm - 12:00 pmMNL-SEA 14h 55m1 stop $980Asiana Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 21 - Mon, Mar 18 12:50 pm - 10:30 pmSEA-MNL 17h 40m1 stop 12:05 pm - 12:00 pmMNL-SEA 14h 55m1 stop $1,015Asiana Airlines Find Deal Mon, Feb 26 - Mon, Mar 25 4:15 pm - 11:45 amSEA-MNL 27h 30m2 stops 3:40 am - 12:16 pmMNL-SEA 24h 36m2 stops $1,087EVA Air Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Sun, Feb 11 9:20 am - 5:50 pmSEA-MNL 40h 30m2 stops 3:40 am - 7:14 pmMNL-SEA 31h 34m2 stops $1,094EVA Air Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Wed, Feb 7 10:10 am - 11:25 pmSEA-MNL 21h 15m1 stop 12:55 am - 9:55 amMNL-SEA 24h 00m1 stop $1,096Korean Air Find Deal Wed, Feb 21 - Wed, Mar 20 6:00 am - 11:25 pmSEA-MNL 25h 25m2 stops 11:20 pm - 9:55 amMNL-SEA 25h 35m1 stop $1,101Korean Air Find Deal Wed, Feb 21 - Mon, Mar 18 8:55 pm - 5:45 pmSEA-MNL 52h 50m2 stops 7:30 pm - 7:15 amMNL-SEA 27h 45m1 stop $1,194Singapore Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Mon, Feb 12 8:55 pm - 5:45 pmSEA-MNL 52h 50m2 stops 7:35 pm - 8:45 amMNL-SEA 28h 10m1 stop $1,220Singapore Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Fri, Apr 19 Show more results Flights from Seattle to Manila - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Seattle to Manila to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Seattle to Manila? The average price of all flights from Seattle to Manila clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Seattle to Manila, look for departures on Wednesdays and avoid leaving on a Saturday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Manila, Friday is the cheapest day to fly and Saturday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Seattle to Manila? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Seattle to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Seattle to Manila is September, where tickets cost $956 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,655 and $1,552 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Seattle to Manila? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Seattle to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Seattle to Manila, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 90 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Seattle to Manila? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Seattle to Manila were found on Air Canada ($945) and Turkish Airlines ($949). Singapore Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $358. How long does a flight from Seattle to Manila take? There are no direct flights for this route. The shortest travel duration to get to Manila from Seattle is 17h 30m. Good to know Low season August High season December Cheapest flight $358 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 3% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 33% increase in price. Flight from Seattle to Manila When to book flights from Seattle to Manila Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Seattle to Manila based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Seattle to Manila What is there to do at the airport in Seattle as I await my flight? Sea-Tac Airport has invested in live music performances and artistic offerings to enhance its travelers’ experience. Travelers can feast their eyes on artworks like Yellow Fog by Sam Gilliam between Concourse A and Checkpoint 2 and Cascadia by Cable Griffith in Concourse C. Alternatively, you could kill time by strolling at the airport’s half-mile Art Walk. Does MNL offer services for people with special needs? If you or someone you are tagging with requires extra assistance navigating MNL, the airline hub has embraced adapted features and services. MNL is wheelchair-accessible with lifts, low-hanging telephones, ramps, and washrooms with special facilities. Be sure to notify your airline of any special requests while booking. Where are the pet relief stations at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA)? SEA welcomes Fido. If you are flying with your furry companion to Manila, you will find three pet relief stations within the hub and two outside the main terminal. The inside pet relief spots are at Concourse B, South Satellite, and North Satellite. What are public transportation options from Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL)? Getting to downtown Manila and the neighboring areas is a breeze as buses, car rentals, taxis, and the metro rail serve MNL. Buses depart from NAIA Terminal 3 to the city center via City Bus Route 2. You could also combine a bus with the metro; bus line 18 connects the airline hub to the EDSA-Taft Metro Station. Taxis are also available at the exits of all terminals, and it is recommended that you pick only the metered or pre-booked taxis. What eco-friendly airlines ply this route? Roughly 14,475 lbs of carbon are released on trips from Seattle to Manila, with one-stop flights being eco-friendlier than double-stop trips. Environmentally-friendly travelers should consider booking flights with the eco-friendliest carriers plying this route, Japan Airlines and ANA, which release 53% and 52% less carbon, respectively. Where can I find a serene place to spend some time at MNL? MNL has set aside several areas for prayer and meditation. Christian chapels are on Level 4-West Wing, Terminal 1, and Mezzanine Level of North Head House, Terminal 3. Muslim prayer rooms are on the Ground Floor-South Wing, Terminal 3. What is parking like at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? SEA offers an on-site parking garage that offers the most convenient airport parking for your budget and needs. With over 12,100 parking spaces available, the Seattle airport (Sea-Tac) offers passengers a variety of affordable short-term and long-term parking options. The airport has a pre-booking option that allows you to book your parking in advance. Accessible parking is available on the fourth and fifth floors of the airport parking garage. Is there a family-friendly hotel near Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? If you’d like to rest a few hours before your flight, there are a few hotels near SEA Airport to choose from. Most of these hotels have family-friendly facilities and offer a variety of complimentary services. Some of the closest options include Residence Inn Seattle Sea-Tac Airport, Aloft Seattle Sea-Tac Airport, and Wingate By Wyndham. Is there a nonstop flight from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport to Manila, Philippines? It is possible to fly non-stop from SEA Airport to Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL). Numerous airlines offer nonstop flights to and from Ninoy Aquino International Airport, which includes one-way and round-trip flights. Airlines like American Airlines, Singapore Airlines, Japan Airlines, ANA, and Air Canada all offer nonstop flights to MNL Airport. Where is the car-rental facility at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport? MNL has a car-rental facility located at its terminals. Four major rental-car companies offer services at the airport’s facility, but there are other nearby options outside the airport as well. The car-rental service can be found in Terminals 1, 2, and 3 of MNL Airport. Do I need a passport to fly between Seattle and Manila? A passport is required to fly from Seattle to Manila. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Seattle to Manila? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Seattle to Manila? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Seattle and Manila, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Manila from Seattle? Incheon is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Seattle to Manila. Which is the best airline for flights from Seattle to Manila, Korean Air or Japan Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Seattle to Manila are Korean Air and Japan Airlines. With an average price for the route of $1,127 and an overall rating of 8.7, Korean Air is the most popular choice. Japan Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,473 and an overall rating of 8.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Seattle to Manila? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Seattle to Manila. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Seattle to Manila? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Manila from Seattle is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Seattle to Manila? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Manila with an airline and back to Seattle with another airline. Booking your flights between Seattle and MNL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Seattle to Manila? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Manila from Seattle up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SEA to Manila Parents with tots can take them to the Kiddie Traveler’s Lounge in MNL’s Terminal 4, adjacent to Gate 5. It is open to toddlers under 10 and a great way to distract them while waiting for your pick-up. If you are looking to rejuvenate and freshen up after landing in Manila, Terminal 4 hosts the Passengers Lodging Facility on the 4th Floor, adjacent to Sampaguita Lounge. The facility boasts air-conditioned rooms with shower facilities. If you are cycling to the airport in Seattle, you are in luck. The airport boasts an on-site bike facility with complimentary tools and pumps so you can assemble and disassemble your bike without a hitch. Day storage and long-term storage are provided at the Artirum adjacent to door 4, baggage claim carousel 2, and baggage claim adjacent to Gates D and C’s exits. Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) is one of the largest passenger airports in the United States and is located a just few minutes from downtown Seattle. All international flights from SEA depart from the South Satellite Terminal. To move between the terminal and the concourses, travelers can use the Link Light Rail’s Blue Line train. Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) is one of two transnational airports in the Manila Metro area and the main international entry point to the Philippines. The airport is located along the border between Manila-area cities Paranaque and Pasay, about 3.4 miles south of Manila. For those looking for a quiet place to relax and grab a bite to eat before their flight, the lounges at SEA offer a cool environment to ease back in. The lounges are quiet and provide a relaxing atmosphere that’s ideal if you plan to enjoy a pre-flight meal, drinks, or other services to help you refresh. Seattle-Tacoma International Airport has five main checkpoints, including General, Premium, CLEAR, TSA PreCheck®, and an ADA-friendly screening. All checkpoints are open during daily hours of operation. You can access all gates at SEA from any checkpoint. To help anxious kids, Seattle-Tacoma International Airport has a Children’s Play Area located across from the Delta Sky Lounge between the A gates and the Central Terminal. The fun room features a new carpet and is packed with brightly colored activities for the children to engage with. In addition to the Children's Play Area, Seattle-Tacoma International Airport offers nursing rooms in the family restrooms. Each of these nursing rooms has a changing table. You can also find changing tables in other restrooms throughout the airport. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Seattle to Manila See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Seattle to Manila. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Seattle to Manila? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 89boarding 85entertainment 86comfort 84food 88overall 90crew Airline reviews I hope they never ran out of the menu choice one makes. They often do.Read more about Japan Airlines I hope they never ran out of the menu choice one makes. They often do. Pros: "Economy was surprisingly comfortable. Boarding and deplaning were very quick." Cons: "Not a ton of movies to choose from. Enough, but less than most domestic US flights." Pros: "The entertainment system, the leg room, the toilets with complimentary tooth brushes. JAL hit it out of the park." Cons: "Not one thing." Pros: "The cabin crew was excellent -- friendly, always helpful, energetic." Cons: "We requested a seafood special meal. The food quality was satisfactory, but most of the items tasted very bland. The accompanying dishes were unimaginative -- raw vegetables (salad), steamed vegetables, pickled vegetables. One exeption was a smoked salmon bit with capers -- this was the tastiest part among 8 meals over 4 flights." Cons: "Business class seats not very long if you are tall. Western meal option is not really very western. Crew is a little too efficient- got woken up 90 minutes before landing to clear the mattresses. Lots of announcements- a bit too much. On time, and quick to respond to requests. Sake was good as was the ramen." Pros: "Crew was attentive and informative of delays" Cons: "This was American Airlines .. my Bags came out late even though i was in Biz Class" Cons: "one crew member did not like her job, tossed the food to you, and was not pleasant like all the others." Pros: "The crew that checked me and those who were onboard were very helpful and cheerful." Cons: "Better choices of movies on board." Pros: "The crew always smiles and very accomodating." Cons: "The main course could have been better or improve. I wasn’t satisfied with the taste." Pros: "Crew was amazingly nice, friendly and very helpful..." Cons: "The 767 business class seat from Tokyo to Jakarta could be better. Movies and other entertainment needs more variety. Not enough movies..." Pros: "Well organized loading, courteous staff, great vegetarian food provided, liked the real metal silverware and glass wine glass on the SEA>ICN route." Cons: "My usb charger connection was too loose to charge" Pros: "Everything was great!" Cons: "Some announcements were only made in Korean. Would have been nice to have it in English for international flight." Pros: "Nice bathhroom size" Cons: "I dont like the 2x seating in business, seats are not up to what they should be, i was glad it was a short flight" Pros: "Great service, plenty of leg room, exceptional staff. Toilets refreshed often. Will def fly again." Cons: "More detailed online infor for kids food. Australian fried rice varies greatly from korean!!! Potato crisp packets of chips would be a good snack option for kids instead of prawn crackers / brownies. Kids like plain stuff!" Pros: "Flight attendants were the friendliest and most patient I have ever experienced. Great customer service!!!" Cons: "Seats of any airplane could use improvement on comfort. But comfort was good." Pros: "Flight attendants friendly and helpful." Cons: "My luggage was not put on my flight and I had to wait a day. Also the person next to me had a dog that died on the flight." Pros: "Flights are on time, Cabin attendants are nice and friendly , Food was great .My luggage came early . Everything is clean . I only have 1 hour lay over to transfer from my flight from Inchon to Nagoya it’s was fast . I will fly Korean air again in the future . Thanks for the safe flights ." Cons: "I didn’t like being seated in the middle of two guys in the isles . I arrived 3 hours before my flight I don’t have no choice . Hopefully they would assigned us seating at least not in the middle of two men I feel discomfort ." Cons: "Attendants were all business, no smiles. Movie selection was limited." Cons: "I would have given a 5 Stars for comfort if the cabin temperature is at least cooler not dry. Please please look into it." Cons: "Everything was going well until our bags didn’t show up at our final destination. Big no-no. Just ruined the otherwise pleasant experience" Cons: "Bigger seat, but compared to other experiences it was very good." Pros: "The crew was amazing. They were all very nice to us." Pros: "Everything was good but we were not able to select seats on the leg from Tokyo to Nagoya until arrive at check in and by that time all seats assigned and we could not be seated together and had to have middle seats. ANA needs to work this out..." Cons: "The sound for the entertain in seat 26G never worked....unsatisfactory for such a new aircraft “Dreamliner”, make it a dream." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "The seats were substantially more cramped than the other flight." Pros: "The staff of ANA took superb care of us from the moment we entered the airport (both SEA and NRT); kindness, excellent food (choose the seafood diet, the food is excellent and you get served first!) and helpful directions in English whenever we looked the slightest bit confused. I will always look to fly ANA going forward. oh, and comfortable economy seats; enough room (I am 6'2") and no numb bum." Cons: "Fellow passenger didn't stay in his space , would prefer flight attendant to inform kindly" Pros: "Economy seats were spacious and same size as Economy Plus seats of United. Clean. Crew was amazing, helpful and friendly." Cons: "Enjoy the free money, cause I didn't go on my flight. Work had me cancel my vacation a month ago. I tried to cancel, but it wouldn't let me. I tried cancelling through the insurance I purchased on it and they said they couldn't either (even though cancellation was covered in full)." Pros: "The crew were helpful and nice. It was comfortable." Cons: "The food was horrible. The movie selections were quite limited." Cons: "It was too hot in the plane. The plane lacked individual cooling control. We mentioned how warm it was to the flight attendant. It did cool down momentarily, but remained uncomfortably hot the remainder of the flight." Pros: "The crew was really nice. The plane was clean and comfortable." Pros: "Despite being a very late flight at 11 pm, the crew was courteous but not over the top, when all the passengers wanted to catch some sleep" Cons: "Lufthansa's short haul slim line seats become uncomfortable after 1.5 hours" Pros: "Crew" Cons: "Short and sweet. Flight left on time and landed about 15 mins early. Crew was wonderful" Pros: "As a frequent flyer, I have found out that the few dollars i spend more on SQ is well worth it" Pros: "Staff are great and on board service was good. Boarding is always well organised from Changi however it was a full flight and as always half the passengers exceeded their carry on allowance. Rather than addressing this bags were flung everywhere no nowhere within your actual reach during the flight. Very annoying when you are a passenger who does the right thing." Cons: "See above. No in flight entertainment makes you feel like you're flying with the low cost carrier rather than a full service airline." Pros: "With Singapore Airlines the service is always good I actually paid extra to fly them after three weeks in India" Cons: "Older plane with a fair amount of broken down details Plugs don’t all work, magazine pocket had rips, etc.... could be that they allocate resources to different markets" Pros: "Space in economy seat was good. Huge selection of movies. Food was tasty. On flights to Frankfurt, Singapore Airlines may want to keep more sparkling water in stock, as Europeans prefer this to still water." Cons: "There was a smell in the plane when I first arrived like vomit. It may have been the cleaning supplies." Pros: "USB and plug for every seat, reasonable leg space and leg rest, good food choice and very attentive crew." Cons: "No negative points" Pros: "Everything From the food to the drinks to the comfort" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "great crew service. my first time flying with singapore airlines and they delivered" Cons: "The food was terrible. Only one option and I didn't like it." Pros: "nothing" Cons: "airport personells are rude and lazy. airline seats are very unconfortable. flight attendants not very a comodating to seniors like me" Pros: "Despite the short flight, they still served a delicious meal! Great movie and music selections. Would definitely fly them again." Cons: "Baggage rules on itinerary didn’t match reality. Baggage 7kg was enforced, check in bags almost empty as documents & computers weigh a lot, and cant be trusted to “check-in”. If I had know we could check in four bags free it would have made a big difference. The itinerary says one each, plus one for Premier status, which adds up to three in our case. Not a happy camper. Will avoid EVA when there are other good choices. My wife had advised against EVA to begin with, check-in confirmed her advice. Crew didn’t come by much with water or juice, but they were courteous. Seat belt sign was put on when bumpy, but not turned off for the next hour or two of smooth sailing. “I told you so” was here reaction . . . ." Pros: "Excellent and responsive service from what must be the most attractive flight attendants on the planet. Seats even in basic economy are very comfortable with adequate legroom for my 250 lbs frame. Food is good with two choices and an option to customize online prior to the flight; and drinks are offered several times during the flight with numerous choices plus hot coffee and tea. Restrooms are cleaned several times during the flight and are stocked with amenities like toothbrush and paste, blindfold for sleeping, lotions etc." Cons: "Why is the flight to Asia so long? Maybe the pilot could step on the gas?" Pros: "Was quite nice for a two hour flight. They gave us a free meal again." Cons: "Nothing I didn't like." Pros: "I liked their services the most. All staff and crew were very courteous." Pros: "Great food, clean bathrooms, courteous and efficient service. It was my first time flying with EVA Air and I would definitely choose them again." Pros: "The fly attendants offer water and juice frequently like every 1-2 hours and also snacks 4 times during the flight. Meals taste good and inflight entertainment is good." Pros: "Flight attendants are very courteous and polite. Try to please everyone. They even clean bathrooms often. Food were great too." Japan Airlines8.7 Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 Book cheap flights from Seattle to Manila Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Seattle to Manila found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/27Tue 1 stopSingapore Airlines 36h 05mSEA-MNL $358 Search 2/20Tue 1 stop 28h 25mSEA-MNL $490 Search 2/19Mon 1 stopEVA Air 19h 35mSEA-MNL $703 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopEVA Air 30h 40mSEA-MNL $712 Search 2/28Wed 1 stopAsiana Airlines 17h 40mSEA-MNL $746 Search 2/4Sun 1 stopAsiana Airlines 17h 40mSEA-MNL $763 Search 1/8Mon 2 stopsANA 30h 40mSEA-MNL $786 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopANA 30h 00mSEA-MNL $790 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopKorean Air 32h 40mSEA-MNL $811 Search 12/20Wed 1 stopKorean Air 32h 05mSEA-MNL $1,520 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSingapore AirlinesEVA AirAsiana AirlinesANAKorean Air Search by price$490 or less$710 or less$760 or less$790 or less$1,520 or less Last minute flights from Seattle to Manila Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Seattle to Manila that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopEVA Air 30h 40mSEA-MNL 12/6Wed multi-stopEVA Air 30h 30mMNL-SEA $1,176 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopEVA Air 30h 40mSEA-MNL 12/4Mon multi-stopEVA Air 30h 30mMNL-SEA $1,194 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 29h 10mSEA-MNL 12/7Thu multi-stopCathay Pacific 25h 49mMNL-SEA $1,343 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 33h 10mSEA-MNL 12/9Sat multi-stopCathay Pacific 33h 13mMNL-SEA $1,360 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAsiana Airlines 29h 45mSEA-MNL 12/5Tue multi-stopAsiana Airlines 27h 10mMNL-SEA $1,385 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopKorean Air 32h 05mSEA-MNL 12/5Tue multi-stopKorean Air 25h 35mMNL-SEA $1,386 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopKorean Air 37h 05mSEA-MNL 12/5Tue multi-stopKorean Air 25h 35mMNL-SEA $1,393 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAsiana Airlines 17h 40mSEA-MNL 12/9Sat multi-stopAsiana Airlines 14h 55mMNL-SEA $1,412 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopANA 38h 35mSEA-MNL 1/16Tue multi-stopANA 19h 25mMNL-SEA $1,485 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopANA 30h 05mSEA-MNL 12/11Mon multi-stopANA 19h 51mMNL-SEA $1,498 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineEVA AirCathay PacificAsiana AirlinesKorean AirANA Search by price$1,190 or less$1,360 or less$1,390 or less$1,410 or less$1,500 or less Seattle - Manila Flights Departure: Seattle (SEA)United States Destination: Manila (MNL)Philippines Return flight deals: Manila - Seattle Cabin classes: First Class flights to Manila Business Class flights to Manila Prem Econ Class flights to Manila Economy Class flights to Manila Browse origins: Flights » United States » Washington » Seattle $857Flights from Seattle to Manila Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Philippines » Manila $808Flights to Manila, Manila Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Ontario Flights to Honolulu Flights to San Diego Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Manila flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Manila from Seattle. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Manila from Seattle. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.