Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat from $217 | (LAX - BCN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - BCN Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat from $217 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 4/16. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Barcelona-El Prat These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Barcelona. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Barcelona. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:55 pm - 3:40 pmLAX-BCN 11h 45mnonstop 1:00 pm - 5:10 pmBCN-LAX 13h 10mnonstop $416Vueling Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Tue, Jan 30 6:55 pm - 3:40 pmLAX-BCN 11h 45mnonstop 1:00 pm - 5:10 pmBCN-LAX 13h 10mnonstop $420Vueling Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Tue, Feb 20 8:15 pm - 4:00 pmLAX-BCN 11h 45mnonstop 1:20 pm - 6:30 pmBCN-LAX 13h 10mnonstop $560Iberia Find Deal Tue, Mar 19 - Tue, Mar 26 6:25 pm - 9:20 pmLAX-BCN 17h 55m1 stop 9:15 am - 4:40 pmBCN-LAX 16h 25m1 stop $562Iberia Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Fri, Jan 26 3:25 pm - 4:20 pmLAX-BCN 15h 55m1 stop 1:00 pm - 5:10 pmBCN-LAX 13h 10mnonstop $596American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 30 3:25 pm - 2:45 pmLAX-BCN 14h 20m1 stop 1:30 pm - 9:46 pmBCN-LAX 17h 16m1 stop $606British Airways Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Tue, Feb 27 8:05 pm - 4:50 pmLAX-BCN 11h 45mnonstop 9:00 pm - 1:25 pmBCN-LAX 25h 25m1 stop $613British Airways Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Mon, Jan 22 6:35 pm - 5:00 pmLAX-BCN 13h 25m1 stop 9:15 am - 7:15 pmBCN-LAX 19h 00m1 stop $621Delta Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Fri, Jan 19 10:20 am - 2:00 pmLAX-BCN 18h 40m2 stops 9:15 am - 6:20 pmBCN-LAX 18h 05m1 stop $625Delta Find Deal Sun, Feb 4 - Tue, Feb 13 6:33 am - 7:10 amLAX-BCN 15h 37m1 stop 1:00 pm - 5:10 pmBCN-LAX 13h 10mnonstop $647American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Sun, Feb 25 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat Airport is February, where tickets cost $503 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,388 and $1,344 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, you should book around 2 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 20 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Barcelona from Los Angeles were found on Vueling ($288) and Scandinavian Airlines ($321), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Vueling ($416) and Scandinavian Airlines ($513). Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat Airport. There is just one airline that flies from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat Airport direct and that is Iberia. The best one-way deal found from Iberia for the route is $540. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and Barcelona-El Prat Airport per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Los Angeles and lands in Barcelona-El Prat Airport, with an average flight time of 11h 45m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 2 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to Barcelona take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Barcelona from Los Angeles is typically 11h 45m. The journey crosses a distance of 6,007 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to Barcelona? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 6:55 pm and will be landing in Barcelona-El Prat Airport at 3:40 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to Barcelona? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat Airport jets off at 8:05 pm and lands at 4:50 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $217 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 36% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 60% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Barcelona When to book flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat flights Which airlines offer eco-friendly flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona? KLM, Air France, British Airways, and Iberia fly some of the most sustainable flights to Barcelona from Los Angeles. They offer nonstop, one-stop, and two-stop flights on this route, and emit about 36%, 28%, 26%, and 20% less CO2 than most of their counterparts. What are the layover options for Los Angeles to Barcelona flights? Most airlines flying to Barcelona from LAX have one or two stops en route. The layover options for Los Angeles to Barcelona flights vary depending on your airline. If you're flying out with American Airlines or JetBlue Airways, expect stops in New York or Chicago. Air France has a stop at Roissy-Charles de Gaulle in Paris. Other common stops are Atlanta, Rome, Toronto, and London. Are there any animal relief areas at Los Angeles International Airport? Yes, about 11 pet relief areas are available at LAX, eight in the indoor areas and another three in the outdoor areas. The latter are Pre-security on the Lower Levels of Arrivals, in the outdoor atriums in Terminals 3 and 6. Post-security, you will find the animal relief areas near Gate 13 in Terminal 1, Gate 21 in Terminal 2, and Gate 52B in Terminal 5. What are the accessible services offered at Barcelona Airport? BCN provides special zones called Meeting Points for special needs passengers traveling through the airport. They offer special services to passengers with disabilities, including assistance when checking into the airport and wheelchair services. Additionally, you will be offered help in getting off the plane, handling your luggage, and transport to a Meeting Point within BCN. Where can I get a bite to eat in the International Terminal of Los Angeles International Airport? 800 Degrees Pizza is an Italian restaurant that is in the Dining Terrace of the International Terminal of Los Angeles International Airport, while Umami Burger is located nearby and sells a variety of cheeseburgers and sandwiches. The Border Grill can also be found in the Dining Terrace and has a traditional American menu. Are there any facilities for families in Los Angeles International Airport? If you are a nursing mother, you can use one of the breastfeeding rooms that are placed in each terminal of Los Angeles International Airport. You can access them for free by using the Mamava app; inside, you will find a changing table, comfortable benches, a sink, USB ports, and outlets. Are there any shops in Barcelona–El Prat Airport? If you want to get a headstart on your souvenir shopping, go to some of the different stores in Barcelona–El Prat Airport. Barcelona Duty Free can be found in Terminals 1 and 2, and they offer clothing, accessories, liquor, and electronics. Calzedonia-Intimissimi is in Terminal 1 and is known for selling affordable clothing. What are good hotels near Barcelona–El Prat Airport? The ibis Budget Aeropuerto Barcelona Viladecans is an affordable option that is a 10m drive from Barcelona–El Prat Airport and a 20m drive from Casa Batlló. To stay somewhere stylish, pick the 4-star Sallés Hotel Ciutat del Prat, which is a 12m drive from the airport and only a 9m walk from the El Prat De Llobregat train station. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and Barcelona? A passport is required to fly from Los Angeles to Barcelona. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to Barcelona? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to Barcelona flight route: Iberia, Vueling, Breeze Airways, Finnair, United Airlines, PSA Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Lufthansa, and American Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to Barcelona? The Airbus A330-200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to Barcelona flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between Los Angeles and Barcelona. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to Barcelona? You can catch a nonstop flight from Los Angeles to Barcelona on Tuesday, Thursday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona, Delta or Lufthansa? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona are Delta and Lufthansa. With an average price for the route of $1,000 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Lufthansa is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,045 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Barcelona? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Barcelona from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Barcelona with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and BCN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Barcelona? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Barcelona from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to Barcelona-El Prat Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $315 or less one-way and $533 or less round-trip. Use the ATMs at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) if you need cash before flying out. Bank of America runs an ATM in the Arrivals Area of Terminal 7. ICE Currency Exchange has kiosks in the Arrivals and Departures in Terminals 2, 5, and 6. In Terminals 3 and 7, they are in the Departures area. In the Tom Bradley International Terminal, you will find the kiosks in the South and North Entrance of the Departures Hall. Barcelona El Prat Josep Tarradellas Airport (BCN) is an international hub with two passenger terminals. The airport's shuttle buses offer free transit between Terminals 1 and 2 or from 2A to 2C. You can find the shuttle stops outside the terminals, meaning you must go through customs and immigration. Alternatively, you can walk between 2A to 2C without leaving the Boarding zones. Renfe operates trains that offer transit from BCN to the city center. It also runs to other cities in Catalonia. Visit the Renfe Station in Terminal 2 to get your ticket. You can also use the Aerobus that departs every five minutes, and the trip takes about 35 minutes. Get your Aerobus tickets at the ATMs in Terminals 1 and 2. Alternatively, you can buy them online. If you want your kids to unwind on arrival at BCN, take them to the Children's Play areas at the airport. They are near Gate Y in Terminal 2 and P3 and P1 in Terminal 1. Getting around BCN with a child is easy, thanks to the airport's luggage trollies which have child seats. You can request the trollies at the Information Desks in the Boarding Area S in Terminals 2 and 1. In you’re interested in nonstop flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona, Norwegian Airlines is a popular company to book with, as their prices are known for being affordable. For flights that have layovers, Air France and American Airlines are good choices, as they provide free checked suitcases and meals. If you would like to unwind before embarking on a long day of traveling, pay a visit to the Be Relax spa that is in Terminal 1 of Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). In addition to standard manicures and pedicures, this spa also offers massages, facials, and waxing. To look your best during your flight, stop by Marvin’s Shoe Shine in either Terminal 1, 4, or 7 of Los Angeles International Airport. All cleanings are complimentary no matter what type of shoes you are wearing, and employees work for tips. Hoping to pass through immigration as quickly as possible after your flight from Los Angeles to Barcelona has landed? Consider purchasing a Fast Lane pass for Barcelona–El Prat Airport (BCN). These passes will allow you to wait in your own separate line for immigration and customs, cutting the time of the entire process in half. If you are going to Barcelona for work, consider hosting your meeting or workshop in the Business Center, which can be found in Terminal 1 of Barcelona–El Prat Airport. This center contains desks, projectors, a professional sound system, outlets, and high-speed Internet, making it a convenient place to work. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat Search Flights Tuesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +4 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +4 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +4 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Barcelona-El Prat to Los Angeles Search Flights Tuesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +4 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +4 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +4 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to Barcelona. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82boarding 78comfort 79food 86crew 77entertainment 82overall Airline reviews Cons: "Swiss perfect as always, Barcelona ground worker disaster, as always...."Read more about SWISS Cons: "Swiss perfect as always, Barcelona ground worker disaster, as always...." Pros: "Entertainment" Cons: "I requested a vegan vegetarian meal and did not get it. I had to do with the regular meal which had a lot of dairy products to which I am allergic to. The space between rows of seats. It was really crammed in Economy and we are a petite thin family!" Cons: "Nada, I slept through this leg and the staff let me be." Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "The seats had such little cushion that it made the flight extremely uncomfortable." Cons: "We were packed like sardines! My flight made me want to retire from traveling!" Pros: "The crew was really great and helpful" Cons: "Only thing that could have been better was ginger ale." Cons: "The plane was SO hot and stuffy. It was an overnight flight, so they passed out blankets—but it was so hot no one used them. The air was stale, to the point of feeling claustrophobic." Pros: "Good entertainment options" Cons: "two of the three phone charge ports were not working I think the passenger seating areas may not have been deep cleaned" Pros: "Hospitality was wonderful. The food and drinks were great and the constant entertainment made the 10+ hour flight bearable." Cons: "The seats are comfortable but there is definitely not enough leg room especially if you are sitting in the middle seat. There should be some type of incentive given if you get stuck sitting between two complete strangers." Pros: "The food was decent and on board entertainment was pretty good." Cons: "The boarding experience was terrible. We bought new lightweight International sized carry-on bags for our family of four and packed extremely light to keep each of bags under the 8 kg weight limit for carry-on bags. The crew required us to check them anyway! So incredibly annoying." Pros: "The seats were very comfortable even though legroom was limited in the basic cabin." Cons: "Delta delayed the flight from LAX to SLC, which subsequently made me miss the connecting flight from SLC to ORD. Completely unacceptable" Pros: "Overall, flight was great." Cons: "The couple next to me were a little on the plus size. A little tight for my flight. But I was ok" Pros: "I did not like nothing" Cons: "Custom took for ever they only had 2 agents working and I Missed my fight to nyc" Cons: "Sat on the runway for over an hour to get the gate. Unacceptable." Cons: "The flight from. JFK to Barcelona was delayed as well. Their computers were down in Atlanta. So everyone had to have their name hand typed into a computer when boarding. Then the pilot said that our bags are usually weighed and computerized for even distribution on the plane. That system was also down, so we sat on the runway waiting for that problem to be fixed. When we arrived at Barcelona, I unpacked and discovered a jacket and pants in my luggage were wet. The only place that could have happened was at JfK during their rain storm and the luggage weight issue." Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Pros: "The attendant was most helpful. Because the flight was not full, she allowed us to sit in the exit row, window and aisle, with no one between. I'm a tall person, so the extra leg room was deeply appreciated. I give her and the airline high marks." Pros: "The crew members were very friendly" Cons: "Coach seats still a little too small. Always bump the person next to me" Cons: "Due to the earthquakes, the film festival I was going to was cancelled. Ten days prior to the flight I called AeroMexico to cancel and they said there would be a cancellation penalty, which was fine. When I tried to redeem my credit, they said there was also an additional "No-show fee" even though I called to cancel 10 days prior, which left a total of $70 credit after all their penalties. I called and emailed to complain but they did nothing but pass me to someone else who was equally unhelpful. I will never fly AeroMexico for any reason in the future." Cons: "I think it makes a huge difference when the crew says something comforting before or during turbulence instead of just “buckle seat belts” it’s so simple yet goes so far is soothing anxiety but we got “BUCKLE SEAT BELTS” like wow" Pros: "decent comfort on board" Cons: "both flights delayed, some rude crew, and Avianca lost my luggage when I got to Medellin" Pros: "Great crew, organized, smooth flight, the team was awesome with my kids on our red eye, which made for such a better trip." Cons: "No breakfast in the AM. I didn't mind because I wanted the time to sleep anyway, but we got there early" Pros: "The movie selection for children and adults was fine. The peach juice was good too." Cons: "The food was absolutely the most disgusting plane food I’ve had. I mean, airplane meals aren’t ever really that great but this was particularly foul. Also they should really stock the seat pockets with the nausea bags especially with all the turbulence over the Andes." Pros: "The crew was accommodating" Cons: "The seats were uncomfortable and they changed my flight 3 times" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Having to leave airport after waiting hours for a repair" Pros: "Great service gave my brother all the attention he needed" Pros: "The plane and it was in time. I could sleep" Pros: "Pretty much on time. Entertainment options were great. Clean enough." Cons: "Food was not very good. Extremely salty. Our family of 4 did not eat much of it." Cons: "A rating of one start is too much for this airline. Avianca caused me to miss my flight in LAX, refused to help me reach my ultimate destination for which I paid them hundreds of dollars to do, nor did they offer to credit my losses for which they were responsible. Customer Service was as useless as the individuals in person that I dealt with. I never made it to my destination because I was forced to return home to San Francisco, unable to see my wife-to-be in Brasil. I will never fly with this airline again." I requested wheel chair assistance , it was confirmed via email that inwoood get it but I didn’t get it . The last leg of my trip to Nigeria was the worst. Pros: "Crew was great, on time flight, clean plane." Cons: "Entertainments options were shockingly few. Honestly have not been on a plane recently with so few and limited options of TV series and movies. I was extremely surprised. Wish I had know and I would’ve had more options for my family." Pros: "Decent price for economy comfort seat, 4A." Cons: "The flight was delayed about 80 minutes and they did not informed until when I got to the Airport. I could have stayed more at home instead of the terminal. They have also changed the boarding gate.." Cons: "I paid for the preferred seat .and i found that people beside me didnt pay anything when i asked them ," Cons: "Seats in economy section are very close together . There is not enough room for knees...especially for such a long trip." Pros: "KLM STAFF WERE VERY PROFESSIONAL" Cons: "SOME CREW MEMBERS WERE ABIT RUDE. THEY NEED TO WORK ON THEIR ATTITUDE" Pros: "economy plus seats were nice, great movie selection, especially international movies" Cons: "crew was not friendly, i had to ask for water many times, usually water person walk the aisle. food was terrible. other carriers food were better" Pros: "Food and service" Cons: "Working wifi would be good. Better A/C. More comfortable seats" Pros: "The seat was a little uncomfortable but the crew were amazing." Pros: "The crew was attentive and the seat at economy comfort was comfortable at the “ok” level. It needs much mor3 to be super comfortable. The plug for the headphones was a mess! It was NOT possible to watch a movie and hear the sound too! I gave up! Not a great offering for the extra dollars..." Cons: "So many things! Starting with the way assistance in the airport is offered to travellers with mobility issues! This is an important issue that needs to be revisited and changes for better service to be made!" Pros: "The bus was one of the most comfortable international flights I have ever been on." Cons: "Somehow, our luggage never made it to Rome, despite a nearly four hour layover in Munich. Disappointing." Pros: "Amazing service, the crew the seat was comfortable, the meals exceed my expectations, the movie selection, everything was awesome." Cons: "Can't think of anything.." Pros: "Better food than on flights I've been on originating in Germany." Cons: "The flight was delayed several times and we were kept waiting at the gate without knowing when exactly we will leave." Pros: "Excellent service!!!" Cons: "Really nothing negative to share... just a little uncomfortable in economy class." Pros: "Great movie choices . Flight on time, comfortable. No turbulence, smooth." Cons: "I did not like the food … I’m allergic to dairy so I can’t have cheese or cream in pasta or milk in polenta with beef stew. So there wasn’t anything for me to eat. Plus the crew should tell you what kind of pasta you’re getting! I got the pasta but I didn’t know it was filled with cheese and cream but by the time they came back to me I told them that I can’t have this they didn’t have anymore left of anything so I didn’t have anything to eat. And the breakfast the next day was awful. And by the way I saw that the crew had a really good meal. I should be able to pick up meal ahead of time… When you’re booking. It was a long day with no hot meal." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Not making my connection due to plane delay, poor boarding processes, long Lufthansa lines, and slow customer service. Couldn't make my connecting flight or the flight after that because they were over booked. Then was sent to Brussels with a 4 hour layover, and missed my Saturday interview at 4 pm. Then the Brussels Airlines flight was delayed. Never again." Pros: "The cheese sandwich was good." Cons: "Flight left late. Airport employees weren't helpful. The plane was hot." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Having to wait 3 hours to catch the next plane. Also Frankfurt airport takes too long to get from one place to another- it’s a maze and there are too many slow checkpoints for connecting flights." Pros: "The flight attendants were very nice and friendly. I enjoyed the flight, mostly because of them." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 KLM7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to Barcelona found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 4/16Tue 1 stop 16h 20mLAX-BCN $217 Search 1/10Wed 1 stop 17h 45mLAX-BCN $231 Search 4/3Wed 1 stop 16h 20mLAX-BCN $248 Search 2/22Thu nonstopVueling 11h 45mLAX-BCN $288 Search 12/31Sun nonstopVueling 11h 45mLAX-BCN $293 Search 3/4Mon 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 18h 20mLAX-BCN $321 Search 5/13Mon 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 17h 25mLAX-BCN $340 Search 1/14Sun nonstopIberia 11h 45mLAX-BCN $398 Search 2/18Sun nonstopIberia 11h 45mLAX-BCN $399 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopSWISS 14h 55mLAX-BCN $400 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineVuelingScandinavian AirlinesIberiaSWISS Search by price$230 or less$290 or less$320 or less$400 or less$400 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopVueling 11h 45mLAX-BCN 12/10Sun nonstopVueling 13h 10mBCN-LAX $522 Search 12/5Tue nonstopIberia 11h 45mLAX-BCN 12/10Sun nonstopIberia 13h 10mBCN-LAX $525 Search 12/5Tue nonstopVueling 11h 45mLAX-BCN 12/10Sun nonstopVueling 13h 10mBCN-LAX $529 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopIberia 13h 55mLAX-BCN 12/6Wed multi-stopIberia 16h 25mBCN-LAX $567 Search 12/5Tue nonstopLEVEL 11h 45mLAX-BCN 12/12Tue nonstopLEVEL 13h 10mBCN-LAX $575 Search 12/3Sun nonstopLEVEL 11h 45mLAX-BCN 12/5Tue nonstopLEVEL 13h 10mBCN-LAX $789 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 24h 38mLAX-BCN 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 18h 10mBCN-LAX $1,151 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 24h 38mLAX-BCN 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 33h 48mBCN-LAX $1,169 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 16h 00mLAX-BCN 12/12Tue nonstopBritish Airways 13h 10mBCN-LAX $2,915 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopBritish Airways 16h 40mLAX-BCN 12/5Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 30h 50mBCN-LAX $4,166 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineVuelingIberiaLEVELAmerican AirlinesBritish Airways Search by price$530 or less$570 or less$790 or less$1,170 or less$4,170 or less Los Angeles - Barcelona Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: Barcelona-El Prat (BCN)Spain Return flight deals: Barcelona-El Prat - Los Angeles Cabin classes: $2,241 First Class flights to Barcelona Business Class flights to Barcelona $1,063 Prem Econ Class flights to Barcelona $439 Economy Class flights to Barcelona Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $352Flights from Los Angeles to Barcelona-El Prat Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Spain » Barcelona-El Prat $352Flights to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, Barcelona Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Barcelona-El Prat flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Barcelona-El Prat from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Barcelona-El Prat from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.