Cheap Flights from Newark Airport to Florida from $29 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Florida from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/24. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Florida ...and more Latest Florida Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULAROrlando From Newark 1 stop from $83 Search Flights Miami From Newark Nonstop from $55 Search Flights Fort Lauderdale From Newark 1 stop from $70 Search Flights Tampa From Newark 1 stop from $77 Search Flights Fort Myers From Newark 1 stop from $89 Search Flights Jacksonville From Newark Nonstop from $158 Search Flights Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 29% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 6% increase in price. Flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami FAQs - booking Florida flights Which Florida airport is closest to Catty Shack Ranch Wildlife Sanctuary? In case you want to visit the Catty Shack Ranch Wildlife Sanctuary. If that's the case, Jacksonville International Airport (JAX) in Florida is where you should touch down. Landing at this airport is in your best interest since it is only 11 km (7.1 miles) from the refuge. Are there nursing rooms at Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR)? You'll be glad to know that EWR has nursing rooms where you may change your baby or discretely nurse if you're traveling to Florida with a young child. These nurseries are dispersed across the airport and may be found in Terminal A between gates 10 and 18, between gates 30 and 39, after security, at gate 47 in Building 1 and Building 2, and close to gate 66 in Building 3. How can I go from Orlando International Airport (MCO) to downtown Florida? How quickly you want to get there or how much you are ready to pay will significantly impact the mode of transportation you choose if you want to travel to downtown Florida from MCO. If you're on a budget, you should take a bus. On the other hand, if you need to get somewhere quickly, rent a car from the airport's on-site agencies, which are situated on Terminals A and B's Ground Transportation Level (Level 1). Where can I get some sleep before my flight? If you'd want to relax before your journey, you’ll be glad to know that EWR airport has an American Airlines Admirals Club, The Club at MCO (Terminal B), and a United Club at Terminal B. Unfortunately, you must either pay at the door or have membership rights to enter these lounges. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Florida? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Florida. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Florida? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Florida from Newark Liberty Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Florida? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Florida with an airline and back to Newark Liberty Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Florida? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Florida from Newark Liberty Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Florida Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Newark Liberty Airport to the following destinations at these prices or less: Fort Lauderdale $101 one-way - $163 round-trip; Orlando $99 one-way - $163 round-trip; Miami $114 one-way - $177 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be March and April. The cheapest month to fly from Newark is September. Morning departure is around 8% cheaper than an evening flight, on average*. Several airports, including Melbourne Orlando International Airport (MLL), Jacksonville International Airport (JAX), Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL), and Orlando International Airport (MCO), are available for landing in Florida. Make airline reservations that would put you closer to your destination if you are traveling to Florida for its attractions. For example, Orlando International Airport would be the best option if you want to travel to Melbourne. If you’d like to get to Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) from the city center, you can take a bus, get on the Air Train, or take a taxi. It is less expensive and easier to go to the airport from the city center by taking the Air Train. In contrast, taking a taxi is the best option if you want to arrive at the airport quickly. Airlines that fly from New Jersey to Florida are prepared to help passengers with limited mobility. Considering this, getting in touch with the airport at least 48 hours before your travel is crucial to make the required arrangements if you need assistance while on the flight. There are various information desks at the Baggage Claim level of each terminal if you need assistance with any information about your travel at EWR. They are open from 5:00 am to 11:00 pm and will ensure you receive any assistance you require. You will fly to Florida from EWR. This airport connects the New Jersey cities of Elizabeth in Union County with Newark in Essex County. Many airlines, including United, American, Delta, Air Canada, TAP Portugal, and Swiss International Air Lines, frequently use it. As a result, your options are endless. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Newark to FloridaNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Newark to Florida? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.6 Singapore AirlinesOverall score based on 3982 reviews 83food 87overall 89crew 85comfort 86entertainment 88boarding Airline reviews Well, I didn’t like much. The staff didn’t have any beverages except for coffee and water and they never came by. The food just sucked. There was no entertainment at all.Read more about Singapore Airlines Well, I didn’t like much. The staff didn’t have any beverages except for coffee and water and they never came by. The food just sucked. There was no entertainment at all. Cons: "I have encountered missing documents before departure in Singapore to KL. The check in crews very helpful, their knowledge to assist me boarding smoothly. My appreciation towards all crews who have helped me this morning ( SQ106) Big THANK YOU to you ALL." Cons: "The seat covers looked worn and dirty. Needs an upgrade." Pros: "Staff was great as usual" Cons: "Many entertainment monitors including my row of seats were stuck for a while. The “please fasten your seatbelt” was on the screen and made the monitor unusable for the first 1hr of the flight" Pros: "The crew Were exceptional ." Cons: "If The seat recline could go down a bit more innpremium economy, that would be perfect" Cons: "Entertainment including games such as backgammon, black Jack, and poker are not available although they are on every other airline I used with high quality game programs that are clos to live games" Pros: "Crew were very good. Cabin was also much better than Qantas premium economy cabin." Cons: "Had premium economy seat. Not the most comfortable on the tailbone for some reason." Cons: "Cramped seats, no leg room, horrible food, stupid COLD snack!" Pros: "Everything was excellent, and we even arrived 30 minutes earlier than scheduled..... super." Cons: "no problems" Pros: "My neighbor" Cons: "Fight war delayed and we got a security check upon arrival" Pros: "The seats were great and the crew was also good." Cons: "The sound system at the seat I was assigned was not operational." Pros: "Snacks and new interior on A320" Cons: "Almost 4 hour delay and no Wi-Fi. When I complained to JetBlue I received a pathetic $15 credit." Pros: "Crew was amazing flight was fast and seats are comfy" Pros: "Jet blue has better leg space than many other domestic flights I have taken. It was very comfortable" Pros: "Crew was very polite and accommodating" Cons: "Flight was delayed 4 times. We had to cancel other reservations and wasted a day traveling instead of a quick 4 hr plane ride." Pros: "Loved the variety of food offered, amount of legroom" Cons: "Was awake, just completely skipped over by attendant for drinks" Pros: "Nothing! The flight was delayed until 10:34pm and still we did not board the plane at that time. Then when we finally board the plane a crew member Dan told me my luggage was to big which it was not, and when we landed in Puerto Rico I had to wait so long to get my luggage from the carousel." Pros: "The flight was great, the crew was also great. We landed a half hour early which was even better! JetBlue has always been my favorite airline." Cons: "Everything was good. The staff were amazing. The flight was pretty smooth." Cons: "No movies or entertainment to watch during the hard trip." Pros: "the crew was amazing. Seats needs to be more comfortable." Cons: "seat needs to be more comfortable." Pros: "Crew and pilot were great." Cons: "The plane was absolutely PACKED during the peak of a global pandemic. Completely irresponsible to not have people spaced out by at least one seat." Pros: "Nothing. It’s a terrible airline. Seriously, don’t book with them unless you’re desperate or you want to have an anxiety attack." Cons: "American isn’t my preferred airline for obvious reasons (delays, notoriously bad service, old planes, and a lack of amenities like WiFi and tv’s), but now I’ll never spend my money with them again. They took me off an already delayed flight after I’d already boarded to examine my smart bag. I know that lithium batteries can’t be taken in the underbelly of the plane and I knew my bag would likely be checked at the gate (why I removed the battery and left it at home in the first place). When they asked me if I had a lithium battery in my bag I said “no.” They then gate checked the bag and allowed me on the plane. After everyone had been boarded (half an hour after we’d been scheduled to take off) they then called my name out on the speaker. I had to then de-board the plane and re-explain to staff that there was no lithium battery in my bag. The staff didn’t believe me citing the infallible logic: “there are ports so there’s a battery.” I told them again and again that the battery had been removed and the charging ports—while there—were inert as they weren’t attached to the battery. STILL, I had to remove all of my clothes from the bag, and open every single compartment (of which there were many) for them to allow me to get back onto the plane. They were telling me that they might have to “rebook the flight” if my bag couldn’t get on. I don’t think I need to explain how agitated/terrified that made me." Cons: "I was annoyed when I was told I would have to check my carry on because there was no more room in the overhead compartments. Then as I was walking down the aisle to get to my seat I saw a lot of room in the overheads." Pros: "More space in these seats than in other flights I’ve taken" Pros: "Flight left on time. Pilot had a sense of humor." Cons: "Entertainment seemed canned" Pros: "I like that I made it home alive." Cons: "Everything about Departing and arriving was a Poor experience. I might not be using this particular airline again. 4 Airlines now on my list of do not use." Pros: "nothing" Cons: "Flight crew was an hour late to the flight, whereas customers were waiting for far longer than that." Cons: "In 2 weeks, my husband and I had 4 flights with American and none of them went as planned. We endured flight cancellation, incomplete rebooking with another airline, rude customer service agents, multiple flight delays as well as multiple day lost luggage. Finally, it cost $2K more to get to my destination. Obviously not flying American again." Cons: "Left Newark 2 hours late which mean missing connections in Chicago by 20 minutes. From that point on American was inept in getting me to MSP." Pros: "Got there safely." Cons: "The seats are miserable small and uncomfortable. More options for snacks for the cost of the ticket!!!" Cons: "Boarding was delayed due to crew unavailability. Entertainment did not work due to connectivity issued during flight. No cookies nor snacks were served vs outbound flight where they offered 3 snacks!" Pros: "Very organized" Cons: "No issues, I found value for the amount I paid for my flight" Pros: "Everything was fine, I would probably take the flight again but nothing was above average" Cons: "Boarding could have been more organized" Cons: "I was in business class and was terrible The airplane too old , so expensive for that? Can’t believe it..." Pros: "Almost everything was great!" Cons: "The internet service barely worked and I will be seeking a refund" Pros: "Departure from Newark was delayed but the man at the desk, an entertaining guy, kept us informed." Cons: "Boarding by group is ridiculous. Should be back of the plane people after kids & wheelchairs. One small bag of pretzels & a cup of drink. JetBlue gives many choices of snacks & whole can of drink. DirecTv - $7.99, JetBlue is free. We were a party of 3 that picked our seats to be together. Got to the airport & our seats were split up by desk clerk & she didn't even inform us of seat assignment change. She also put 2 of us in the Exit row without informing us. Did not know we were assigned to Exit row until we boarded. Our overhead bins were full with other passengers carryons. This should not be. Why can't passengers use their own overhead bins. Stewardess would not help us, she said find a spot up front, if not you'll have to check carryons. Terrible." Cons: "Plane was supposed to depart at 5:30 did not depart until around 7:20!!! Had to sit on plane for almost 2 hrs!! We were NOT OFFERED anything to drink Not even water!! Jet Blue would NEVER be neglectful, they are very service oriented. Plane was full & 2 babies on board one was fussy crying at times. It was s nightmare!! I was exhausted from traveling to NYC & Philly! & the delay & lack of service was AWFUL!! Could not watch TV, bc It either connects to phone, I could not connect it or I think you had to pay! Unheard of!!!I love to watch CNN, MSNBC & Fox it makes the time fly!! Hopefully will Never have to fly United Again" Pros: "It was nice to get free wine on the flight. Had I know what I was about to endure I likely would have had more. Honestly. I am uncertain how you can stay in business." Cons: "The temperature in the cabin was way too cold and the excuse of a blanket is really insulting to be warm enough to sleep. The video screen was tiny and grainy. Every time the PA system was used it buzzed so whatever was being said wasn't comprehend-able. The biggest complaint was the seating room. I understand that you want to get people into more legroom seats but honestly there should be a regulation for the inhumane way you treated those of us that did not ante up more! I thought I alone have these opinions but once you get me back home, you loose my business forever. I will take my Transatlantic flights every six weeks elsewhere." Pros: "I did not receive credit from Spirit Airlines for the reason of Covid-19" Cons: "Better seats, entertainment, keep travelers updated to a landing time" Pros: "The crew was ok. There wasn't much to offer by way of amenities, but were accommodating." Cons: "They have their own random process of checking in, boarding etc. If you try to interact with a person in any way they charge you for it. That's not how it works for other airlines, and their communications isn't particularly clear about this so charges are surprising" Pros: "Crew were customer friendly despite 3 hour delay before boarding and 3 hour wait at gate for deicing" Cons: "Cancelled flight... conditions did not warrant the need to get flight out in middlenof winter storm" Cons: "The seats were very uncomfortable and there was very little space." Cons: "I did leave my freezer Ziploc bag of medication in the front seat pocket of my seat, called spirit and Mccarran airport in Las Vegas and said no one turned in the medication. Told me to call Chicago because that’s where the plane went after leaving Las Vegas, I called Chicago but have not gotten an answer back if it was turned in there. It’s my heart medication and my blood thinner which is very expensive and a couple of costume jewelry necklaces. I wish someone could help me locate this medication, it’s very expensive." Pros: "Happy that I finally got there" Cons: "Flight 525 to Fort Lauderdale originally scheduled for Monday, Aug 13. When we were about to leave the house we received an email -delay til 5:25, Moments after 6:10, and finally an hour later flight canceled. After a few calls to Spirit customer service, we were offered to be booked for a flight at 8:25. In the process of the conversation, the line was dropped off, minutes later I called again and the agent said that all tickets sold out and first available Wednesday 08/15 at 6;30 am. I had nothing but to agree. I continue to call customer service and after spending on calls hours and hours, I got lucky and booked at the same 525 Flight 24 hours later. Arrived two hours before departure, and got informed that the flight late one hour, then two and a half hours, then 4 hours..... Finally, we took off at 9; 45. From the moment we arrived at the gate 41 and 45minutes before departure no representative was present at the gate. I'm a person with a disability and was trapped in a wheelchair for hours and no one informed about any updates. Hours without water, food and most important information. Thanks to Kayak and Spirit app I got updates on my phone." Cons: "The staff was rude and not sensitive to people’s needs" Pros: "Spirit is a nickle and dime operation, with very uncomfortable seating" Singapore Airlines8.6 JetBlue8.1 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Newark to Florida Recent one-way flight deals 1/24Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 16mEWR-MIA $29 Search 1/24Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 16mEWR-MIA $30 Search 1/31Wed nonstopJetBlue 2h 57mEWR-TPA $59 Search 3/12Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 12mEWR-MIA $64 Search 1/14Sun nonstopJetBlue 2h 56mEWR-TPA $69 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopDelta 4h 53mEWR-RSW $69 Search 2/21Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 22mEWR-RSW $77 Search 1/3Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 09mEWR-TPA $78 Search 12/13Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 31mEWR-JAX $79 Search 3/19Tue 1 stopDelta 5h 43mEWR-FLL $79 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$60 or less$70 or less$80 or less$80 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 1/9Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 14mEWR-MIA 1/10Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 07mMIA-EWR $55 Search 2/3Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 14mEWR-MIA 2/6Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 07mMIA-EWR $59 Search 1/31Wed nonstopJetBlue 3h 09mEWR-RSW 2/7Wed nonstopJetBlue 2h 51mRSW-EWR $118 Search 1/24Wed nonstopJetBlue 2h 57mEWR-TPA 1/30Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 38mTPA-EWR $118 Search 1/19Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 12mEWR-RSW 1/22Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 00mRSW-EWR $138 Search 1/5Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 09mEWR-TPA 1/7Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 48mTPA-EWR $147 Search 2/9Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 46mEWR-RSW 2/12Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 36mRSW-EWR $154 Search 1/16Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 49mEWR-PBI 1/30Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 35mPBI-EWR $154 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopDelta 5h 08mEWR-PBI 1/16Tue 1 stopDelta 6h 41mPBI-EWR $157 Search 1/18Thu 1 stopDelta 4h 40mEWR-JAX 1/19Fri 1 stopDelta 4h 31mJAX-EWR $177 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$60 or less$120 or less$150 or less$150 or less$180 or less Last minute flights from Newark to Florida Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 6h 39mEWR-FLL 12/18Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 42mFLL-EWR $102 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 17mEWR-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 6h 49mFLL-EWR $103 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 10mEWR-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopJetBlue 3h 04mMIA-EWR $172 Search 12/4Mon nonstopJetBlue 2h 55mEWR-PBI 12/7Thu nonstopJetBlue 2h 54mPBI-EWR $178 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 7h 48mEWR-MIA 12/6Wed multi-stopDelta 7h 46mMIA-EWR $199 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 20mEWR-PBI 12/7Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 15mPBI-EWR $210 Search 12/2Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 14mEWR-MIA 1/4Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 09mMIA-EWR $227 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 15mEWR-MIA 12/8Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 07mMIA-EWR $228 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 09mEWR-MIA 12/8Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 10mMIA-EWR $235 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 7h 19mEWR-FLL 12/13Wed multi-stopDelta 4h 56mFLL-EWR $239 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$100 or less$180 or less$210 or less$230 or less$240 or less Newark Liberty Airport - Florida Flights Departure: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Return flight deals: Florida - Newark Liberty Airport Cabin classes: $504 First Class flights to Florida $588 Business Class flights to Florida $333 Prem Econ Class flights to Florida $74 Economy Class flights to Florida Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport $59Flights from Newark Airport to Florida Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida $174Flights to Daytona Beach, Florida $59Flights to Florida Keys, Florida $74Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Florida $115Flights to Fort Myers, Florida $197Flights to Gainesville, Florida $175Flights to Jacksonville, Florida $207Flights to Key West, Florida $197Flights to Melbourne, Florida, Florida $59Flights to Miami, Florida $4,581Flights to Naples, Florida, Florida $92Flights to Orlando, Florida $237Flights to Panama City, Florida, Florida $159Flights to Pensacola, Florida $194Flights to Sarasota, Florida $345Flights to Tallahassee, Florida $100Flights to Tampa, Florida $187Flights to Tampa, Florida $153Flights to Valparaiso, Florida, Florida $138Flights to West Palm Beach, Florida View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Florida flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Florida from Newark Liberty Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Florida from Newark Liberty Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.