Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi from $419 | (LAX - DEL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - DEL Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi from $419 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/14. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to New Delhi These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to New Delhi. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to New Delhi. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to New Delhi?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:50 pm - 10:20 amLAX-DEL 26h 00m1 stop 3:30 am - 7:45 pmDEL-LAX 28h 45m1 stop $790Delta Find Deal Mon, Mar 18 - Wed, Apr 24 7:00 pm - 10:20 amLAX-DEL 25h 50m1 stop 5:55 am - 6:35 pmDEL-LAX 26h 10m1 stop $791Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Wed, Jan 24 11:44 am - 1:15 amLAX-DEL 25h 01m2 stops 3:30 am - 1:30 pmDEL-LAX 22h 30m1 stop $794Delta Find Deal Tue, Apr 2 - Mon, Apr 22 6:40 pm - 5:15 amLAX-DEL 21h 05m1 stop 6:20 am - 4:55 pmDEL-LAX 23h 05m1 stop $847Turkish Airlines Find Deal Sun, Feb 25 - Thu, Apr 11 1:45 pm - 5:15 amLAX-DEL 27h 00m1 stop 6:55 am - 5:45 pmDEL-LAX 23h 20m1 stop $882Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Mar 20 - Wed, Mar 27 3:15 pm - 2:00 amLAX-DEL 21h 15m1 stop 10:10 pm - 7:25 amDEL-LAX 21h 45m1 stop $956Qatar Airways Find Deal Sun, Dec 31 - Wed, Apr 17 1:20 pm - 2:00 amLAX-DEL 23h 10m1 stop 3:25 am - 7:25 amDEL-LAX 40h 30m1 stop $977Qatar Airways Find Deal Sun, Dec 31 - Tue, Apr 16 3:35 pm - 2:40 amLAX-DEL 21h 35m1 stop 4:15 pm - 12:45 pmDEL-LAX 34h 00m1 stop $1,008Emirates Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Tue, Mar 5 3:35 pm - 9:00 amLAX-DEL 27h 55m1 stop 9:25 pm - 12:45 pmDEL-LAX 28h 50m1 stop $1,009Emirates Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Feb 6 2:20 pm - 5:40 amLAX-DEL 26h 50m2 stops 9:00 am - 9:40 pmDEL-LAX 25h 10m1 stop $1,044Singapore Airlines Find Deal Mon, Apr 29 - Mon, May 20 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to New Delhi? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to New Delhi on a Monday and more expensive on a Friday. On your return trip to Los Angeles, you should consider flying back on a Sunday, and avoid Saturdays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to New Delhi? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi is September, where tickets cost $984 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,851 and $1,612 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to New Delhi? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to New Delhi, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 90 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on SAUDIA ($441) and Singapore Airlines ($564). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Delta ($790) and United Airlines ($802). How long does a flight from Los Angeles to New Delhi take? There are no direct flights for this route. The shortest travel duration to get to New Delhi from Los Angeles is 20h 20m. Good to know Low season August High season December Cheapest flight $419 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 9% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 47% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to New Delhi When to book flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to New Delhi based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi How do I get from Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL) to The Red Fort? The distance between Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL) and The Red Fort is about 12 miles. The Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) bus provides the best option to move between the two points, with the bus arriving at Dhaula Kuan. The bus departs at a 15min interval, completing the journey in about 14min. Are there any services for passengers with limited mobility at the DEL upon their arrival? Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL) has a Special Assistance Program where the airport and the airlines collaborate to offer aid to disabled passengers arriving from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). The dedicated staff guides the affected travelers through the terminals to their exits. Still, there are elevators to facilitate easy movement of those in wheelchairs. Is there a luggage store at Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL)? Travelers can keep their luggage at DEL without worry, and access it any time, 24/7. You’ll find the storage service at the Metro station building as you head towards Terminal 3, level 2. Are there currency exchange bureaus at Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL)? If you’ve just landed from LAX and feel that you need to change your dollars into Indian rupees, there are several currency exchange counters at your disposal. These facilities are located pre-customs and post-customs in Terminal 3’s arrival section. What is the quickest way from Indira Gandhi International Airport to central New Delhi? Taking the metro is one of the quicker and simpler ways of getting from the airport to the city center. The metro is accessible from both Terminals 1 and 3, with the Magenta and Orange Lines both connecting the airport to the city center. Taxis and ride sharing apps like Uber are also popular and quick ways to get into the city. Are there onsite hotels at Indira Gandhi International Airport? Yes; in fact, travelers have two hotel options to choose from in the airport. The Holiday Inn Express New Delhi International Airport in Terminal 3 offers travelers the full hotel experience from right within the airport -- they even have free Wi-Fi and a complimentary breakfast. There is also Sam’s Snooze At My Space, which is a sleeping pod service located in Terminal 3. Can I fly from Los Angeles to New Delhi non-stop? There are no direct flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi available. However, many airlines such as Cathay Pacific, China Southern Airlines, and Air Canada all offer one-stop flights to New Delhi with layovers in cities like Guangzhou, Hong Kong, and Vancouver. Which terminal has the most dining options at Indira Gandhi International Airport? Terminal 3, the international terminal, is certainly one of the top spots for finding dining options in Indira Gandhi International Airport. The terminal features a wide array of both Indian and international cuisines. Popular restaurant options include Cafe Delhi Heights, Street Food by Punjab Grill, and The Irish House. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and New Delhi? A passport is required to fly from Los Angeles to New Delhi. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to New Delhi? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi? SkyTeam, Star Alliance, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and New Delhi, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to New Delhi from Los Angeles? Doha is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Los Angeles to New Delhi. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi, Singapore Airlines or Emirates? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi are Singapore Airlines and Emirates. With an average price for the route of $1,190 and an overall rating of 8.6, Singapore Airlines is the most popular choice. Emirates is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,277 and an overall rating of 8.3. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to New Delhi? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to New Delhi from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to New Delhi with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and DEL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to New Delhi? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to New Delhi from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to New Delhi If you’ll be flying Air India from Los Angeles to New York, you will be glad to know that the airline’s hub is at the Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL). Air India uses Terminal 3 at Delhi Airport, and its Air India Maharajah Lounge is located at the same terminal. Any traveler can access the lounge at a reduced cost. Passengers on this carrier enjoy priority clearance upon arrival at the Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL) under the fast lane program. Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) is situated close to several hotels, ideal for anyone with an early morning flight. Concerned travelers should plan to pass a night at any of such facilities and avoid the morning rush to catch their flight. Holiday Inn Express Los Angeles - Lax Airport is a charming hotel close by. First time travelers through Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) will be happy to know that the facility has numerous comfortable lounges operated by various carriers, among them Star Alliance Lounge, Qantas International First Class Lounge and United Club Lounge. Members and holders of respective cards have unrestricted access. Still, anyone can access them by paying for a day pass. Connecting from downtown Los Angeles to Los Angeles International Airport is easy as there are various transportation options commuting between the two points. Nevertheless, FlyAway bus offers the most convenient means. The bus terminal is located at Woodley Avenue in Van Nuys, and the bus runs daily, covering the distance in about 35min. Arrive early for your flight at Los Angeles International Airport and spare some time to experience various attractions that dot this establishment. LAX Art Program ensures that the terminals have some creative flair for the travelers to enjoy. For instance, using Terminal 1 takes you on a journey of a variety of artistic disciplines, including painting, sculpture, and photography. Got an extra hour or two to spare before your flight out of Los Angeles International Airport? If you are a fan of unique views, then LAX’s Theme Building and Observation Deck in the Central Terminal is the place for you. The Theme Building and Observation Deck are open on the second weekend of each month from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Long flights such as flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi can make anyone restless, whether it is kids or adults. So, for families traveling with children, why not stop by Los Angeles International Airport’s “LAX Beach” play area to give the kids a chance to wear themselves out before their flight? Another play area option in LAX is the play area in the Alaska Lounge in Terminal 6. Arriving at Los Angeles International Airport via rental car? If so, you should take note that rental car agencies serving Los Angeles International Airport all provide their own separate shuttle services to the airport as they are located off-site. If you are looking to be pampered before or after your flight while you are in Indira Gandhi International Airport then perhaps a visit to the spa is in order. In Terminal 3, there is the O2 Spa which brings a Thai-Indian flare to the spa service, while in Terminal 1D there is the spa Heaven On Earth. There are plenty of lounges available in Indira Gandhi International Airport for travelers wanting to escape the crowds. Plaza Premium Lounges are open to all travelers and they feature a wide range of services and amenities, from showers and internet to snacks and beverages. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to New Delhi See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to New Delhi. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to New Delhi? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 89boarding 86comfort 85entertainment 90crew 88overall 84food Airline reviews Pros: "Just excellent. Excellent crew, excellent food, excellent aircraft, and excellent leg room. No recommendations."Read more about Japan Airlines Pros: "Just excellent. Excellent crew, excellent food, excellent aircraft, and excellent leg room. No recommendations." Pros: "The coach seats were larger than seats for domestic flights. The windows were dimmable for optimal lighting." Cons: "The armrests did not go up all the way, which made it difficult to maximize comfort with my travel partner." Pros: "Crew was attentive and informative of delays" Cons: "This was American Airlines .. my Bags came out late even though i was in Biz Class" Cons: "Very good airline except for the fact that the staff at Narita airport." Pros: "Crew was amazingly nice, friendly and very helpful..." Cons: "The 767 business class seat from Tokyo to Jakarta could be better. Movies and other entertainment needs more variety. Not enough movies..." Pros: "The window shades were so cool. Seat was small but fairly comfortable and I like the foot rest." Cons: "No vegetarian options on the main meal menu" Pros: "The flight attendants were very attentive and polite, seats are some of the most comfortable of any airline I've flown (particularly compared to the US domestics), entertainment is solid (although the English movie selection was not that large), and we were regularly offered food and drink if we were awake. I would definitely recommend JAL to others." Cons: "The food was not to my liking (i.e., all Japanese style, but not necessarily types that appeal more to Westerners) but it was palatable." Pros: "That I probably won’t have to deal with AA for a while." Cons: "The boarding process was a joke. No seat assignments until the last second. The front desk personnel would not help us with a seat assignment and said they were “working on it”. I sat down with my wife in the waiting area and observed the front desk personnel joking around with each other for the next 45 minutes before the flight. Very unprofessional and not helpful. Not a good way to represent your airline." Pros: "Food wasn’t bad and flight crew were polite Flight took off around the time intended. Boarded and deplaned passengers quickly" Cons: "Flight was too warm for 11hrs and I had to ask for temp to be reduced. Very stuffy Didn’t have sparkling water after 4hrs or ginger ale" Pros: "Lots of room in premium economy, good entertainment selection. Clean bathroom ! Excellent service. Food was mediocre." Pros: "Singapore Airlines has everything worked out for you before you land. That's a great help. The stewardesses were just phenomenal and endlessly polite. I will definitely use them again." Cons: "As much as I normally nitpick something, I literally have no criticism at all of Singapore Airlines. Everything they did was a step above everyone else." Cons: "Flight was a little warm but was able to get it cooler via help from crew but got warmer again towards the end of flight. Overall good flight though" Cons: "The lunch part at the end was a little late we had just had a snack and a small sandwich so we didn't eat a lot. But food was great!" Pros: "crew handled the tough crowd well, but were not extremely hospitable" Cons: "food was disgusting" Pros: "Flight was full but crew was attentive and very pleasant. Star Alliance Lounge at LAX had a good variety of food and drinks - Asian, western, small bites, snacks; red, white, bubbly and even a bartender who'll mix up cocktails. I love flying SQ." Cons: "For a premium economy service, it was really good." Pros: "The inflight entertainment was great, lots of movie selections" Cons: "The leg room was horrible. Honestly the worst space I've ever had in a flight. I was shocked considering Singapore air is considered one of the best airlines" Pros: "They treated you like you were important and really took care of my every need" Cons: "Getting on a cattle car to go to another terminal and then get in line again to go on the plane" Pros: "Crew was very friendly and responsive to my needs. They met it with a smile." Pros: "I loved everything! The plane was well maintained, the crew were friendly and attentive, the flight was comfortable even for such long hours. Food was also great! In flight entertainment had recent movies and shows, even international selections." Cons: "We stopped in Korea for two hours, that was not listed on my original itinerary. Then we were late to get to Singapore. My seat was very very small and I was seated next to two very large ppl." Pros: "Food is amazing, planes are good." Cons: "The boarding crew at the gate did not say anything while weighing the carry on bag. I was ask to go to another person who issued me check in baggage sticker and told me to hand over your baggage to a person inside. At last he mentioned to not put any valuables in that bag. My carry on bag was just 1lb extra and the first person could have told me right away and I would have thrown away chocolates and brought down the weight to permissible limit. In general passenger do carry valuable stuff in carry on bag. I had to follow whatever I was told." Pros: "The crew was nice" Cons: "Better food and cooked throughly and better seat and more blankets." Pros: "Crew was average food was below average service was below par. Emirates is slipping. Boarding and deboarding was the worst." Cons: "Lots to be improved. Crew food boarding on board service." Pros: "For an economy seat, was very comfortable!! Love the food." Pros: "My mom was very happy with food and specially the open seats." Pros: "Overall a decent flight." Cons: "Didn’t like the boarding experience. You have somebody look at the boarding pass but then they sent us to a waiting area. The waiting/boarding area didn’t have space to make nice lines fir boarding so it was pretty haphazardly organized. You really can do better." Pros: "Cleaningness" Cons: "Main problems at Dubai airport. Employee at the airport charged me money for the same luggage that Newark employees said it is according to air line rules. That shocked me. I didn’t buy anything from Dubai. I think it’s not right." Pros: "I liked everything! Excellent service. Great food, entertainment, and flight. Nothing went wrong. Thank you!" Pros: "Leg room and friendly staff" Cons: "Child’s meal does not have vegetarian option, this must be included as it makes not sense in not having this option." Pros: "Everything during the flight was lovely" Cons: "But what I really didn’t like was the service they provided at the checking desk in LAX, the staff was a kind of unfriendly. In my opinion they should provide an excellent customer service, but everything I noticed there was unsatisfactory, I love to fly with Emirates but such things will make everyone disappointed." Too many baby crying, customer and staff yelling at each other. Seat is too small and tight. Could not sleep at all for 16 hour flight ! Pros: "Great crew, excellent staff at the airport. Planes were nice and comfortable. Food was ok. They have an excellent price to quality ratio; you can often get great prices on some of the more popular destinations and the service is 5 stars." Cons: "Some alcoholic drinks" Pros: "Great crew, great customer service by phone, great food and entertainment." Cons: "Boarding and deplaning took ages, but don't they always?" Pros: "The portion for LAX to Doha was fairly comfortable and crew was helpful.. they kept running out of meal options by the time they reached us mid flight .. Doha to Bengaluru portion was less classy— the TV/ remotes etc didn’t work well and overall service not as good .." Cons: "Unorganized too shaky flight made me sick to stomach ,foods are not good service not good" Pros: "Crew was amazing and aircraft was clean and seats comfortable!" Cons: "I would like to have more air fresheners during the flight as there are some people who eat special food and it smells so bad in aircraft" Pros: "food ok, economy seats not too bad" Cons: "old entertainment system. Tight connection and first flight was late, so we got bumped off our connection (they literally removed our names from the flight, even though we could've sprinted through the airport and made it if they waived the 20 minute before departure gate closure). It was an exhausting and long wait for the next flight and I did not think it was well-handled. Staying in a hotel is not a great option, because it takes 2 hours to get out of the airport, another 2 hours cushion to get back in time." Pros: "I had a family emergency and couldn’t go. I wasn’t allowed to switch my flight or change it. Lots of money spent with nothing in return. Unfortunte." Pros: "Service basically. For such a long haul flight they did everything they could to make it comfortable." Cons: "They could have checked the bathrooms more often as trash bins were very full." Pros: "Excellent overall" Cons: "LAX boarding was chaotic I think they should announce First people with disabilities Then Business class After that board Economy class from last rows" Pros: "People were friendly. Flight was comfortable." Cons: "Staff incorrectly assessed documents needed for visas, and told us we were incomplete and needed to return home. Instead of looking up policy, we were denied boarding mid-flight, missed a wedding, and had to spend three days in London instead of our destination. Also, we got bug bites during the flight that turned out to be from bed bugs, which followed us home and caused much frustration for months." Cons: "The service on Virgin Australia is quite poor. They are barely around. The seats are also only mediocre" Cons: "We are a little hard of hearing. It was hard to hear the attendant when giving directions over the intercom. The speech was garbled and directions spoken too fast. I am not referring to the safety speech. Recommend slowing down so that we have more time to process what was spoken." Pros: "Excellent airline" Cons: "The business seats could have been wider. I have sat on business class other airlines and the seat was a bit wider but overall still great experience" Pros: "The crew were very attentive, they tried hard to help me with comfort, drinks etc. I didnt have food as it was so good in the Virgin Clubhouse!" Cons: "The bed! When you flip it flat its rock hard, and the matress they provide is useless! Need foam matress to really make it more comfotable. If the seat reclined another few inches i wouldnt bother flipping it." Pros: "Comfort, service food and entertainment. What more can you ask for." Cons: "Nothing. ]" Pros: "Smooth overall. Food mediocre but edible. (More than I could say for other airlnes.) Price also good." Cons: "Lots of flight schedules changes. Missed connecting flight as a result. No time left to deal with customs and baggage." Pros: "Super friendly and helpful crew, food etc was fantastic very enjoyable flight. Thank you" Pros: "The seats of the economy class are a little bit bigger than the rest of the airlines and are so much confortable to sleep." Cons: "The crew speaks to quick and the Australian accent is not always easy to understand" Cons: "Staff was not concerned about anything, vague and uncaring..this was my son flying across the Atlantic idiots!! One pissed mom!!!" Japan Airlines8.7 Singapore Airlines8.6 Emirates8.3 Qatar Airways8.2 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to New Delhi found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/14Sun 3 stops 48h 50mLAX-DEL $419 Search 1/20Sat 1 stopSAUDIA 23h 25mLAX-DEL $441 Search 1/14Sun 3 stops 45h 25mLAX-DEL $442 Search 2/1Thu 1 stopDelta 21h 25mLAX-DEL $605 Search 1/28Sun 1 stopDelta 21h 50mLAX-DEL $607 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopQatar Airways 27h 40mLAX-DEL $615 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopQatar Airways 23h 15mLAX-DEL $672 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopTurkish Airlines 27h 00mLAX-DEL $770 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopTurkish Airlines 27h 00mLAX-DEL $824 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopEmirates 21h 35mLAX-DEL $842 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSAUDIADeltaQatar AirwaysTurkish AirlinesEmirates Search by price$440 or less$610 or less$620 or less$770 or less$840 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 26h 50mLAX-DEL 12/17Sun multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 34h 40mDEL-LAX $1,054 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 23h 30mLAX-DEL 3/20Wed multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 35h 55mDEL-LAX $1,060 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 35h 35mLAX-DEL 12/13Wed multi-stopCathay Pacific 32h 55mDEL-LAX $1,093 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopEmirates 27h 50mLAX-DEL 2/12Mon multi-stopEmirates 28h 50mDEL-LAX $1,226 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopTurkish Airlines 21h 05mLAX-DEL 1/24Wed multi-stopTurkish Airlines 23h 20mDEL-LAX $1,227 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 25h 45mLAX-DEL 12/23Sat multi-stopDelta 30h 15mDEL-LAX $1,244 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopTurkish Airlines 21h 05mLAX-DEL 2/6Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 23h 20mDEL-LAX $1,262 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEmirates 33h 35mLAX-DEL 5/16Thu multi-stopEmirates 28h 55mDEL-LAX $1,265 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopQatar Airways 27h 40mLAX-DEL 3/19Tue multi-stopQatar Airways 33h 45mDEL-LAX $1,366 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopQatar Airways 34h 15mLAX-DEL 12/15Fri multi-stopQatar Airways 40h 50mDEL-LAX $1,384 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineVirgin AtlanticCathay PacificEmiratesTurkish AirlinesDeltaQatar Airways Search by price$1,060 or less$1,230 or less$1,240 or less$1,270 or less$1,380 or less Los Angeles - New Delhi Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: New Delhi (DEL)India Return flight deals: New Delhi - Los Angeles Cabin classes: First Class flights to New Delhi Business Class flights to New Delhi Prem Econ Class flights to New Delhi Economy Class flights to New Delhi Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $789Flights from Los Angeles to New Delhi Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » New Delhi $789Flights to New Delhi, New Delhi Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search New Delhi flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to New Delhi from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to New Delhi from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.