Cheap Flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale from $20 | (PHL - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW PHL - FLL Find cheap flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale from $20 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/19. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:51 pm - 1:55 amPHL-FLL 3h 04mnonstop 7:40 pm - 10:28 pmFLL-PHL 2h 48mnonstop $48Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Thu, Jan 11 5:05 am - 8:05 amPHL-FLL 3h 00mnonstop 6:20 am - 9:05 amFLL-PHL 2h 45mnonstop $49Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 20 7:23 pm - 10:26 pmPHL-FLL 3h 03mnonstop 7:40 pm - 10:28 pmFLL-PHL 2h 48mnonstop $50Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 4 - Thu, Jan 11 12:30 pm - 5:45 pmPHL-FLL 5h 15m1 stop 6:05 pm - 8:52 pmFLL-PHL 2h 47mnonstop $54Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Thu, Jan 11 10:51 pm - 1:55 amPHL-FLL 3h 04mnonstop 6:20 am - 9:05 amFLL-PHL 2h 45mnonstop $55Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Mon, Dec 18 10:51 pm - 1:55 amPHL-FLL 3h 04mnonstop 6:20 am - 9:05 amFLL-PHL 2h 45mnonstop $56Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Mon, Dec 18 1:10 pm - 4:11 pmPHL-FLL 3h 01mnonstop 2:10 pm - 4:58 pmFLL-PHL 2h 48mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Thu, Jan 18 1:10 pm - 4:11 pmPHL-FLL 3h 01mnonstop 6:15 am - 8:59 amFLL-PHL 2h 44mnonstop $59 Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Sat, Jan 13 1:10 pm - 4:11 pmPHL-FLL 3h 01mnonstop 5:11 pm - 8:01 pmFLL-PHL 2h 50mnonstop $60Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Sat, Jan 13 9:21 am - 12:12 pmPHL-FLL 2h 51mnonstop 1:12 pm - 3:58 pmFLL-PHL 2h 46mnonstop $61Frontier Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Wed, Dec 13 Show more results Flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? The average price of all flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Friday is the most expensive. Flying from Fort Lauderdale back to Philadelphia, the best deals are generally found on Saturday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale is September, where tickets cost $100 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and April, where the average cost of tickets is $253 and $246 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 13 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Spirit Airlines ($20) and Frontier ($29). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($48) and Frontier ($58). Which airlines fly non-stop between Philadelphia and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale. They are: American Airlines, Frontier and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $54 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Philadelphia and Fort Lauderdale per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 9 nonstop flights that take off from Philadelphia and land in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 2h 54m. The most common departure time is 5:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 36 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 25% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Philadelphia and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Fort Lauderdale from Philadelphia is typically 2h 50m. The journey crosses a distance of 994 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Philadelphia at 5:05 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 8:05 am. What’s the latest departure time from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 10:58 pm and lands at 2:02 am. Good to know Low season October High season March Cheapest flight $20 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 21% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 27% increase in price. Flight from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale What is the best way to get to PHL from downtown Philadelphia? Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) sits approximately 10 miles from downtown Philadelphia. AMTRAK train at the 30th Street Station provides the best way to commute between these two points, with a transfer via SEPTA City Train that stops at the airport. Alternatively, you can hop onto a Regional Rail Lines departing from behind CHOP’s Philadelphia Campus to PHL. This is a free service. Is there a prayer room at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport? If you’ve just landed at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport from Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) and are keen to thank the Almighty for a safe journey, PHL has a dedicated prayer room. Located at the south end of Terminal 3 away from the noisy terminals, this religious sanctuary serves all faiths. Are there car rentals at FLL? Multiple car rental agencies run their counters at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. Depending on your needs, you’re likely to get a car of your choice. Car rental desks are situated in the arrival halls of Terminals 1 and 2. Also, most of these companies have shuttles to transfer you to their pick-up garages. Nevertheless, it might be helpful to make advance booking to enjoy special rates. Is there a United Club at Fort Lauderdale International Airport (FLL)? Passengers aboard American Airlines from Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) to Fort Lauderdale International Airport (FLL) should bear in mind that the carrier features a lounge at this facility. It’s situated in Terminal 1, Airside, Mid Level, adjacent to Gate C1. Note that any travelers, irrespective of the airline they’re traveling in, can access these lounges after paying for a day’s pass. Does Philadelphia International Airport have any amenities for children? If you are a nursing mother, you can use one of the Minute Suites lactation rooms in Philadelphia International Airport for up to 30m for free. There is also a "Ready For Take-Off" play area that is located in Terminal A and features a variety of aviation-themed play equipment and activities. Where is there to eat at Philadelphia International Airport? In addition to having several different restaurants, Philadelphia International Airport also has a policy that requires vendors to sell their products at the same price as they are sold in the rest of the city. Aldo Lamberti Trattoria is a casual restaurant in Terminal C that offers traditional Italian food, while Bruegger's Bagels is in Terminal A and sells to-go sandwiches, salads, and soups. Can I use public transportation to get from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport to downtown? The BCT (Broward County Transit) local bus connects both Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport and the city center. To take this line, head to bus stop #7 near the airport’s rental car center and purchase a ticket directly on the bus for $2. Do any hotels offer a free shuttle to Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport? If you are interested in an affordable hotel, book a room at the Super 8 Dania, which offers a free shuttle to Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport and is an 8m drive from the John U. Lloyd Beach State Park. The Crowne Plaza is a modern choice that also has a shuttle and is less than 2 mi from the Broward County Convention Center. Do I need a passport to fly between Philadelphia and Fort Lauderdale? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale flight route: American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, Breeze Airways, British Airways, Aeromexico, and Alaska Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between Philadelphia and Fort Lauderdale. On which days can I fly direct from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? There are nonstop flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $327 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $394 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from Philadelphia is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to Philadelphia with another airline. Booking your flights between Philadelphia and FLL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from Philadelphia up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from PHL to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $58 or less one-way and $112 or less round-trip. Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) features several lounges run by different airlines. Among them are American Airlines - Admirals Club and The American Express Centurion Lounge. Normally, members and holders of registered cards get unrestricted access to these lounges. Still, travelers in Economy Class can access the lounges at a reduced cost. PHL caters to the needs of disabled travelers and persons with mobility limitations. You’ll get sighted guides, wheelchairs, and electric carts at your service. The airport, in collaboration with the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) program, offers agents to guide you through the security checkpoints and elevators and when boarding. The smallest of the passengers and their mothers have designated nursing and lactating rooms at Philadelphia International Airport (PHL). You can locate these amenities on the secure-side walkway near Terminals B and A-East. They also feature comfy seats, sinks, and electrical sockets for moms to pump and breastfeed with comfort. Suppose you have a scheduled departure early in the morning. In that case, consider sleeping in one of the many hotels adjacent to PHL. Normally, these facilities provide courtesy cars to and from the airport, ensuring that you’re at the terminal in time for departure. Sheraton Suites Philadelphia Airport is one such hotel. Are you looking to recharge your depleted wallet before taking off from PHL to Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL)? You won’t have a shortage of ATMs to choose from. There’s an ATM at gate 130 of Tom Bradley International Terminal. To secure one of the many nonstop flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale, look for tickets through either Spirit or American Airlines. If you don’t mind layovers and would like a seat with extra legroom, select an Economy Plus ticket from United Airlines. If you need to take care of some last-minute work before boarding your flight from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale, drop by the UPS Store in the Terminal A/B walkway of Philadelphia International Airport (PHL). The store provides guests with many services, including copy and fax machines, high-speed Internet, shipping, and workstations. To pass the time before your travels begin, browse through the different content that is offered in the Free Digital Library at Philadelphia International Airport. Once you sign up for a free online library card, you can download a variety of podcasts, books, and magazines, allowing you to read them in the airport and on your flight. Need to contact your hotel after your flight has landed? Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) has several courtesy phones that are located in its Arrivals terminal just near the baggage claim. These phones can contact all local numbers for free, and they can be used to connect with an operator. For travelers who would like to leave a bag or small personal item at the airport, go to the Public Baggage Storage desk in the baggage claim of Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. This desk is open from 9:00 am to 5:30 pm and can be found in Terminals 1-4. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Friday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to Philadelphia Search Flights Monday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Friday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 85boarding 79food 88crew 78entertainment 85overall 82comfort Airline reviews When arriving at PHL we had to wait almost an hour for the check-in desk to open, and when opened, it was slow due to the printers not printing the baggage tags. The staff was very nice and apologetic and did the best they could. We were told the check-in was not open until 2:30, but that information was not provided on any of the correspondence or boarding passes. This could be helpful for travelers. Due to a tight schedule we were boarded quickly, but the plane had not been cleaned well, leaving trash and crumbs from the previous flight. The staff was always professional and courteous, but appeared to be under stress. Overall the trip was as well as can be expected, but I do strongly suggest that check-in times be specified on confirmations and boarding passes to lessen frustration. I will fly Alaska Airlines again.Read more about Alaska Airlines When arriving at PHL we had to wait almost an hour for the check-in desk to open, and when opened, it was slow due to the printers not printing the baggage tags. The staff was very nice and apologetic and did the best they could. We were told the check-in was not open until 2:30, but that information was not provided on any of the correspondence or boarding passes. This could be helpful for travelers. Due to a tight schedule we were boarded quickly, but the plane had not been cleaned well, leaving trash and crumbs from the previous flight. The staff was always professional and courteous, but appeared to be under stress. Overall the trip was as well as can be expected, but I do strongly suggest that check-in times be specified on confirmations and boarding passes to lessen frustration. I will fly Alaska Airlines again. Pros: "Seats were very comfortable with good leg space. The onboard texting feature was amazing to keep in touch with family." Cons: "For a six hour long flight the food choice was not all that great. Some more sandwich/breakfast choice will be welcome." Pros: "Staff has been amazing from start to end. From check-in to onboard the plane, everyone was courteous and a delight! You’re a winner Alaska Airlines!!!!" Cons: "WiFi didn’t work on my laptop for movies. Otherwise, great flight!" Pros: "Even though I was in Group C, I was one of the first to board (Groups A, B, and C were called to board all at once). Since the gate agent said the flight was full and there would be limited space for carry-on bags, being one of the first on the plane was nice. The leg room (I'm 6'2") was good." Cons: "The crew only did one pass through the cabin with soft drinks. Perhaps because it was a red-eye? Anyway, on a nearly 5 hour flight, I would have liked more than one small cup of refreshment." Pros: "Had a TV w/ lots of free movie options, seats were comfy, plane was nice and clean, staff was very kind" Cons: "This is the best flight I’ve been on, would recommend anyone to Alaska Airlines" Cons: "Late departure as the crew arrived late. Late arrival causing me to miss a connection" Cons: "My flight was cancelled and instead of getting a cancellation notice, I received a “your flight has been updated” email which indicated that my flight was changed from Wednesday to Friday. Unacceptable!!!" Pros: "Plane was clean, spacious, entertainment system was great, lots of food offerings. Will fly this airline and aircraft again!" Pros: "Plane was new - excellent entertainment system w a lot of movies to choose from; very nice staff; departed early; arrived early; got our bags within minutes of getting off plane. Probably one of the best flight experiences we have had." Cons: "Nothing - everything was excellent! If there was something they could improve upon. It would be either improving the quality of the earphones or enable passengers to use their Bluetooth earphones." Pros: "The crew was nice" Cons: "Not be over an hour delay and make us switch gates and planes" Cons: "The flight was bumpy but I think the pilot did all he could" Pros: "Crew was kind and very helpful. Also, I found the seats to be comfortable and didn’t feel squished. There was plenty of leg room. Great experience overall. Thank you!" Cons: "Absolutely nothing! Was a fantastic experience!!!!" Pros: "Jet blue was on time and there's plenty of snacks" Pros: "Crew was nice and the flight was fine" Cons: "I was quite shocked that the seat I had originally been put in the head phone jack and The Wholearea where the channel changes was falling apart. I was able to switch seats due to flight being not full but that would be annoying. I also was weirded out that they did not ha e touch screens. In general the plane just seemed old and dirty to me." Pros: "Really enjoyed the leg room as well as the snack options on the flight!" Pros: "More leg room Affordable prices Snacks dunkin donut coffee Pleasant flight attendant Punctuality" Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "The airline had the flight delayed due to waiting for flight attendants. Very irresponsible of the crew and members, which weren’t working on the flight" Pros: "An overall very pleasant flight with great snack and beverage choices!" Pros: "Seat space, legroom, personal TV, free movies, free unlimited snacks" Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Pros: "The flight was average, but the quality of travel on Delta this year has been the worst I’ve ever seen. It’s average at best and I’m considering going back to American because I have yet to have a true Delta flight consistent with previous years, the whole reason I switched to Delta." Cons: "Everything" Cons: "Passengers should have the option to ask for additional snacks." Cons: "Had to collect & re check luggage between flights. Couldn't they have been transferred to the next aircraft?" Pros: "We had purchased economy tickets and got assigned seats that were not next to each other. As we were boarding the ticket person gave us a new seat assignment closer to the front and next to each other – we really appreciated and liked it. Makes me want to fly Delta again!" Pros: "chwcking in was very easy." Cons: "No in board beverages. On flight from RDU to PHL beverages were served." Cons: "we began the boarding process late, which can be understandable, although the plane was there pretty early. Once the boarding began, someone, I presume the gate agent, essentially gave a countdown to hhow many minutes were left until the flight could have an "on time departure". I travel nearly every week so I value being on time. However, a minute by minute call to hurry up on a flight that was sold out was over the top. There was mumbling among the passengers, to the point of someone joking "Free cookies and water if we make it on time?" Just a bad gate experience, but bad enough that peopoe were commenting, and I waited for someone from the cockpit to del\part so I could mention it to them." Cons: "I had a 4 hour layover in Minneapolis, there was another flight to Denver that I meant I could’ve been home three hours earlier had I done standby, but because I had a cheaper ticket I was not allowed that opportunity. That makes absolutely no sense to me seeing as my flight was packed. I’m sorry my flight saved me money" Pros: "Chairs was comfortable" Cons: "I had a kid kicking my chair the whole flight." Cons: "Friday when I supposed to depart at 7:21 am my flight was delayed to 6:00 pm and yesterday when I supposed to depart from New York at 7:21 pm my flight was delayed until 11:20 pm was horrible! I never again i would took Delta because I call a day before my departure to see if they would help me changing my flight by morning and they couldn’t they told me that i have to pay $300 dollars." Cons: "They cancelled two of my flights in one weekend. We will not use American Airlines again." Pros: "The flight was early to arrive. There was also a rather frightening bit of turbulence, and the pilot explained why it had occurred, which I found very reassuring." Cons: "The food was definitely below average. It's virtually all carbohydrates.Other airlines provide you with a printed description of the menu options, so it's easier to make a choice. "Chicken or pasta" doesn't give the passengers any idea of what they are actually choosing. This time the chicken dish was served with pearl couscous, so it was basically pasta as well. The salad I was given was brown and wilted, and while the cabin attendants were kind enough to give me two salad that were in better shape (after meal service), I just think that quality control should have prevented a inedible salad from being served in the first place. I am also extremely opposed to American Airlines Transatlantic luggage fees. Since I was moving abroad rather than taking a short trip, I was not pleased about paying 100 USD for a second bag on top of an already expensive flight." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "The delay and the seat comfort for purchasing the main cabin seats was not as expected." Cons: "I was so disappointed as soon as I walked into the plane. It was very old plane and very dated. There was no entertainment center. It was a long flight with nothing to do. :( I will never fly with American Airlines to Europe again)" Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Pros: "Landed early" Cons: "The seats were not as good as the ones on my BA flight to Heathrow and then Rome. Also, cross country flight but no in flight entertainment. Arrived early in PHL and American would not let me move up to an earlier PHL-SFO flight since it was a code share booked with BA. Should not be my fault as when booking it indicated all four of my flights were with BA. Once booked it indicated the return flights were code share with AA. American should have allowed me on the earlier flight. That would have opened a seat on the scheduled flight which had people waiting on standby." Pros: "I liked that food and entertainment was included without additional charges, even a glass of wine." Cons: "Not too comfortable to sleep in." Cons: "Attendant at the gate forced me to leave my troley hand bag to be checked with the excuse the fly was full and there was not sapce for people on groups 7 and 8 ( seats rear in te plane). I explained her I had personal documents and stuff inside my trolley but she told me I had to take another fly if I refused to checked. Our surprise was that the space above our seats ( row 30) was available and left empty the while fly! It was not fear and discriminated!" Cons: "After flying from Denver to Philly, I had anticipated an hour and a half layover. First email came speaking of a delay, then second, then about five emails later American Airlines notified me that there will be a 4 hour delay. To get from Philly to avoca on a flight is half an hour. On a bus, its two hours. If an airline knows there will be a four hour delay, how do you not provide that service? I watched plent of other flights go to AVP and even to Allentown, no one could offer one of those options to me? Cold, compressed and miserable experience." Pros: "Pretty good dinner and breakfast, complimentary wine" Cons: "Slow flaky entertainment system didn't work at all in some seats, needed multiple 10-minute reboots in other seats. I was unable to complete a 2 hour movie on a 9 hour flight. No internet." Cons: "The flight was delayed more than 4 hours. It was a bad experience with United." Pros: "Everything! The flight left on time and landed early. Service was great and the staff was super." Pros: "Landing safely." Cons: "Everything else. I flew from PHL to IAH and was very unhappy with the experience. The gate agents were unfriendly. The bag check agents downstairs were unfriendly. I had two separate phone calls with United a week prior to the flight to understand and confirm the bag policy. This was AFTER booking my flight so they knew upfront I bought a basic economy ticket. After my first call, I understood a personal item would be free and I would be able to pay for my carry on bag, but only within 24 hours prior to the flight. I made a second call to be absolutely sure the previous agent gave me the correct information and pricing. So I paid the $25 for my carry on, checked in online, and waited at the gate while boarding at the very end because I was basic economy. They did not let me board with my bag. They requested another $50 to check my carry on with them or I would be rebooked. I struggled to afford the flight, let alone the carry on fee I had paid in advance. I literally did not have the money, and even if I had the cash, they only accept plastic. What blew me away was they weren't asking me to check my carry on because of the size. But because of my basic economy ticket, aka, the N fare. Despite checking with two employees by phone after buying my ticket and paying for a carry on in advance, there is a rule in place that states "if you have purchased Basic Economy, you will only be allowed one personal item, unless you are a Premier member or a primary card member using a qualifying MileagePlus credit card." Therefore, there is no alternative. You are a second class citizen; a no good deplorable, when you buy this ticket and there is nothing you can do to upgrade it. Only the "premier" passengers have the right to bring a carry on aboard even if you think you're paying for the privelage. What I was expected to somehow understand after asking two United employees prior if I could purchase the right to bring a carry on bag aboard, was to CHECK my CARRY ON downstairs or learn the hard way. Wow. What a ruthless way to learn this lesson. I waited 7 more hours to board the next available flight. What a nightmare. I thought I had did the appropriate research necessary and planned in advance to avoid these situations. Checking in online and contacting customer service prior is no longer the convenience it used to be. Even if you've done your research, bring additional funds with you. Even if you check in online and have a digital boarding pass, always check in with a real human prior to entering the TSA security line. A side note, United is trying to save money while "speeding up" the process by forcing you to use a computer to hand over your checked luggage. Speaking with a human now is a monumental struggle." Pros: "Clean aircraft, swift flight" Cons: "Seat was changed to last row/middle seat (not what initially booked or confirmed with online check-in). Before takeoff, attendant moved all passengers in back row to alternate seats. Which meant that I was no longer traveling with my colleague. Unfortunately, that made our intended meeting time impossible." Pros: "Boarding was easy and there was plenty of overhead space for my carry on luggage" Cons: "Coach cabin was not spacious at all. Very little leg room and the aisles seemed very cramped. Also, the seats weren't particularly comfortable." Cons: "That I was charged for the flight again or they wouldn't let me on the plane" Pros: "The free inflight entertainment was very good." Cons: "I was very upset that the gate agent stated that the overhead bins were full and that I would need to check my carry on bag, which i did. However upon boarding the plane, there were multiple overhead bins that were actually empty. I do not appreciate being lied to by the gate agent and being forced to check my bag when there was plenty of overhead bin space available. Moreover, I waited for nearly 30 minutes for my then checked bag to come through the baggage carousel after deplaning. This is far too long to have to wait for a bag after a 5.5 hour flight, especially when it was a carry on bag I was forced to check despite there being ample room in the overhead bins. Very disappointing and unnecessary aggrevation. Additionally, there was some slight turbulence during the flight for which the captain turned on the seat belt sign and everyone was requested to return to their seats. A few minutes later there were still some people standing in the aisles waiting to use the restroom, at which point a female flight attendant came on the intercom and stated, "I will try to make this as simple as possible for you to understand..." She then carried on explaining in a very rude and sarcastic tone the safety reasoning behind asking the standing passengers to return to their seats. While her frustration with people not returning to their seats was understandable, her tone of voice and sarcastic demeanor was not professional, and quite unappreciated. My overall experience with United could have been much more pleasant but for these instances. I feel these couple of bad experiences could have been easily prevented which would have led to a much more enjoyable experience with United. Unfortunately, because of these things, I will think twice about flying with United in the future." Cons: "I paid for my luggage in advance and when I arrived at Philly airport it was not acknowledged" Pros: "Efficient" Cons: "Flight there was ok. I'm 6ft 3 and have some weight to me but I've never had a problem being able to fit in a seat before. Not even close! The Boeing 737 we rode on the way back home was THE most uncomfortable 3 hours ever. I saw other customers "getting up to go to the bathroom" to stretch and get out of these seats. They were so small, so cramped and the leg room is the worst I've ever had! Hey United, instead of upgrading your older planes to have tv's in all the head rests (which costs money anyways) why don't you retrofit them to have liveable if not comfortable seats/legroom. Absolutely terrible. Considering never flying United again after that flight. I thought longer flights usually get bigger planes with more slightly more comfortable sitting accommodations. Caved and got one of the food boxes....bleh. Just bleh. Supposed to have smoked gouda spread. Tasted like those pretzel and cheese snacks that you give your kids for lunch." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/19Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 00mPHL-FLL $20 Search 1/22Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 59mPHL-FLL $21 Search 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 51mPHL-FLL $29 Search 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 51mPHL-FLL $31 Search 3/26Tue 1 stopJetBlue 7h 02mPHL-FLL $92 Search 3/7Thu 1 stopJetBlue 7h 02mPHL-FLL $154 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopDelta 7h 57mPHL-FLL $183 Search 2/17Sat 1 stopDelta 6h 34mPHL-FLL $241 Search 12/7Thu 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 7h 04mPHL-FLL $245 Search 12/5Tue 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 8h 05mPHL-FLL $246 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierJetBlueDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$20 or less$30 or less$150 or less$240 or less$250 or less Last minute flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 51mPHL-FLL 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 46mFLL-PHL $68 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 51mPHL-FLL 12/12Tue multi-stopFrontier 6h 32mFLL-PHL $78 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 55mPHL-FLL 12/18Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 48mFLL-PHL $84 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 51mPHL-FLL 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 46mFLL-PHL $86 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 51mPHL-FLL 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 46mFLL-PHL $88 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 51mPHL-FLL 12/8Fri nonstopFrontier 2h 46mFLL-PHL $89 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 2h 50mPHL-FLL 12/13Wed nonstop 2h 46mFLL-PHL $90 Search 12/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 00mPHL-FLL 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 33mFLL-PHL $91 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 03mPHL-FLL 12/17Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 45mFLL-PHL $97 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 50mPHL-FLL 12/19Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 48mFLL-PHL $98 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit Airlines Search by price$80 or less$90 or less$90 or less$90 or less$100 or less Philadelphia - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: Philadelphia (PHL)United States Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - Philadelphia Cabin classes: $896 First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $852 Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $724 Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $54 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » United States » Pennsylvania » Philadelphia $40Flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $40Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Compare transportation modes for Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale Average price Average duration Flights $692 2h 51m Trains $270 27h 17m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Philadelphia. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from Philadelphia. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.