Cheap Flights from Ottawa to Cancun from C$ 130 | (YOW - CUN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YOW - CUN Find cheap flights from Ottawa to Cancun from C$ 130 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 8/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Cancun These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Cancún. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Cancún. How much is the cheapest flight from Ottawa to Cancún?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Ottawa to Cancún that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:45 p.m. - 5:40 p.m.YOW-CUN 4h 55mdirect 7:00 a.m. - 11:25 a.m.CUN-YOW 4h 25mdirect C$ 158Flair Airlines Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Thu, 1 Feb 6:00 a.m. - 10:55 a.m.YOW-CUN 4h 55mdirect 7:50 p.m. - 12:15 a.m.CUN-YOW 4h 25mdirect C$ 165Flair Airlines Find Deal Wed, 7 Feb - Thu, 15 Feb 6:30 p.m. - 11:30 p.m.YOW-CUN 5h 00mdirect 9:53 a.m. - 11:55 p.m.CUN-YOW 14h 02m1 stop C$ 228 Find Deal Mon, 11 Dec - Sun, 17 Dec 7:30 a.m. - 7:10 p.m.YOW-CUN 11h 40m1 stop 7:00 a.m. - 11:25 a.m.CUN-YOW 4h 25mdirect C$ 229 Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Thu, 1 Feb 2:44 p.m. - 5:20 p.m.YOW-CUN 26h 36m1 stop 8:15 a.m. - 5:04 p.m.CUN-YOW 8h 49m1 stop C$ 254United Airlines Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Tue, 30 Jan 6:04 a.m. - 2:10 p.m.YOW-CUN 8h 06m1 stop 5:45 p.m. - 5:04 p.m.CUN-YOW 23h 19m2 stops C$ 262United Airlines Find Deal Mon, 29 Jan - Mon, 5 Feb 7:30 a.m. - 6:10 p.m.YOW-CUN 11h 40m1 stop 10:55 a.m. - 3:50 p.m.CUN-YOW 27h 55m1 stop C$ 277Air Transat Find Deal Thu, 11 Apr - Thu, 18 Apr 7:30 a.m. - 7:10 p.m.YOW-CUN 11h 40m1 stop 10:20 p.m. - 2:25 a.m.CUN-YOW 4h 05mdirect C$ 289Air Transat Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 2:10 p.m. - 7:07 p.m.YOW-CUN 4h 57mdirect 2:05 p.m. - 6:14 p.m.CUN-YOW 4h 09mdirect C$ 420WestJet Find Deal Sat, 16 Dec - Wed, 20 Dec 2:10 p.m. - 7:07 p.m.YOW-CUN 4h 57mdirect 2:05 p.m. - 6:14 p.m.CUN-YOW 4h 09mdirect C$ 421WestJet Find Deal Sat, 16 Dec - Wed, 20 Dec Show more results Flights from Ottawa to Cancún - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Ottawa to Cancún to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Ottawa to Cancún? The average price of all flights from Ottawa to Cancún clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Ottawa to Cancún, look for departures on Wednesdays and avoid leaving on a Friday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Cancún, Monday is the cheapest day to fly and Tuesday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Ottawa to Cancún? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Cancún, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Ottawa to Cancún is May, where tickets cost C$ 333 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are August and March, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 808 and C$ 766 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Ottawa to Cancún? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Cancún, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Ottawa to Cancún, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 70 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Ottawa to Cancún? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Ottawa to Cancún were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 214) and United Airlines (C$ 345). Flair Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 130. Which airlines fly direct between Ottawa and Cancún? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Ottawa to Cancún. There are 5 airlines that fly direct from Ottawa to Cancún. They are: Air Canada, Air Transat, Flair Airlines, Sunwing Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 257. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Ottawa and Cancún per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 4 nonstop flights that take off from Ottawa and land in Cancún, with an average flight time of 4h 45m. The most common departure time is 6:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 12 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 33% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Ottawa and Cancún? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Ottawa to Cancún take? The duration of a direct flight to Cancún from Ottawa is typically 4h 40m. The journey crosses a distance of 4,645 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Ottawa to Cancun? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Ottawa at 6:00 am and will be landing in Cancún at 10:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from Ottawa to Cancun? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Ottawa to Cancún jets off at 6:30 pm and lands at 11:30 pm. Good to know Low season June High season March Cheapest flight C$ 130 Best time to beat the crowds (0% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (25% more expensive on average) Flight from Ottawa to Cancún When to book flights from Ottawa to Cancún Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Ottawa to Cancún based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Ottawa to Cancun Are there Special Check-in services on airlines from Ottawa to Cancun? Special check-in services are available for all passengers depending on the ticket class. For instance, if you book business class on Air Canada, you’ll enjoy exclusive check-in services, including ample space, self-service kiosks, and comfortable seats. Moreover, you’ll pass the lengthy queues, thanks to priority security clearance. Does your child need an air ticket for a flight to Cancun? Airlines have varying regulations regarding infant ticketing services. Air Canada, WestJet, and United Airlines allow infants under two years old to fly free while sitting on an adult’s lap. However, if your child is above two years old, you should secure a fully-paid seat for the child during the flight. Do children undergo security screening at Ottawa Airport (YOW)? Security screening is a must-have procedure for all passengers, including infants. So, before you board your flight, your children will pass through screening 2 hours before departure. The Canadian Air Transportation Security Authority handles all passenger screening services at the airport. Where should you go after the security screening at Ottawa Airport? Locate the relevant exit gate at the airport once you pass through security and customs clearance. You can then sit near the exit gate while waiting for instructions from the airline authorities to board your flight. Meanwhile, check the flight status from the monitors displaying flight information within the terminal. How can I get from Cancún Airport to my accommodation using public transportation? There are 5 different bus lines that service the airport, linking it with downtown Cancún and other major tourist areas including Playa Del Carmen and Tulum. Most buses operate from as early as 8:15 am until 11:45 pm, and prices depend on your destination. If you are heading to downtown Cancún, bus fares start at 4.78 MXN (about 6.40 CAD), and the fare for a bus to Playa Del Carmen will start from 11.55 MXN (about 15.50 CAD). How do I get a taxi from Cancún Airport? All taxis from the airport must be pre-booked and pre-paid. A pre-paid taxi desk is available at the airport from the arrivals hall, but you can also book online from the airport website. A taxi ride to downtown Cancún will take about 25min and will cost around 45 MXN (about 60 CAD), while a taxi to Playa Del Carmen will take about 45min and the fare will be around 70 MXN (about 94 CAD). Are there any on-site airport hotels at Cancún Airport? While there are no hotels directly at the airport, there are two options for accommodation located within the vicinity following your flight from Ottaway to Cancún. Comfort Inn Cancún Aeropuerto and Courtyard Cancún Airport are both located 5min from the terminals, and they both offer a free airport shuttle 24h a day. Can I store my luggage at Cancún Airport? Lockers are available in the airport’s main terminal, which passengers can use to store their baggage upon arrival. There are 6 different daily charges that depend on the size of your luggage, and payments must be made in cash. This service is available from 7:00 am to 9:00 pm, however if you need to access the service beyond these hours you can call the office to make arrangements. Which airports will I be using when flying from Ottawa to Cancún? Ottawa and Cancún are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Ottawa from Ottawa and will be arriving at Cancun. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Ottawa to Cancun? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Ottawa to Cancun flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Ottawa to Cancun? The Boeing 737-800 Passenger/BBJ2 (winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Ottawa to Cancun flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Ottawa to Cancun? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Ottawa and Cancún. On which days can I fly direct from Ottawa to Cancun? You can catch a direct flight from Ottawa to Cancun on on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. Which is the best airline for flights from Ottawa to Cancún, WestJet or Air Transat? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Ottawa to Cancún are WestJet and Air Transat. With an average price for the route of C$ 693 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Air Transat is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 781 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Ottawa to Cancun? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Ottawa to Cancun. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Ottawa to Cancun? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Cancun from Ottawa is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Ottawa to Cancun? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Cancun with an airline and back to Ottawa with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Ottawa to Cancun? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Cancun from Ottawa up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Ottawa to Cancun Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 168 or less one-way and C$ 348 or less round-trip. Air Transat serves a complimentary meal on long-haul flights from Ottawa to Cancun. However, when booking the airline, you can preorder a special diet at an affordable cost if it’s not part of the in-flight meal. You only need to place your order at least 72 hours before departure from Ottawa. There are different classes of airline tickets for passengers flying from Ottawa to Cancun. Depending on your budget and preferences, you can book a ticket on the economy, premium economy, business, or first class. For instance, a business class on Air Canada has lie-flat reclining seats, lounge access, sumptuous meals, and customized infotainment. If you are looking to get to your destination in the quickest way possible, look for flights from Ottawa to Cancún with WestJet, Air Transat or Sunwing Airlines as they offer direct flights for this route. Travellers who would like to get to Ottawa Airport (YOW) using public transportation can hop on bus 97, which goes through the city centre and gets to the airport in about 20min. Buses leave every 10min during peak hours and a one-way fare costs 3.55 CAD. Head to the Mera Business Lounge at Cancún Airport (CUN) after your flight from Ottawa to Cancún if you would like to relax in a quiet space upon arrival. It is located in the gated area of Terminal 2 next to Gate A and is open every day from 8:00 am to 9:00 pm. Head to the observation deck while waiting for your flight at Ottawa Airport, here you can relax and watch planes land and take off. It is located in the public area on level 3 of the airport. Exchange currency before your flight from Ottawa Airport at ICE, which is located in the arrivals hall of the airport on level 1, and is open every day from 9:00 am to midnight. Please note that while the local currency in Mexico is Pesos, you can also use US Dollars in the major tourist areas. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Ottawa to Cancun? Find which airlines fly direct from Ottawa to Cancun, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Ottawa to Cancun Search flights Monday Air Transat,Flair Airlines,Sunwing Airlines Air Transat,Flair Airlines, +1 more Tuesday Air Canada Air Canada Wednesday Flair Airlines,Sunwing Airlines,WestJet Flair Airlines,Sunwing Airlines, +1 more Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Flair Airlines Air Canada,Air Transat, +1 more Friday Flair Airlines,Sunwing Airlines Flair Airlines,Sunwing Airlines Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Sunwing Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Cancun to Ottawa Search flights Monday Air Transat,Sunwing Airlines Air Transat,Sunwing Airlines Tuesday Air Canada,Flair Airlines Air Canada,Flair Airlines Wednesday Sunwing Airlines,WestJet Sunwing Airlines,WestJet Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Flair Airlines Air Canada,Air Transat, +1 more Friday Sunwing Airlines Sunwing Airlines Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Sunwing Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Sunday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Ottawa to Cancún See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Ottawa to Cancún. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Ottawa to Cancún? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9263 reviews 70entertainment 81boarding 84crew 71food 80overall 77comfort Airline reviews Long delay die to pet mix up. Also bags took forever to get to carouselRead more about WestJet Long delay die to pet mix up. Also bags took forever to get to carousel Pros: "Crew did the best they could under the conditions" Cons: "There was a broken toilet that was very loud and created long line ups because economy only had use of the 1 bathroom while the first class had 2 bathrooms for so few people" Pros: "Crew and staff at gate fantastic. Accommodated me sitting with partner on both legs (booked flights separately)." Cons: "Flight was delayed. Always tough late at night." Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy" Pros: "All westjet workers are amazing. Starting from the people at the front desk, the crews on the plan and the people that give direction." Pros: "Good crew and on time departure" Cons: "Overnight flight. How nice it would have been to have blanket and pillows as provided by some airlines ." Pros: "Our stewardess was amazing. Took very good care of us. My son was sick and made sure a wheelchair was available for him total take us to transportation. Made our trip. Thank you!!" Cons: "All was good" Cons: "Delays left us in the plane for almost 1 1/2 hours before leaving Toronto." Pros: "Amazing Service at the registering counter at the airport. One for the two flight attendants was very nice. Unfortunately, he was not the one assigned to my section." Cons: "One of the flight attendants was incredibly dismissive. “Forgot” to ask for my order to get lunch, so needed to call him so he could take my order (he was already in the middle of eating his own food) and of course by then what I asked for was not available, and the options for food were bad. On top of that, the trash from the top of my table was not cleared for a long, long, long time (even though everyone else’s in my section were clean). First time this happens to me in all my years of flying, specially in upper economy class." Pros: "Joesph air host was amazing! Took care of numerous people with kindness & professionalism on our morning fright from Toronto to Vegas!" Cons: "Lots of kids on the flight. Parents did a great job coupled with the staff. I very grateful! I needed a nap ! Iol" Once we got through the long line at security, everything was very good from boarding to exiting the place. The flight crew was very friendly. What Air Transat could do much better is to put us through to TSA Pre-Check since my wife and I are Nexus members. We have never enjoyed this privilege with Air Transat, but, we always get this with Air Canada at the FLL airport. So, this is possible to do. Cons: "Travelled from Toronto,CA to Lyon, FR and wasn't pleased with service, food, no coffee available plus drinks were limited. And on top of that when I arrived in Lyon, my baggage wasn't delivered from Toronto (was told at baggage claim desk). I paid $70 dollars for something that didn't get delivered." Pros: "The crew service was polite and efficient. As I have long legs, the distance between seats means I can't move around much." Cons: "Travelling in economy class means the food is okay but not great. It used to be better a few years ago before the intense competition between airlines for passengers." Pros: "Contrary to some reviews, I had an excellent experience with Air Transat. I would highly recommend." Cons: "Thought they were a well oiled machine." Cons: "For. 4 hour delay, would have been nice for AT to offer something to their patrons...drink, snack etc" Pros: "direct flight" Cons: "like being in a flying school bus only the seats are less comfortable" Pros: "Flight was quiet and uneventful. Kudos to the pilots." Cons: "Our flight from YEG to YYZ was delayed by over an hour. Normally this wouldn't bother us, as we did not have a chance to get flight, however, we felt we were deceived and lied to by Air Transat at the gate. Specifically, the staff at the gate indicated that our flight would be delayed "intentionally" according to airline policy, to take advantage of favourable tailwinds to get the flight to YYZ on time. This explanation maked no sense, and was unfounded from a cursory Google search. When we finally boarded an hour later, the captain on the flight indicated that the plane was actually LATE arriving to YEG from a previous flight. I'm not expecting any specific reimbursement for the inconveniences to us or our family picking us up, but we and other customers should NEVER be decieved. If the flight is late, tell us, and indicate whether connecting flights (for those that have them) will be withheld or not or to make appropriate arrangements if otherwise not possible." Pros: "The pilot was honest and concerned with the safety of the aircraft. That was most appreciated." Cons: "Flight was 3 hours late. There was no liquor or even a small snack provided. Minimum service by the flight crew. Most disappointed!" Pros: "Boarding was good and the crew were helpful/friendly." Cons: "Flight delayed 3 hours. Aisle Seat narrow and was hit a lot every time someone went bye so there was no napping for me however since it was a direct flight and only 3 hours I would take it again. I was glad when we landed." Pros: "Friendly staff, comfy seats, in flight entertainment and charging stations at every seat" Cons: "Not a lot of leg room, hectic boarding" Unfriendly staff, delayed flight, luggage took almost an hour. Very disappointing. One United employee a little impatient, also on flight WiFi was out for some time. I was happy to receive a complimentary alcoholic beverage for volunteering to check my carry on bag. I enjoyed everything generally. However, getting from the Tarmac to the arrival building required we got on a Bus and meaning they had to wait on everyone to get in from the plane eating a significant amount of time and we still had to get o. The air shuttle to get to the arrival building and saw passengers with connections having to run all the way. My experience flying from Ottawa to Montreal was not good! Seating is very tight. We were delayed 90 minutes to board, because the flight crew were late Pros: "Amazing crew and Ground staff. Check in and bag check in was really smooth and fast." Cons: "Maybe some more options of snacks. In flight entertainment was not working so can’t say much about it." Pros: "The seat was fine for economy" Cons: "You should offer free wifi! Air Canada should lead the way and be above the rest!" Pros: "The crew was friendly and tried to provide a good service." Cons: "Wider seats and more leg room. The return trip from Ottawa to Vancouver was over $1200. I think that’s quite pricey given that any food or alcoholic beverage had to be purchased at an extra cost." Cons: "There was no coffee or tea available on the flight" Pros: "The 777 is excellent. Service very friendly. Food is good. One leg flight is super good" Cons: "Apparently the pilots are allowed to smoke on these long flights. In this trip it was not bad but on previous flights it was really bad" Cons: "It would have been nice to have all the immigration forms necessary and a pen to fill them out. If you aren’t going to provide those please notify passengers in advance." Pros: "- Boarding was efficient - The food was good" Cons: "- The male flight attendant in Business Class was rude. - The movie options were very limited, dated and unappealing" Pros: "..." Cons: "I got stuck in the airport through the whole night" Pros: "All service from check in to boarding was just ok." Cons: "Checking in was annoying. Got to the airport and people seemed positively confused about having to tag their own bags. Granted when I finally got to the kiosk, I went through in a short amount of time but I’m not sure of the benefit as I knew I would need an assistant to review my documents." Pros: "The flight was on time and arrived early with minimal difficulties" Cons: "A crew member required several passengers including my girlfriend to check a bag that has routinely fit on all flights prior with even checking to see if it would actually fit at the gate" Pros: "The crew was friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better snacks would be nice, and there was no entertainment available, even for personal devices." Pros: "Steward and Stewardess very nice and helpful" Cons: "Walk between flights was extreme - tracked at about a mile! The video movie was incredibly choppy making entertainment frustrating." Pros: "No carry-on charge, free beverages, in flight entertainment, great movie selections" Cons: "... before takeoff necessitated return to gate from runway for technical inspection and approval before flight. That, plus de-icing, put us about one hour behind on departure." Pros: "Happy with everything!! Upgraded to business class-from boarding, breakfast, blanket and exiting the plane-all was well:)" Good flight and all but airlines are now moving away from providing anything as part of the flight which was previously included, ie in flight entertainment service or snacks. The real problem with Sunwing is that they are totally undependable. Plane was supposed to heave at 8:20 pm from Varadero to Toronto. Instead because of delays on their part, finally left at 2:30 AM Same thing happened a few days back to my family whereby they were delayed one full day. Throughout the process, no one told them anything. They found out by accident from another passenger after waiting a few hours in the hotel all for nothing Same thing happened with my daughter and husband last year with delays which caused them to miss two days of s much needed 7 days break to Aruba No matter what the cost, I will nit fly Sunwing again and also encourage friends and values to never fly this hihh highly problematic airline Edreams did not pay the airline and I had to buy another ticket to be able to travel and they still have not refunded my money Why do I have to pay $20 to leave the airport? Why do I have to pay $25 for the carry on? This was my worst travelling experiences ever. This was my second time and my last time Minimal service (no entertainment or snack) as advertised, so be prepared. Very friendly flight crew and staff. Excellent service all around Most standard features are now to be paid as extra I bought a 1-way ticket from Punta Cana home to Canada, surprise, when I got to the lineup at the airport Sunwing charges a 20 USD airport tax separately. I was told I should have known, though it is the only airline in the terminal that charges it (separately, USD only, no cards or local currency accepted). ATMs at the airport out of service, nowhere to purchase USD on-site. Local banks do not sell you USD if you don't have an account with them... Eventually I found a taxi driver to buy the currency from. Luckily I speak Spanish and am comfortable in the country on my own. I was able to find a solution as the Nexus greeter for Sunwing offered no help. Other Sunwing team members and flight crew I met later were much more helpful when I could not complete self-check-in (flying with carry-on only) as all the seats were locked and apparently could only be assigned at the desk (despite the greeter telling me to use the self-check-in). Due to the onboard check on system malfunction, we were getting conflicting messages about the flight status. Found it very interesting that kayak gave us updates before the Sunwing app or representatives did. Was not allowed to board because my KAYAK purchased ticket was declined / invalidated. DO NOT USE KAYAK. Cramped seats, no in-flight entertainment. Basic A to B transportation. Staff were fantastic. Like riding a school bus in the sky. WestJet7.7 Air Transat7.2 Air Canada7.1 United Airlines7.0 Sunwing Airlines6.6 Book cheap flights from Ottawa to Cancun Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Ottawa to Cancún found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 8/12Fri directFlair Airlines 5h 00mYOW-CUN C$ 96 Search 8/12Fri directFlair Airlines 5h 00mYOW-CUN C$ 101 Search 11/12Mon directFlair Airlines 5h 00mYOW-CUN C$ 112 Search 27/1Sat 1 stopAir Transat 13h 00mYOW-CUN C$ 169 Search 26/2Mon 1 stopAir Transat 11h 40mYOW-CUN C$ 175 Search 9/12Sat directWestJet 4h 57mYOW-CUN C$ 189 Search 7/12Thu directAir Canada 4h 40mYOW-CUN C$ 268 Search 19/12Tue directAir Canada 4h 40mYOW-CUN C$ 283 Search 30/12Sat directWestJet 4h 57mYOW-CUN C$ 285 Search 23/12Sat directSunwing Airlines 4h 35mYOW-CUN C$ 424 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesAir TransatWestJetAir CanadaSunwing Airlines Search by priceC$ 100 or lessC$ 170 or lessC$ 190 or lessC$ 280 or lessC$ 420 or less Last minute flights from Ottawa to Cancún Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Ottawa to Cancún that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 5h 00mYOW-CUN 10/12Sun directFlair Airlines 4h 25mCUN-YOW C$ 167 Search 1/12Fri directFlair Airlines 5h 00mYOW-CUN 5/12Tue directFlair Airlines 4h 25mCUN-YOW C$ 207 Search 2/12Sat directAir Transat 4h 50mYOW-CUN 9/12Sat directAir Transat 4h 05mCUN-YOW C$ 284 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 19h 00mYOW-CUN 6/12Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 30h 47mCUN-YOW C$ 291 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopAir Transat 13h 00mYOW-CUN 8/12Fri multi-stopAir Transat 27h 30mCUN-YOW C$ 296 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 19h 00mYOW-CUN 5/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 39mCUN-YOW C$ 304 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 17h 15mYOW-CUN 8/12Fri multi-stopAir Canada 10h 42mCUN-YOW C$ 404 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 26h 30mYOW-CUN 9/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 13h 44mCUN-YOW C$ 432 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 12h 26mYOW-CUN 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 27h 50mCUN-YOW C$ 464 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 33h 25mYOW-CUN 8/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 55h 50mCUN-YOW C$ 614 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesAir TransatUnited AirlinesAir CanadaWestJet Search by priceC$ 210 or lessC$ 290 or lessC$ 300 or lessC$ 430 or lessC$ 610 or less Ottawa - Cancún Flights Departure: Ottawa (YOW)Canada Destination: Cancun (CUN)Mexico Return flight deals: Cancun - Ottawa Cabin classes: First Class flights to Cancún Business Class flights to Cancún Prem Econ Class flights to Cancún C$ 252 Economy Class flights to Cancún Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Ottawa C$ 213Flights from Ottawa to Cancún Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Mexico » Quintana Roo » Cancún C$ 213Flights to Cancún, Cancún Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Halifax Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Victoria Flights to Kelowna Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Cancun flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Cancun from Ottawa. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Cancun from Ottawa. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.