Cheap Flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco from $65 | (MSP - SFO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MSP - SFO Find cheap flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco from $65 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/17. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to San Francisco These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to San Francisco. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to San Francisco. How much is the cheapest flight from Minneapolis to San Francisco?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:00 pm - 9:29 amMSP-SFO 17h 29m1 stop 8:59 am - 11:40 pmSFO-MSP 12h 41m1 stop $118Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sat, Feb 3 6:53 pm - 9:29 amMSP-SFO 16h 36m1 stop 10:19 am - 12:12 amSFO-MSP 11h 53m1 stop $123Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Mon, Jan 29 8:00 am - 10:20 amMSP-SFO 4h 20mnonstop 11:59 pm - 5:37 amSFO-MSP 3h 38mnonstop $155Sun Country Air Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Sun, Dec 17 2:45 pm - 4:58 pmMSP-SFO 4h 13mnonstop 11:59 pm - 5:37 amSFO-MSP 3h 38mnonstop $166Sun Country Air Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sun, Dec 17 1:48 pm - 11:38 pmMSP-SFO 11h 50m1 stop 7:00 am - 5:24 pmSFO-MSP 8h 24m1 stop $232American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Wed, Jan 24 10:42 am - 5:00 pmMSP-SFO 8h 18m1 stop 1:36 pm - 12:27 amSFO-MSP 8h 51m1 stop $233American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 9 - Mon, Feb 12 6:50 pm - 9:15 pmMSP-SFO 4h 25mnonstop 6:15 am - 11:57 amSFO-MSP 3h 42mnonstop $248Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Mon, Jan 15 6:10 pm - 8:58 pmMSP-SFO 4h 48mnonstop 11:00 pm - 8:46 amSFO-MSP 7h 46m1 stop $258United Airlines Find Deal Sat, Feb 3 - Thu, Feb 8 6:32 pm - 9:00 pmMSP-SFO 4h 28mnonstop 6:15 am - 11:57 amSFO-MSP 3h 42mnonstop $273Delta Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Sat, Jan 13 1:42 pm - 7:35 pmMSP-SFO 7h 53m1 stop 11:14 am - 5:18 pmSFO-MSP 4h 04mnonstop $280United Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 2 - Sat, Feb 10 Show more results Flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Minneapolis to San Francisco? The average price of all flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Minneapolis to San Francisco, look for departures on Mondays and avoid leaving on a Sunday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from San Francisco, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly and Monday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Minneapolis to San Francisco? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco is August, where tickets cost $298 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are March and April, where the average cost of tickets is $487 and $387 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Minneapolis to San Francisco? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Minneapolis to San Francisco, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 36 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Minneapolis to San Francisco found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $118 on Frontier, followed by Sun Country Air ($155). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $65 on Frontier and from $77 on Sun Country Air. Which airlines fly non-stop between Minneapolis and San Francisco? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Minneapolis to San Francisco. They are: Delta, Sun Country Air and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Sun Country Air at $155 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Sun Country Air. How many flights are there between Minneapolis and San Francisco per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 9 nonstop flights that take off from Minneapolis and land in San Francisco, with an average flight time of 4h 24m. The most common departure time is 8:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 34 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 26% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Minneapolis and San Francisco? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Minneapolis to San Francisco take? The duration of a nonstop flight to San Francisco from Minneapolis is typically 4h 11m. The journey crosses a distance of 1,585 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Minneapolis to San Francisco? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Minneapolis at 6:00 am and will be landing in San Francisco at 8:31 am. What’s the latest departure time from Minneapolis to San Francisco? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Minneapolis to San Francisco jets off at 9:25 pm and lands at 11:54 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $65 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 8% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 2% lower on average. Flight from Minneapolis to San Francisco When to book flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Minneapolis to San Francisco based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco How convenient is it to land at San Francisco International Airport (SFO) late in the night? If you arrive at SFO late at night, there are a coup of decent sleep spots inside Terminals 2 and 3. Additionally, you have the option of connecting to a nearby hotel like San Francisco Airport Marriott Waterfront, which is not only closer to the airport but also offers 24-hour operational free airport shuttles. How can travelers landing at San Francisco International Airport (SFO) get to a rental car center? If you want to drive yourself from SFO to your accommodation or San Fracisco city center, you can rent a car from the rental car center located within the airport. This center is on the fourth floor and houses, among other companies, Avis, Hertz, and Enterprise. Which nearby cities can I get to from San Francisco International Airport (SFO)? Apart from serving as the gateway to San Francisco, SFO serves a number of other cities, including Palo Alto, San Jose, and Mountain View. You can conveniently connect from SFO to these and other nearby cities using rental cars. What special access services are available on flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco? Travelers with reduced mobility have nothing to worry about when booking flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco. All airlines at MSP have their staff deployed to different locations to offer cab-to-aircraft wheelchair services to persons with reduced mobility. Which airlines are suitable for those traveling with kids from Minneapolis to San Francisco? If you are traveling with your kid(s), American Airlines tops the list of airlines to consider booking. The airline provides priority boarding to travelers with young ones in addition to having spacious seats with extra legroom in all its cabins. How can I catch up with the earliest flight from Minneapolis to San Francisco? Spending the night in one of the hotels near MSP enhances your convenience in accessing the airport to catch up with the earliest flight to San Francisco. For instance, if you stay at Hampton Inn Suites Minneapolis St Paul Arpt-Mall of America, you will not only be near the airport but will also enjoy free airport shuttle services. What are my transportation options once I arrive at San Francisco Airport? There are four bus lines (KX, 292, 397, and 398) stopping both at the International Terminal and outside Terminals 2 and 3 before heading to the city center. The BART Rapid Rail service also stops at SFO in the G boarding area of the International Terminal, so hop on the northbound direction to Pittsburg/Bay Point in case you want to go to downtown San Fran. Otherwise, travelers can opt for a taxi ride, an app-based ride service, or rent a car from the airport. Which airlines fly directly from Minneapolis-St. Paul Airport to San Francisco Airport? There are different airlines offering daily flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco, with Delta, Sun Country, and United offering non-stop flights between the two. Delta and United flights operate from Terminal 1 at MSP, while Sun Country can be found in Terminal 2. Which airline should I choose? While flight prices are relatively similar between Delta Airlines and Sun Country Airlines, the former offers a greater number of daily flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco than the latter, which means more flexibility when choosing your travel times. You should also know that United flights between these two cities are operated by SkyWest. Are there hotels available onsite at San Francisco Airport? There are dozens of hotels around SFO, and they all have free shuttle buses that pick up arriving passengers from the Hotel Courtesy Shuttle areas, which are located in the middle of the Departures Level roadway, in all four terminals. Travelers may contact their hotels through the phone booths at the Shuttle Kiosks (different hotels have different codes) and arrange their pickup service upon arrival. Do I need a passport to fly between Minneapolis and San Francisco? No Which airports will I be using when flying from Minneapolis to San Francisco? Minneapolis and San Francisco are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Minneapolis from Minneapolis St Paul and will be arriving at San Francisco. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Minneapolis to San Francisco? Delta, Spirit Airlines, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Minneapolis to San Francisco flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Minneapolis to San Francisco? The Boeing 737-900 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Minneapolis to San Francisco flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco? SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Minneapolis and San Francisco, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Minneapolis to San Francisco? There are nonstop flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $342 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $412 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Minneapolis to San Francisco? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to San Francisco from Minneapolis is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to San Francisco with an airline and back to Minneapolis with another airline. Booking your flights between Minneapolis and SFO can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Minneapolis to San Francisco? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to San Francisco from Minneapolis up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from MSP to San Francisco Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $138 or less one-way and $258 or less round-trip. Flights from Minneapolis have Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport (MSP) as the only departure airport, while San Francisco International Airport (SFO), San Jose Mineta International Airport (SJC), and Oakland International Airport (OAK) are the arrival airport options. It is easier to connect to the city center as well as other parts of San Francisco from SFO than OAK or SJC, thanks to the availability of several transport options onsite. However, you enjoy more convenience at SJC and OAK because of the shorter queues at baggage claim areas and security checkpoints. City Buses (Route 54) operated by Metro Transit provide affordable and reliable transport services when connecting to Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport (MSP) from downtown Minneapolis, taking about 25 minutes. Apart from this, you can also opt to use a taxi, which is faster than a bus, taking less than 15 minutes to arrive at the airport. With San Francisco International Airport serving as a hub for United Airlines and Alaska Airlines, booking any of these airlines allows you to enjoy world-class lounge amenities after landing. The frequency of daily flights by these airlines arriving at SFO from MSP is also higher than other carriers. Therefore, you can reliably get a flight that is convenient to your schedule. Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (MSP) offers several different entertaining options for its departing passengers in both Terminal 1 and 2. If you want to kill time before a flight, head to the different restaurants such as A&W or Angel Food Bakery, roam around the many clothing shops, or even grab a book at Authors. For those who want to relax before a flight, there is a quiet seating area at Terminal 1, on the mezzanine level overlooking the airport mall. If you arrive early to MSP and want to keep the kids busy, there are three Children’s Play Areas, all open 24 hours. Two of them are in Terminal 1 (one at Concourse C, near Gate C12, and another one near Door 6), and the other one can be found in Terminal 2, just across from gate H6 in Concourse H. Go around San Francisco Airport (SFO) with the AirTrain, the free, automated shuttle which carries passengers between all four terminals (as well as to their garages) every few minutes. You can get a first taste of the San Francisco and Bay Area cuisine upon arrival at SFO, as most of the eateries there are branches of local restaurants, bars, and cafés – this includes Farmerbrown, located in Terminal 1’s Boarding Area C. SFO also offers many cultural options, such as the Aviation Museum and Library (in the International Terminal’s main hall), the Christian Science Reading Room (Terminal 1), the Berman Reflection Room (International Terminal), and the Yoga Rooms (Terminals 2 and 3), where you can relax and meditate both before and after a flight. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Minneapolis St Paul to San Francisco? Find which airlines fly direct from Minneapolis St Paul to San Francisco, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Minneapolis St Paul to San Francisco Search Flights Monday Air France, Air New Zealand, Asiana Airlines, +5 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air France, Air New Zealand, Asiana Airlines, +5 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Air France, Air New Zealand, Asiana Airlines, +6 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +7 more 5 6 Thursday Air France, Air New Zealand, Asiana Airlines, +5 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +6 more 4 5 Friday Air France, Air New Zealand, Asiana Airlines, +6 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +7 more 5 6 Saturday Air France, Air New Zealand, Asiana Airlines, +5 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +6 more 4 5 Sunday Air France, Air New Zealand, Asiana Airlines, +6 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +7 more 5 6 See more direct flights Nonstop returns San Francisco to Minneapolis St Paul Search Flights Monday Air France, Air New Zealand, Delta, +5 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air France, Air New Zealand, Delta, +5 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Air France, Air New Zealand, Delta, +5 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +6 more 4 5 Thursday Air France, Air New Zealand, China Southern, +6 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +7 more 5 6 Friday Air France, Air New Zealand, China Eastern, +6 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +7 more 5 6 Saturday Air France, Air New Zealand, China Southern, +6 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +7 more 5 6 Sunday Air France, Air New Zealand, China Eastern, +6 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +7 more 5 6 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Minneapolis to San Francisco See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Minneapolis to San Francisco. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Minneapolis to San Francisco? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29974 reviews 85overall 78entertainment 88crew 79food 82comfort 85boarding Airline reviews Cons: "Flight on time and not wait 30 min on the runway to get to a gate once landed"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "Flight on time and not wait 30 min on the runway to get to a gate once landed" Pros: "The seat was nice." Cons: "Offered water or Orange juice in a can due to a short flight. I may recommend no canned orange juice, due to the quality ingredients and something more freshly squeezed for health benefits. And offers coffee or tea." Pros: "Crew were very attentive and hospitable to the crew. I have been flying ASIANA many times and enjoy the flight as well." Pros: "NOTHING ㅗ" Cons: "GROUND SERVICE. The flight was delayed causing me to miss my connecting flight. The ground staff at BWI said they could do nothing about it. I spent an extra $1000." Pros: "Flight was ok." Cons: "They took away our seats and then gave us new ones but we were separated. My son is 2 and I was t able to sit with him and my wife." Cons: "Bathrooms were not maintained during duration of flight. With airlines like Delta and JetBlue stepping up their in-flight service Alaska needs to get with the program. I think everyone and their mothers we're in boarding group C but yet no one was in A...make it more dispersed." Pros: "The female attendant went above and beyond. She was kind, thorough, and helped make the flight the best I’ve been on with Alaska Airlines so far!" Pros: "One beverage cart pass during a very long flight. No food available unless preordered. Not even the obligatory mini pretzels." Pros: "Free movies, comfy seats" Cons: "The WiFi doesn’t work. They didn’t give out any snacks just drinks." Pros: "Friendly crew, clean plane" Cons: "Go go Wi-Fi was terrible...spotty service for about 20 minutes, but ultimately the crew just shut off the Wi-Fi. Ran out of food 1 hour into the 5 hour flight. were they not expecting a full flight?" Pros: "Crew was polite and very helpful." Cons: "It would have been great to reiterate to passengers to remain seated when deplaning, until the passenger in the row ahead were approximately 6 Ft away." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and took good care of the passengers" Pros: "Crew was nice and friendly" Cons: "The economy seats in an A321 are uncomfortable and there is very limited legroom." Pros: "The crew on both legs of our trip were nice and accommodating." Cons: "Flight attendant in First class was visibly frustrated and unfriendly. He was not helping with my simple request for a blanket. Also, the were no food service in first class." Pros: "This is a delayed flight after having my flight to the previous night delayed to the extent that I could not take it and make my connecting flight out of Minneapolis." Cons: "This is a delayed flight after having my flight to the previous night delayed to the extent that I could not take it and make my connecting flight out of Minneapolis." Pros: "On this short flight, the flight attendant was wonderful, accommodating special requests and being fully engaged with passengers. On time departure, early arrival, overall a nice quick flight to Duluth." Cons: "CRJ200 planes are always a bit cramped, and having to gate check anything bigger than a small purse is an inconvenience. Hopefully the fleet will change over to the Embrair planes soon. Beware 'Basic' flyers (cheap tickets): you are not eligible to take an earlier flight even if available." Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Pros: "Food was excellent. I had the pasta. Loved watching movies." Pros: "The guy announcing the boarding was a hoot! Great sense of humor." Pros: "Flight attendant Susan was wonderful. Very friendly, professional, and helpful." Pros: "The flight and boarding were good." Cons: "I'm shocked at what is needed to make a profit these days. Charging $40 for a carry-on bag is absurd. Good thing I read the details at check-in. I did not mind paying $6 for my assigned seat." Cons: "Late departure by 1 hour. Then had to wait 55 minutes at the luggage pick up in SFO" Cons: "They charged for my carrie on! I didnt have o pay when I flu with you guys! I was surprised!!!!!!!!" Cons: "We were fully boarded and then were delayed 1 hour without any explanation. They also had poor in flight service and very uncomfortable seats. No leg room at all and if the person put their seat back the 5 degrees it could move, there was no way to be comfortable because the seat in front presses against my knees." Pros: "The plane was not full so seating was comfortable." Cons: "Check in line was really long. But luckily the terminal was small so I still made it to my flight on time." Pros: "Nice flight attendant" Cons: "Not much of a choice in beer. 2 light beers and 1 full of hops. How about an amber or low ipa with flavor? No leg room in seats. Plane was hot. Very uncomfortable ride." Cons: "volume on recorded announcement was too high but overall, an excellent experience!" Cons: "Had to wait an hour from when we landed until we got our bags." Pros: "A surprisingly good cheese burger ($5),cheerful crew, and on-time departure and arrival. Given my low expectations for American air travel, I was pleasantly surprised." Cons: "As always, the seats are too small, the overheads too full, and the staff a bit harried. I really shouldn't fault the airline for any of that." Pros: "Flight attendants were friendly and thoughtful." Cons: "Seating is too tight. Hard to believe that in 2019, major airlines still have seats without any electrical or UBS outlets for charging devices." Pros: "Let's see - I was in first class. The flight itself was fine - and only one hour + late!" Cons: "Food - Served the "breakfast" (when it was called a protein plate) I had coming (into MSP). for "lunch" on the way back (called it a meat plate for lunch. One slice turkey, one slice jamon, one egg, cinnamon roll and fruit. Just because they don't want to serve bread - they call it a protein plate? I'm not on a protein diet. Food was pretty sick for the amount I paid for the fight. Stewardess said it was against Republic's rules to give a customer a can of tonic water (so I could add to the small amount of vodka) - she also told me that it was against Delta's, American's and United's rules to give a can - strange? First Class seat did not recline. First Class was freezing per every flight on this segment (the stewardesses sit in the back and don't want to be uncomfortable - if they make the front warm - the back is too hot for them (not joking on this one). So many things to list - that I will finish on the AA site." Pros: "Nothing. Just the pilot" Cons: "Everything. Bad communication. 1 h delay. Then 3 hs in the plane. We ran out of gas. 2 more hours taxiing Never seen something similar. I really hope my mileage refund." Pros: "Awesome roomy seat right behind business class. Could not have asked for better! And it was a gorgeous new aircraft." Pros: "I love your entertainment selection. also the comfort of seat and it's on time." Pros: "Landed early" Cons: "The seats were not as good as the ones on my BA flight to Heathrow and then Rome. Also, cross country flight but no in flight entertainment. Arrived early in PHL and American would not let me move up to an earlier PHL-SFO flight since it was a code share booked with BA. Should not be my fault as when booking it indicated all four of my flights were with BA. Once booked it indicated the return flights were code share with AA. American should have allowed me on the earlier flight. That would have opened a seat on the scheduled flight which had people waiting on standby." Pros: "extra leg room but I had to pay for it" Cons: "This should only be used for important communications. And to not offer food on a 6 hour flight is horrible." Pros: "The flight crew was great and it was a very smooth landing." Cons: "Had to pay extra for seats so we could sit together, near the front of the plane (not really, and no bathroom nearby, very small seats with zero legroom). we were delayed twice (40m then 1h10m) then told to go to a different terminal because now our flight WAS leaving on time! so we hauled over there only to be delayed again several times. we know it was a weather thing, but just wish there was more accurate info about when we would actually take off. seats on outgoing flight from SFO to CLT were GREAT, very roomy, comfortable. Coming back- not so much." Pros: "Quick board and exit, fast check-in" Cons: "Wi-Fi onboard free for all T Mobile customers, cramped seat room for a smaller adult even" Pros: "Pretzels and drinks." Cons: "The group's for boarding are ridiculous. The back of the plane should board first and so on... the new plane we flew on had the smallest seats we've ever seen. When we tried to board, the crew would rudely say, it's not your turn. We were flying for a funeral and paid a lot for our tickets. We should be treated with respect. One lady said to put our luggage in the first available compartment, then when we tried, another lady rudely said, if that's not where you're sitting, you can't put your bag there. We were embarrassed and when we tried to explain what we'd been told she told us to keep moving." Cons: "The flight was delayed over an hour. Because of that, I missed my appointment." Pros: "We paid for extra leg room but did not receive it. Our complaint to the staff was dismissed without a care. We will be taking our business to Alaska Airlines in the future." Cons: "Everything" Pros: "the entertainment program was good, and the plane in good shape" Cons: "food was terrible" Pros: "The MSP united noticed our original flight was not going to match our connection flight so they search us out for an earlier flights so we could get to our destination. Also, got two refreshments." Cons: "Seats were hard." Cons: "That I could only have one carry on an my purse was considered two, really and it was a small purse." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They left early. I got there at 6:40 and the plane had left the gate" Pros: "Fast and effective. On time and crew was nice and helpful." Cons: "They passed out drinks late !! Too close to landing time ." Pros: "Ordered the Protein Box, it was ok.. crew members nice." Cons: "The Smell on the flight was unacceptable, I was sitting about a couple rows across the middle bathroom, and it smelled horrible, I had never had an experience like this on any other flight, I fly United many times a year, and this had me really uncomfortable for almost 5 hours, since the flight was delayed almost 1.5 hours while we sat onboard the aircraft at the gate, that had me miss dinner plans too in San Francisco as well. I really hope they can fix that, For the good of the passengers, felt like I was going to be nauseous all the time, and I'm really not someone that complains or takes time to review badly." Pros: "Healthy options maybe apples or something, and cheaper for snack packs. Ability to accept cash." Cons: "Plane was supposed to depart at 5:30 did not depart until around 7:20!!! Had to sit on plane for almost 2 hrs!! We were NOT OFFERED anything to drink Not even water!! Jet Blue would NEVER be neglectful, they are very service oriented. Plane was full & 2 babies on board one was fussy crying at times. It was s nightmare!! I was exhausted from traveling to NYC & Philly! & the delay & lack of service was AWFUL!! Could not watch TV, bc It either connects to phone, I could not connect it or I think you had to pay! Unheard of!!!I love to watch CNN, MSNBC & Fox it makes the time fly!! Hopefully will Never have to fly United Again" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Minneapolis to San Francisco found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/17Sat 1 stopFrontier 17h 43mMSP-SFO $65 Search 12/14Thu 1 stopFrontier 7h 06mMSP-SFO $68 Search 12/21Thu nonstopSun Country Air 4h 24mMSP-SFO $77 Search 12/14Thu nonstopSun Country Air 4h 20mMSP-SFO $78 Search 1/18Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 11h 50mMSP-SFO $117 Search 5/22Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 10h 18mMSP-SFO $180 Search 12/21Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 17h 59mMSP-SFO $249 Search 1/18Thu nonstopDelta 4h 24mMSP-SFO $259 Search 12/18Mon 2 stopsUnited Airlines 13h 39mMSP-SFO $279 Search 2/16Fri nonstopDelta 4h 26mMSP-SFO $299 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSun Country AirAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$70 or less$80 or less$180 or less$260 or less$300 or less Last minute flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stop 13h 40mMSP-SFO 12/12Tue multi-stop 23h 58mSFO-MSP $178 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 13h 40mMSP-SFO 12/6Wed multi-stop 15h 47mSFO-MSP $181 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 13h 40mMSP-SFO 12/12Tue multi-stopFrontier 20h 50mSFO-MSP $185 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 13h 40mMSP-SFO 12/13Wed multi-stopFrontier 19h 34mSFO-MSP $196 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSun Country Air 4h 13mMSP-SFO 12/13Wed nonstopSun Country Air 3h 35mSFO-MSP $247 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSun Country Air 4h 13mMSP-SFO 12/11Mon nonstopSun Country Air 3h 35mSFO-MSP $262 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 4h 22mMSP-SFO 1/4Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 54mSFO-MSP $368 Search 12/3Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 4h 22mMSP-SFO 12/14Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 50mSFO-MSP $393 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 4h 09mMSP-SFO 12/9Sat nonstopDelta 3h 35mSFO-MSP $418 Search 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 4h 21mMSP-SFO 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 3h 37mSFO-MSP $423 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSun Country AirUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$180 or less$200 or less$260 or less$390 or less$420 or less Minneapolis - San Francisco Flights Departure: Minneapolis (MSP)United States Destination: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: San Francisco - Minneapolis Cabin classes: $832 First Class flights to San Francisco $978 Business Class flights to San Francisco $245 Prem Econ Class flights to San Francisco $158 Economy Class flights to San Francisco Browse origins: Flights » United States » Minnesota » Minneapolis $125Flights from Minneapolis to San Francisco Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » San Francisco $125Flights to San Francisco, San Francisco Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Tampa Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search San Francisco flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to San Francisco from Minneapolis. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to San Francisco from Minneapolis. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.