Cheap Flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas from C$ 107 | (YEG - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YEG - LAS Find cheap flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas from C$ 107 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 14/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Edmonton to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Edmonton to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Edmonton to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:45 a.m. - 2:10 p.m.YEG-LAS 3h 25mdirect 2:55 p.m. - 7:20 p.m.LAS-YEG 3h 25mdirect C$ 113Flair Airlines Find Deal Sun, 7 Jan - Wed, 10 Jan 11:45 a.m. - 2:10 p.m.YEG-LAS 3h 25mdirect 2:55 p.m. - 7:20 p.m.LAS-YEG 3h 25mdirect C$ 118Flair Airlines Find Deal Sun, 7 Jan - Wed, 10 Jan 11:45 a.m. - 2:10 p.m.YEG-LAS 3h 25mdirect 2:55 p.m. - 7:20 p.m.LAS-YEG 3h 25mdirect C$ 119Flair Airlines Find Deal Wed, 7 Feb - Sun, 11 Feb 5:45 p.m. - 11:58 p.m.YEG-LAS 7h 13m1 stop 7:15 a.m. - 2:21 p.m.LAS-YEG 6h 06m1 stop C$ 194Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 5 Mar - Wed, 13 Mar 3:05 p.m. - 8:33 p.m.YEG-LAS 6h 28m1 stop 6:30 a.m. - 1:49 p.m.LAS-YEG 6h 19m1 stop C$ 200Air Canada Find Deal Mon, 5 Feb - Wed, 7 Feb 6:55 a.m. - 11:54 a.m.YEG-LAS 5h 59m1 stop 12:40 p.m. - 12:08 a.m.LAS-YEG 10h 28m2 stops C$ 201WestJet Find Deal Sun, 25 Feb - Wed, 28 Feb 5:15 p.m. - 7:20 p.m.YEG-LAS 3h 05mdirect 8:25 p.m. - 12:36 a.m.LAS-YEG 3h 11mdirect C$ 204WestJet Find Deal Thu, 11 Apr - Sun, 14 Apr 5:15 p.m. - 7:24 p.m.YEG-LAS 3h 09mdirect 8:25 p.m. - 12:35 a.m.LAS-YEG 3h 10mdirect C$ 285Delta Find Deal Sun, 18 Feb - Fri, 23 Feb 3:45 p.m. - 5:55 p.m.YEG-LAS 3h 10mdirect 6:40 p.m. - 10:50 p.m.LAS-YEG 3h 10mdirect C$ 313WorldTicket Find Deal Sun, 12 May - Sat, 18 May 4:20 p.m. - 12:20 a.m.YEG-LAS 9h 00m1 stop 6:05 a.m. - 12:05 a.m.LAS-YEG 17h 00m1 stop C$ 327Delta Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Thu, 14 Dec Show more results Flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Edmonton to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas is January, where tickets cost C$ 191 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are October and August, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 472 and C$ 452 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Edmonton to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Edmonton to Las Vegas, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 25 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Flair Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at C$ 107. KAYAK users also found Edmonton to Las Vegas round-trip flights on Flair Airlines from C$ 153 and on Air Canada from C$ 263. Which airlines fly direct between Edmonton and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Edmonton to Las Vegas. They are Flair Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest airline for this route is Flair Airlines, with the best deal found costing C$ 137. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Edmonton and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 2 nonstop flights that take off from Edmonton and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 3h 20m. The most common departure time is 11:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 6 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 33% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Edmonton and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Edmonton to Las Vegas take? Direct flights cover the 3,086 km separating Edmonton to Las Vegas in about 2h 59m. What’s the earliest departure time from Edmonton to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Edmonton at 9:00 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 11:08 am. What’s the latest departure time from Edmonton to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Edmonton to Las Vegas jets off at 5:15 pm and lands at 7:32 pm. Good to know Low season June High season May Cheapest flight C$ 107 Best time to beat the crowds (1% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (17% more expensive on average) Flight from Edmonton to Las Vegas When to book flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Edmonton to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas Where can I relax at YEG as I wait for my departure? YEG has a common-use Plaza Premium Lounge situated post-security where you can relax while waiting for your next connection. This family-friendly suite is accessible to any traveller regardless of airline or class, as long as they agree to pay for a day pass. The facility allows for the priority pass when going through security checks. Which airline has its hub at Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS)? Delta Airlines operates a hub at the Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS). Those travelling aboard this carrier use Terminal 1 and enjoy exclusive services. The airline’s Club, the Centurion Lounge, sits in Concourse D. Holders of American Express Platinum Card enjoy priority access. Also, you are likely to get multiple direct connections to other destinations. Are there any services for passengers with limited mobility at LAS upon arrival? Las Vegas McCarran International Airport is ADA-compliant and features essential amenities for the convenience of passengers with mobility limitations. For example, the white courtesy phones have a Visual Paging dial 'O', which displays the paging text on the flight information screens. Furthermore, basic amenities such as toilets and bathrooms are wheelchair accessible. Are there on-site hotels at LAS? If you are scheduled to touch down late at LAS, plan to book a room in one of the many hotels that sit close to this airport, such as Tru by Hilton Las Vegas Airport NV, and Homewood Suites by Hilton Las Vegas Airport. Typically, such establishments provide courtesy transportation to and from the airport, which is essential if you have many bags. Where do I rent a car at McCarran International Airport? All 11 car rental companies available at the airport are located at the McCarran Rent-A-Car Center, about 5 km from the airport’s terminals. These companies include Advantage, Alamo, Dollar, National, E-Z, Payless, Avis, Enterprise, Thrifty, Budget and Hertz. A free shuttle takes passengers from Terminal 3 to Rent-a-Car, departing from outside doors 51-54 on the west side or doors 55-58 on the east side. The McCarran Rent-a-Car Center is open 24h a day, all year long. Where do I go to catch the shuttle bus to my hotel at McCarran International Airport? All shuttle buses depart from outside Terminal 3, on level 0. Unless you booked this service with your hotel before travelling to Las Vegas, these shuttle buses typically stop at the biggest resorts and hotels in the city. For convenience, pre-book and pay for your trip online before arriving in Las Vegas. How long does it take to go from McCarran International Airport to the city centre? The famous Las Vegas Strip, the city's main street and most central location, is 7 km from McCarran International Airport. A nonstop trip by car takes close to 20min. Can I take a bus from McCarran International Airport to the city? The most direct bus route from the airport to the city, route 109, departs from Terminal 1. For passengers arriving in Terminal 3, take the free inter-terminal shuttle to catch the bus. Bus 109’s final stop is at the South Strip Transfer Terminal in Las Vegas. You can buy a ticket from the driver if you have the exact amount. If not, purchase the ticket from one of the vending machines in Terminal 1, on level 0. Credit and debit card payments are accepted at the machines if you don’t have the exact amount. A one-way ticket valid for two hours costs $6 (about C$ 8). Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Edmonton to Las Vegas? Air Canada, and WestJet offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Edmonton to Las Vegas flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Edmonton to Las Vegas? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Edmonton to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Edmonton and Las Vegas. On which days can I fly direct from Edmonton to Las Vegas? You can catch a direct flight from Edmonton to Las Vegas on on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas, Delta or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas are Delta and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 470 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 439 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Edmonton to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Edmonton is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Edmonton with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Edmonton to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Edmonton up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Edmonton to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 146 or less one-way and C$ 256 or less round-trip. Travellers commuting from Edmonton International Airport (YEG) to Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS) should know that several airlines along this route permit pets on board. Therefore, tag along with your furry friends, such as cats and dogs, when flying Delta, Air Canada, and multiple other airlines. Suppose you arrive at Edmonton International Airport (YEG) before your flight; you can take time and explore some attractions at this facility. Consider browsing the numerous art installations that define this port. For instance, you can spend some time at the Arts District Corridor between Gate 7 and 72. When your flight from Edmonton to Las Vegas lands at McCarran International Airport (LAS), you’ll be arriving at Terminal 3, the terminal building for international arrivals. If you’re planning on using a rideshare service to travel from the airport to the centre of Las Vegas, the pick-up spot is at the Terminal 3 parking area, on the valet level. At baggage claim, take the elevator to level 1 and then walk across the bridge to reach the garage. If you need to stretch your legs before leaving the airport after your flight from Edmonton to Las Vegas, try one of the mapped walking routes of the Fly Fit! Program. Walk a mile (approximately 1.6 km) or less on one of two paths in Terminal 3. The easiest way to travel from the airport to the city centre is by taking a taxi. Cabs are located on the east side of Terminal 3. A taxi ride costs, on average, $40 (about C$ 53). Please note that taxis are metred, but there is an initial fixed fee of $3.50 (around C$ 4.68) and an additional McCarran Airport fee of $2.45 (about C$ 3.27). For passengers travelling with children, Las Vegas airport has a Kids Play Area near the D Gates on level 2 of Terminal 3. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Edmonton to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Edmonton to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Edmonton to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +1 more Aeromexico,Delta, +2 more 1 Tuesday Aeromexico,Delta,KLM, +1 more Aeromexico,Delta, +2 more 1 Wednesday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +1 more Aeromexico,Delta, +2 more 1 Thursday Aeromexico,Delta,KLM, +1 more Aeromexico,Delta, +2 more 1 Friday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +1 more Aeromexico,Delta, +2 more 1 Sunday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +2 more Aeromexico,Delta, +3 more 1 2 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Edmonton Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +2 more Aeromexico,Delta, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Aeromexico,Delta,WestJet Aeromexico,Delta, +1 more Wednesday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +2 more Aeromexico,Delta, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Aeromexico,Delta,WestJet Aeromexico,Delta, +1 more Friday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +2 more Aeromexico,Delta, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +1 more Aeromexico,Delta, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Edmonton to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Edmonton to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Edmonton to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29973 reviews 88crew 85boarding 78entertainment 79food 85overall 82comfort Airline reviews Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport" Pros: "The snack was a whole sandwich that was quite tasty and in my opinion far better than the two meals I was served on my US to Europe flight on Condor. The staff were very kind, accommodating and served us damp linens to wipe our hands with before eating, which I did not receive on the Condor flight." Pros: "Overall, a great experience." Cons: "The flight attendants were excellent overall, but one of them reacted unprofessionally when I asked her to throw something away prior to departure. (I believe it was the first class flight attendant, as I did not interact with her again after take off)." Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Pros: "No hassle and easy boarding." Cons: "More room and limit on size of luggage in the overhead compartment." Pros: "The flight itself was as expected." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3+ hours with no reasoning shared with travelers. No compensation, complimentary beverage, etc. was provided." Cons: "Miss airline meals but realize this was a short flight. Everyone was great." Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "I didn’ ask for internet but i was charged$25 I don’t know what to name it !" Pros: "The entire experience of the flight was wonderful. The boarding, the crew, the drivers, the ride... just really all excellently well done. Great Flight!" Cons: "Those video.screens are.Super Bright. Like Crazy Super Bright." Pros: "Friendly staff" Cons: "No food offered but I usually don’t eat food but some passengers were asking about the food service" Pros: "The crew was extremely helpful and friendly!" Cons: "The seats, overall, could have been more comfortable... I have somewhat of a backache after my trip." Cons: "No ear plugs offered and my iPhone jack didn’t fit." Cons: "Delayed flight planning - would have been nice to delay the flight before boarding." Cons: "On board entertainment was inop, making for a long (4) hours flight." Cons: "Flight was delayed almost 3 hrs. Ran out of food right before my row. I upgraded my seat but feel I got the short end of the stick." Pros: "Just a great experience Delta is still above the rest excluding Hawaiian" Cons: "Cant think of anything" Cons: "After a delay of about an hour on a very full flight the gate agent asked for volunteers to check their rollaboard suitcases. The gate agents then allowed those who checked their rollaboards to board before Zone 1,which was fine. However, a bunch of people without gate check stickers on the rollaboards were also allowed to board before Zone 1, which was aggravating. There was a long delay on the tarmac, during which we had to pull back to the gate or to a maintenance area before we finally took off. When we arrived in Vegas there was no gate for us to pull into, which led to another long delay of an already long and delayed flight." Cons: "at last minute itinerary was changed.. instead of routing through Brisbane, was now routed through Sydney. Flight from Sydney to LAX was delayed by 4 hours, then missed flight LAX to LAS... overall long delayed arrival. Checked the route through Brisbane, and those flights we're all there, departed and landed all on-time... so wondering what the reason was for the change of the itinerary without a cause (no cancel or delayed flights through Brisbane)" Pros: "Departing" Cons: "More than 4.5 hrs in taxi waiting to take off. Due to “few rain” and after 3.5 hrs we needed to refuel when we were about FINALLY close to our turn for take off. Horrible service by DELTA. Never flying again with them" Pros: "This was a much bigger plane so my comfort lever was better." Pros: "The check-in process was very easy and friendly. The flight attendants seemed nicer than other airlines." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and helpful" Cons: "This was the first time in 37 years that I have flown so i had a little motion sickness but that has nothing to do with your crew or airline. This experience was very good thank you" Pros: "Unreal service by all WJ employees. Great service getting my 87 year old mom to and from everything." Pros: "Left early and arrived early" Cons: "Cabin was way too warm. Also not as much space on 737-700 as 737-800" Cons: "No explanation was given why flight left almost 2 hours late" Pros: "Crew was good" Cons: "I paid for a window seat, but there was no window. Contacted WestJet and they refused me a refund." Cons: "We landed in Phoenix and spent over an hour on the runway, when we did finally get a gate it didn’t work. The delays caused me to miss my ground transportation." Pros: "Check in was quick and easy. Boarding and flight was right on time!" Cons: "My tv was not working, landing was not smooth staff was rude specially Edward" Pros: "Overall an easy experience. Cheap!" Cons: "West jet has got to figure out a better way to board the plane- the "zone" model is a nightmare." Cons: "boarding, we were told the flight was overbooked and we would have to wait for another flight" Cons: "Airline is very unethical and need to be professional. I will never fly with them again ." Pros: "gooe friendly service. Flights were on time. Embraer 1900 performed well." Cons: "More English tranlation" Pros: "Seat was comfortable and the entertainment was good." Cons: "Honestly, almost everything was good. At the meal time, the flight attendants spilled a lot tomato sauce on my white sweater. Of course it was very uncomfortable, they apologized and try to clean the mess and my sweater, but obviously they couldn’t make it. It was very embarrassing for me. I had to take off my sweater and wear only my winter coat. I suggest they should be more careful." Cons: "Entertainment system stopped working 1/3 of the way into the 4 hr flight. Gate personnel at LAX were not ready for our arrival and it took an exceedingly long time to deplane. Initial beverage service was slow - didn't begin until 30-40 minutes after take off" Pros: "Everything was ok except the audio" Cons: "I could not use my earphones because the entry was blocked. You should get it fixed. Seat 23D" Pros: "I was afraid I my not be able to recline my chair but thankfully it worked, i was so much more confortable than the firts flight." Cons: "to much use of plastic for the food. The planet is full of plastic. By the year 2050 there will be more plastic than fish in the ocean. AEROMEXICO can do something about it, be part of the solution, just by changing the cups to paper cups and the forks,spoons and knifes to reusable ones." Cons: "I did not like that I was assigned a seat at the back bulkhead when there were several empty seats available)" Pros: "The staff at check-in were wonderful." Cons: "The upgrade to first class was $150 and definitely not worth it. I was disappointed in the experience and would not recommend. I was traveling with my mother to Mexico to celebrate her 60th birthday and was very excited to upgrade to kick off the celebration. We were offered a glass of water or orange juice after boarding; and when we requested a celebratory glass of champagne, we were denied. As in all other airlines first class participants are served anything they desire while the economy passengers board. It wasn’t until an hour into our flight that we were offered something again. At one point, I turned around and noticed that the first several rows of economy class already had their meals. Before first class. This is not something I would expect. I only fly economy class and was beyond excited to experience the first class amenities, only to feel extremely disappointed in the service by AeroMexico. At this time, I would like to request a refund on the upgrade." Pros: "The food is delicious" Cons: "4 hours after departure, a passenger from tourist cabin, came to the first class cabin, the crew realize about it, they laugh, and do nothing." Plane from Toronto to Minneapolis was small non working rear bathroom crowded plane Look this rating had nothing to do with the staffing on personal level they interacted professionally and with a friendly demeanor. However they canceled my first flight with short notice . Went from 7 hour trip to 13 hours . Then the boarding lady insisted that I check my carry on because it was a very small plane , I did check it , they lost it. Now with a carry on one puts all his stuff in , meds, expensive waterfowl calls and stika gear I hope when they find it all my stuff is there. Kayak you need to ask about entire experience not just the flight. Pros: "Air Canada is always a great travel experience." Cons: "The food is terrible. It's the worst I've had from any airline." Pros: "It appears that Air Canada is doing the correct thing for passengers who have reserved their seats in advance....after many years of not applying their written policy of making them board after business class/disabled passengers/passengers with young children, they have created Zone 2 boarding which permits passengers with reserved seating to board immediately after them, therefore guaranteeing them overhead bin space. As we all know, a lot of passengers board with much more than one carry-on, which is a plague when boarding." Pros: "Service was outstanding!" Cons: "The lunch was average at best. Comedy show selections were terrible (in my opinion). I miss the days of Curb Your Enthusiasm and Arrested Development." Pros: "Exit seating with more leg room." Cons: "No power plugs in a 4h+ flight is not acceptable. That should be standard for every passengers. Unclean seats. General abrasiveness from some of the staff." Cons: "Took an hour to de-ice. The snow was forecasted. I understand it's the airport operations, not airline, but there should be a better way." Pros: "Free soft drinks /tea On time nice staff Clean cabin well organized" Cons: "No free food Completely booked. no video monitors" Pros: "The extra $50 seats were roomy." Cons: "Flight was delayed and no one knew why!... Plane had been sitting ready at the airport for hours. Novice flight attendants, they each picked on different things others missed just before them. No consistency, seats left reclined during takeoff and landing for example. One way there was drink service once even though it was a smooth flight and the return had drink service twice even though it was bumpier! Entertainment does NOT work on androids, it is NOT the AirCanada app they tell you to download prior to the flight, it's an AirCanadaRouge.pk file that needs to be downloaded in flight! Which means we're stuck paying for the iPad and of course only with cc because there's no wifi for debit cards.... AC needs to stop this insanely mediocre and yet expensive monopoly." Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "Air Canada was a disaster on our vacation. Delays, re bookings, cancellations. Every thing was told to us as an excuse from the weather, flight attendant was running late, not staffed enough, need supplies on the plane, someone died, planes needing de-icing, planes too small, planes overbooked... you name it they said it! New York to Toronto, Toronto to Edmonton and return. Not one single flight was on time! We got put in a Hotel - only nice part of the trip - got Vouchers for $15 each - such a low amount!!! Didn't get our luggage with our clothes and amenities to use at the hotel - had to sleep in our plane clothes. Spend extra money we didn't have... it was awful! We will be staying away from Air Canada for awhile!" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 Aeromexico7.4 Air Canada7.1 Book cheap flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Edmonton to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 14/1Sun directFlair Airlines 3h 25mYEG-LAS C$ 79 Search 22/2Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 25mYEG-LAS C$ 90 Search 26/1Fri directFlair Airlines 3h 25mYEG-LAS C$ 101 Search 5/2Mon directFlair Airlines 3h 25mYEG-LAS C$ 112 Search 26/1Fri 1 stopAir Canada 7h 13mYEG-LAS C$ 119 Search 2/3Sat 1 stopAir Canada 6h 23mYEG-LAS C$ 120 Search 19/1Fri directWestJet 3h 21mYEG-LAS C$ 122 Search 14/1Sun 1 stopWestJet 5h 39mYEG-LAS C$ 123 Search 18/5Sat directWorldTicket 3h 10mYEG-LAS C$ 181 Search 22/5Wed 3 stopsUnited Airlines 14h 59mYEG-LAS C$ 719 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesAir CanadaWestJetWorldTicketUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 90 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 720 or less Last minute flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 3/12Sun directFlair Airlines 3h 25mYEG-LAS 8/12Fri directFlair Airlines 3h 25mLAS-YEG C$ 127 Search 3/12Sun directFlair Airlines 3h 25mYEG-LAS 6/12Wed directFlair Airlines 3h 25mLAS-YEG C$ 140 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 3h 17mYEG-LAS 15/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 17h 25mLAS-YEG C$ 343 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopWestJet 24h 20mYEG-LAS 5/12Tue directWestJet 3h 17mLAS-YEG C$ 377 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 7h 13mYEG-LAS 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 12h 54mLAS-YEG C$ 451 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 5h 59mYEG-LAS 6/12Wed multi-stopAir Canada 12h 54mLAS-YEG C$ 457 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopDelta 8h 54mYEG-LAS 7/12Thu multi-stopDelta 17h 00mLAS-YEG C$ 473 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopDelta 8h 54mYEG-LAS 7/12Thu multi-stopDelta 17h 00mLAS-YEG C$ 493 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 21mYEG-LAS 14/12Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 20h 17mLAS-YEG C$ 943 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 21mYEG-LAS 9/12Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 20h 17mLAS-YEG C$ 968 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesWestJetAir CanadaDeltaUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 140 or lessC$ 380 or lessC$ 460 or lessC$ 490 or lessC$ 970 or less Edmonton - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Edmonton (YEG)Canada Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Edmonton Cabin classes: First Class flights to Las Vegas Business Class flights to Las Vegas C$ 1,027 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas C$ 164 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Alberta » Edmonton C$ 152Flights from Edmonton to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas C$ 152Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Edmonton. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Las Vegas from Edmonton. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.