Cheap Flights from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle from C$ 464 | (YOW - CDG) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YOW - CDG Find cheap flights from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from C$ 464 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 22/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from Ottawa to Charles de Gaulle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Ottawa to Charles de Gaulle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:45 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YOW-CDG 8h 35m1 stop 9:30 a.m. - 9:22 p.m.CDG-YOW 17h 52m2 stops C$ 443Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 2 Feb - Sun, 18 Feb 5:15 p.m. - 6:05 a.m.YOW-CDG 6h 50mdirect 1:10 p.m. - 3:05 p.m.CDG-YOW 7h 55mdirect C$ 445Air France Find Deal Mon, 12 Feb - Sat, 17 Feb 7:45 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YOW-CDG 8h 35m1 stop 2:00 p.m. - 9:12 p.m.CDG-YOW 13h 12m2 stops C$ 446Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 6:20 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YOW-CDG 10h 00m1 stop 2:00 p.m. - 7:04 p.m.CDG-YOW 11h 04m1 stop C$ 447 Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Sun, 4 Feb 6:20 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YOW-CDG 10h 00m1 stop 6:10 a.m. - 6:15 p.m.CDG-YOW 18h 05m2 stops C$ 452Lufthansa Find Deal Tue, 6 Feb - Fri, 16 Feb 6:20 p.m. - 7:20 a.m.YOW-CDG 31h 00m1 stop 9:35 a.m. - 7:15 p.m.CDG-YOW 15h 40m2 stops C$ 453Lufthansa Find Deal Sat, 24 Feb - Fri, 1 Mar 5:15 p.m. - 6:05 a.m.YOW-CDG 6h 50mdirect 1:10 p.m. - 3:05 p.m.CDG-YOW 7h 55mdirect C$ 480Air France Find Deal Thu, 22 Feb - Sat, 9 Mar 5:13 p.m. - 6:55 a.m.YOW-CDG 31h 42m2 stops 12:55 p.m. - 5:04 p.m.CDG-YOW 34h 09m2 stops C$ 497United Airlines Find Deal Sat, 24 Feb - Fri, 1 Mar 1:20 p.m. - 7:25 a.m.YOW-CDG 12h 05m1 stop 12:00 p.m. - 9:28 p.m.CDG-YOW 39h 28m2 stops C$ 498United Airlines Find Deal Mon, 5 Feb - Fri, 9 Feb 1:25 p.m. - 6:50 p.m.YOW-CDG 24h 25m3 stops 8:10 p.m. - 5:15 p.m.CDG-YOW 27h 05m3 stops C$ 837Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Tue, 26 Mar - Thu, 4 Apr Show more results Flights from Ottawa to Charles de Gaulle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Ottawa to Charles de Gaulle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is November, where tickets cost C$ 861 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and August, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 1,485 and C$ 1,274 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 88 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Ottawa were found on WestJet (C$ 464) and Lufthansa (C$ 706), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Air Canada (C$ 601) and Air France (C$ 604). Which airlines fly direct between Ottawa and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. There is just one airline that flies from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport direct and that is Air France. The best one-way deal found from Air France for the route is C$ 599. How many flights are there between Ottawa and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Ottawa and lands in Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, with an average flight time of 6h 50m. The most common departure time is 5:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 5 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Ottawa and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport take? Direct flights from Ottawa generally make it to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport in 6h 50m. The flying distance between the two cities is 9,099 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Ottawa at 5:15 pm and will be landing in Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport at 6:05 am. What’s the latest departure time from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport jets off at 5:15 pm and lands at 6:05 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight C$ 464 Best time to beat the crowds (16% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (37% more expensive on average) Flight from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from Ottawa to Charles de Gaulle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Ottawa to Charles de Gaulle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flights Which airports will I be using when flying from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Ottawa and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Ottawa from Ottawa and will be arriving at Paris Charles de Gaulle. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Only Air France offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Ottawa and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. On which days can I fly direct from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? You can catch a direct flight from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from Ottawa to Paris, Lufthansa or Scandinavian Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Ottawa to Paris are Lufthansa and Scandinavian Airlines. With an average price for the route of C$ 1,064 and an overall rating of 7.8, Lufthansa is the most popular choice. Scandinavian Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 1,273 and an overall rating of 7.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Ottawa is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport with an airline and back to Ottawa with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Ottawa up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Ottawa to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 948 or less one-way and C$ 902 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle? Find which airlines fly direct from Ottawa to Charles de Gaulle, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Search flights Monday Air France,KLM,Virgin Atlantic Air France,KLM, +1 more Tuesday Air France,KLM,Virgin Atlantic Air France,KLM, +1 more Thursday Air France,KLM,Virgin Atlantic Air France,KLM, +1 more Saturday Air France,KLM,Virgin Atlantic Air France,KLM, +1 more Sunday Air France,KLM,Virgin Atlantic Air France,KLM, +1 more See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Paris Charles de Gaulle to Ottawa Search flights Monday Air France,KLM,Virgin Atlantic Air France,KLM, +1 more Tuesday Air France,KLM,Virgin Atlantic Air France,KLM, +1 more Thursday Air France,KLM,Virgin Atlantic Air France,KLM, +1 more Saturday Air France,KLM,Virgin Atlantic Air France,KLM, +1 more Sunday Air France,KLM,Virgin Atlantic Air France,KLM, +1 more See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Ottawa to Charles de Gaulle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Ottawa to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Ottawa to Charles de Gaulle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9112 reviews 79food 86crew 77entertainment 78comfort 82overall 82boarding Airline reviews Hi. You canceled my trip and now you are asking me for review? Check my trip record and you will have my review. Call your customer service and you will have the answer. This was the worst experience in my life. Sorry for you.Read more about SWISS Hi. You canceled my trip and now you are asking me for review? Check my trip record and you will have my review. Call your customer service and you will have the answer. This was the worst experience in my life. Sorry for you. Pros: "it was ok." Cons: "Crew allowed passengers in with no masks. Why do they write a boarding time on a pass? They started 15 min later. Then, "be fast, be fast, we are behind". Plane departed 20 min late." Pros: "I was fortunate the person in front didn’t lean back" Cons: "On Swiss website I added Rehe preference for a lactose free meal — but none were on the plane. The economy seats are close enough together I needed to hold my book to the side to read." Cons: "Better entertainment for an 8 hour flight. Take under consideration that tall guys can’t be squeezed in for 8 hours.Give some space to people who really need it" Pros: "On time! Courteous. Free meal! Even on flight less than 2 hours!" Cons: "All good!" Pros: "The crew were personable and the chocolate that was offered near the end of the flight was a nice touch." Cons: "Cramped, cramped, cramped!!!!! The seat pitch was just so uncomfortably short so much so that when the person in front of me reclined his seat, the TV screen was a mere 1-2 feet away from my face making it impossible to watch anything without getting crossed eyed or a headache. This unfortunate situation has influenced this review greatly particularly because this wasn’t a 2 hour flight but a long haul one." Pros: "the premium economy section was very pleasant, well worth the $150 upgrade price. Though they should have included priority boarding." Cons: "One hour delay in boarding, two hours sitting on the tarmac due to cargo loading and overweight issues. No notices, very poor communication." Pros: "The Plane was modern, they had food / drinks for us, and overall the flight experience was excellent." Cons: "Extremely crowded no place to wait, Split Airport has too many planes coming in/out and not much space for passengers." Pros: "Helpful staff and pleasant easy flight." Cons: "I don’t appreciate the bar being set so high, because now other flights will seem sub-par" Pros: "Everything was excellent from boarding with almost no delays to the service on board. We would definitely travel with swiss again" The experience was as expected…. “Nothing to write home about “ It was a short connecting flight, so some things like food and entertainment were not important. The flight successfully got me to the long flight that followed. Never happened. Lufthansa canceled numerous flights. Had to stand in line at Frankfurt Airport for 6 1/2 hours to rebook. Had to bypass Paris. So, my main complaint about this flight was the boarding process. I was transferring from a flight from India, so had to get some passport checks done before boarding. Unlike other airlines, Lufthansa tried to do the check as part of boarding, greatly slowing down the process. They should have instead, did the passport check earlier, before boarding. Next, we had to take buses to the tarmac to get on the plane. Unfortunately, I witnessed a handicapped person have to walk up the stairs on get into the plane. They had no lift available. This is inexcusable. Also, bussing folks to the plane developed a 45 minute delay, which caused me to miss my connecting flight in Chicago. I have no complaints about the flight itself, except that this was a 747-8 and the entertainment system was dated, which, given they planes are being phased out, will likely not be updated. The staff on the flight was excellent. Fast boarding, great entertainment on board, lots of updates from the capitan during the trip, no lost luggage issues Cons: "There were a couple of flight delays. Other that that, I love Lufthansa." Pros: "Crew" Cons: "We were delayed thirty minutes due to slow service. Zero entertainment and only a brownie for a snack" Pros: "Comfortable seats, adequate legroom; clean aircraft, polite and professional crew." Cons: "Super crowded gate -- but that's more the CDG problem than Norwegian's one." Pros: "The crew on-board was nicer this time" Cons: "Had wait in line for more than 1.5 hours to check in (no self-serve kiosk) and then conform to the 10kg carry-on (both backpack and suitcase) rule which didn't happen on the first flight. The staff are rude and unhelpful and the whole process of dealing with Norwegian is confusing." Cons: "Lufthansa’s needs to get their staffing act together. It took 1 1/4 hrs to check in due to insufficient staff & then once on board the flight it was announced there was no food available due to staffing shortages" Long delay die to pet mix up. Also bags took forever to get to carousel Pros: "Crew did the best they could under the conditions" Cons: "There was a broken toilet that was very loud and created long line ups because economy only had use of the 1 bathroom while the first class had 2 bathrooms for so few people" Cons: "Flight experience was the way air travel use to be." Pros: "Crew and staff at gate fantastic. Accommodated me sitting with partner on both legs (booked flights separately)." Cons: "Flight was delayed. Always tough late at night." Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy" Pros: "All westjet workers are amazing. Starting from the people at the front desk, the crews on the plan and the people that give direction." Pros: "Good crew and on time departure" Cons: "Overnight flight. How nice it would have been to have blanket and pillows as provided by some airlines ." Pros: "The attendant didn’t take any chance on rainy whether condition and got me on an earlyer flight to make sure I wasn’t goinig to miss my connections flights. It worked out perfectly." Cons: "Everything was perfect. Thank you" Cons: "Delays left us in the plane for almost 1 1/2 hours before leaving Toronto." Pros: "Good price for long haul destination. Efficient check-in and boarding process. Decent leg room for a budget airline." Cons: "Food choice a bit limited - especially the free offering. In-flight entertainment is only available from the WestJet app to view on your own device - you need to know this before you board - otherwise you are not able to access any of the movies etc." It didn't happen. SAS csncrlled and it was very difficult to convince the 3rd party they did. Not good on the 3rd party program. I don't think they trust their customers, much less being able to help them. I have had several nitemaes using 3rd party this trip and WILL NEVER use 3rd party again. Food was good. Flight attendants were friendly and helpful. We felt that a lot of the movies on board were old movies. Pros: "Amazing crew, fast boarding." Cons: "Uninspired food. I was served the same meals 30 years ago." Pros: "The onboarding process was awesome! The rest was mediocre at best. The cabin was friendly but not helpful. They had weird policies which we have never heard or seen elswhere. The flight had huge screens that won't turn off, it was freezing cold and the crew had no idea how to help." Cons: "More knowledgeable crew and maybe more crew members, as there were too few and the service took more than 2 hours to complete. Never seen that happen on a 7 hour flight." Pros: "I had a middle row of seats that I was able to stretch out in and sleep." Cons: "Better Food Choices...not everyone likes cheese!!!" Pros: "service was great flight was on time luggage came on time" Pros: "Nothing, SAD were so incredibly cruel and nasty and even laughed at us after we got stranded in Copenhagen. 40 hours of traveling, 2 small children, and the sas ticket people laughed at us and refused to help us, even after we agreed to pay THREE TIMES our original fair." Cons: "Rude crew, and apparently now you only get one free nonalcoholic drink in Economy for an 8 hour flight." Pros: "Alot of room for legs, good hp service" Cons: "No snack with beverage before dinner, no choice of food , On connecting flight Kopenhagen-Krakow only Coffee/tea, no snack again, for passenger going over see very poor !!!!" Cons: "Charged 70 Euros for one bag. Expected to pay something but thought that was a bit much. Plane could've been more neat." Cons: "I not get to go my flight, I couldn't get reimbursement" Pros: "Spacious business class seats, excellent meals" Cons: "Lack of ventilation in cabin, and staff refusal to turn heaters down (in September), very limited entertainment options." Pros: "The Delta flight service was much better than the Air France flight I took on the previous leg." Pros: "It was very comfortable and pleasant." Cons: "Could be a little better the service, the dinner was late" Pros: "The schedule and timing" Cons: "The airport, some of the crew, the aircraft seats, the entertainment system" Cons: "Plane is old and entertainment facilities are no longer appropriate" Pros: "Most of the crew tired especially hard to keep everyone comfortable and safe. The food was absolutely amazing." Cons: "Other members of the crew were snarky to passengers and dismissive of questions from passengers during the early stages of the delay. We were all trapped on board for about 4 or so hours without much communication from the crew or captain which made me very anxious. We arrived 5 hrs late and it put my whole trip in jeopardy. Based on this experience, I eont be inclined to use this airline again for future trip planning. This airline will need to work hard to earn my trust back because i felt physically and emotionally unsafe throughout the experience, many times." Cons: "10 minutes late to the airport....... No help, no refund, no nothing. Never using you again" Cons: "No space for legs. No food (just snacks). Very high temperature inside the aircraft. Flight delayed by 45 minutes." Cons: "Entertainment screen did not work; in neighboring seat it could not be switched off when we wanted to sleep; sourly employees everywhere (re-booking counter an exception); food close not being edible and cold; I forgot my watch on when going through security in the Air France terminal; when I started to say "sorry" I was yelled at by the screener who said that she will do the talking; she sent me back through the scanner twice without my watch, then once more with the carry-on and made sure that I went to the end of a very long line to wait for another screening rather than having me just go through the scanner without my watch. Needless to say, there was nothing else suspicious about me once the watch was removed. Eager to exercise her power, the security person did not seem to consider that she slowed down a long line of people waiting to be screened. I should add that I am 73 yrs old grey haired female who has traveled a lot both for pleasure and business during my entire life, often to some difficult places and that I do not argue with or provoke those in power in a situation like this. The yelling and the sending me repeatedly through the scanner, which did not beep once the watch was removed, was beyond anything I had experienced anywhere else. The sending me to the very end of the line seemed outright spiteful. (I did miss the plane connection.)" SWISS8.0 Lufthansa7.8 WestJet7.7 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Air France7.4 Book cheap flights from Ottawa to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Ottawa to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 22/1Mon 2 stopsWestJet 40h 57mYOW-CDG C$ 342 Search 1/2Thu 2 stops 20h 56mYOW-CDG C$ 373 Search 22/1Mon 1 stopLufthansa 10h 00mYOW-CDG C$ 520 Search 22/1Mon directAir France 6h 50mYOW-CDG C$ 529 Search 2/1Tue 1 stopLufthansa 10h 00mYOW-CDG C$ 531 Search 26/12Tue 2 stopsAir Canada 18h 20mYOW-CDG C$ 558 Search 27/12Wed 2 stopsAir Canada 18h 20mYOW-CDG C$ 559 Search 25/12Mon 2 stopsSWISS 22h 15mYOW-CDG C$ 592 Search 24/12Sun 2 stopsSWISS 22h 20mYOW-CDG C$ 596 Search 5/12Tue directAir France 6h 50mYOW-CDG C$ 5,430 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetLufthansaAir FranceAir CanadaSWISS Search by priceC$ 370 or lessC$ 530 or lessC$ 560 or lessC$ 590 or lessC$ 5,430 or less Last minute flights from Ottawa to Charles de Gaulle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Ottawa to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue directAir France 6h 50mYOW-CDG 10/12Sun directAir France 7h 55mCDG-YOW C$ 446 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 8h 35mYOW-CDG 10/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 25h 04mCDG-YOW C$ 467 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 9h 55mYOW-CDG 12/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 13h 12mCDG-YOW C$ 839 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 9h 55mYOW-CDG 12/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 11h 10mCDG-YOW C$ 845 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopLufthansa 9h 55mYOW-CDG 14/12Thu multi-stopLufthansa 11h 19mCDG-YOW C$ 1,127 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopLufthansa 9h 55mYOW-CDG 11/12Mon multi-stopLufthansa 11h 19mCDG-YOW C$ 1,151 Search 4/12Mon directAir France 6h 50mYOW-CDG 11/12Mon directAir France 7h 55mCDG-YOW C$ 1,169 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopWestJet 24h 12mYOW-CDG 11/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 39h 55mCDG-YOW C$ 1,224 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopWestJet 24h 12mYOW-CDG 11/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 39h 55mCDG-YOW C$ 1,273 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 15h 00mYOW-CDG 6/12Wed multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 32h 04mCDG-YOW C$ 6,063 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir FranceAir CanadaLufthansaWestJetScandinavian Airlines Search by priceC$ 470 or lessC$ 850 or lessC$ 1,150 or lessC$ 1,220 or lessC$ 6,060 or less Ottawa - Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Flights Departure: Ottawa (YOW)Canada Destination: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)France Return flight deals: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport - Ottawa Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris C$ 2,929 Business Class flights to Paris C$ 1,823 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris C$ 799 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Ottawa C$ 588Flights from Ottawa to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris » Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport C$ 588Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Halifax Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Victoria Flights to Kelowna Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Ottawa. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Ottawa. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.