Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to Fort Lauderdale from $27 | (ORD - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ORD - FLL Find cheap flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale from $27 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/27. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from O'Hare Intl to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from O'Hare Intl to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:25 pm - 12:38 amORD-FLL 3h 13mnonstop 2:14 pm - 4:40 pmFLL-ORD 3h 26mnonstop $66Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Wed, Jan 24 8:25 pm - 12:38 amORD-FLL 3h 13mnonstop 8:30 pm - 10:57 pmFLL-ORD 3h 27mnonstop $67Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Sat, Feb 3 8:25 pm - 12:38 amORD-FLL 3h 13mnonstop 1:13 pm - 3:39 pmFLL-ORD 3h 26mnonstop $68Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Tue, Jan 23 5:05 am - 9:18 amORD-FLL 3h 13mnonstop 9:27 pm - 8:39 amFLL-ORD 12h 12m1 stop $69Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 23 8:25 pm - 12:38 amORD-FLL 3h 13mnonstop 7:29 am - 9:52 amFLL-ORD 3h 23mnonstop $70Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Mon, Jan 22 5:12 am - 9:21 amORD-FLL 3h 09mnonstop 1:13 pm - 3:39 pmFLL-ORD 3h 26mnonstop $72Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Feb 5 - Wed, Feb 7 5:05 am - 9:18 amORD-FLL 3h 13mnonstop 7:31 pm - 9:56 pmFLL-ORD 3h 25mnonstop $73Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Thu, Dec 21 7:14 pm - 11:30 pmORD-FLL 3h 16mnonstop 7:20 am - 9:43 amFLL-ORD 3h 23mnonstop $74Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Tue, Jan 9 6:17 pm - 12:34 amORD-FLL 5h 17m1 stop 10:19 pm - 7:32 amFLL-ORD 10h 13m1 stop $78Frontier Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Sat, Jan 13 9:31 pm - 4:37 pmORD-FLL 18h 06m1 stop 7:29 am - 9:52 amFLL-ORD 3h 23mnonstop $88 Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Mon, Feb 5 Show more results Flights from O'Hare Intl to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from O'Hare Intl to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale is September, where tickets cost $151 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is $337 and $300 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 41 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK was with Spirit Airlines for $27. Spirit Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $66 and Frontier from $78. Which airlines fly most frequently between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Fort Lauderdale? Spirit Airlines connects Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale with up to 4 flights per day. United Airlines also offers 4 flights per day, while American Airlines follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale. They are: American Airlines, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $74 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Fort Lauderdale per day? Each day, there are between 7 and 11 nonstop flights that take off from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and land in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 3h 11m. The most common departure time is 7:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 64 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale take? Direct flights take on average 2h 57m to travel the 1,183 miles between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Fort Lauderdale. What’s the earliest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport at 5:05 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 9:18 am. What’s the latest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 7:59 pm and lands at 12:15 am. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $27 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 37% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 43% increase in price. Flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from O'Hare Intl to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from O'Hare Intl to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale flights Is it possible to get to Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport using public transportation? Chicago’s public transport system allows for easy access to O’Hare International Airport. The most economical option would be using Chicago Transit Authority’s provided train and bus services. The Blue line offers scheduled arriving and departing trains making it the most efficient, as well as the most affordable option. You can purchase train fare using either a credit card or cash at vending machines outside the station. Is parking available at O’Hare International Airport? The airport offers a variety of parking options, including daily, long-term, and valet parking. The main garages are located outside Lots B and C adjacent to domestic terminals and provide valet, hourly, and daily parking. Economy Lots F, G, and H are located along Bessie Coleman Drive. The airport also provides electric vehicle charging. How far is Fort Lauderdale Airport from downtown Miami? Fort Lauderdale Airport is located 21 miles north of Miami and is the third busiest airport in Florida. The transportation options from Fort Lauderdale Airport to Miami include bus, train, private shuttle, taxi, or car rental. The fastest and most comfortable option is either a taxi or the Fort Lauderdale private shuttle. The cheapest option is the free airport shuttle combined with a bus to Miami. What accessibility services are available at O’Hare International Airport? Airlines at O’Hare International Airport provide wheelchair assistance to passengers with reduced mobility to assist in traveling between terminals and gates. Please get into contact with your airline provider to make reservations for wheelchair services before traveling. The airport provides restrooms for persons with disabilities and braille and raised numerals on all elevators in terminals. Are there any hotels available within O’Hare International Airport? The Hilton Chicago O’Hare Airport Hotel is located within the airport directly across Terminals 1, 2, and 3. This makes it easily accessible to the international terminal using the Airport Transit System and domestic terminals via the airport’s underground walkways. Passengers are also allowed to use the hotel’s health club facilities to shower and freshen up for a fee. Do I need a passport to fly between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Fort Lauderdale? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale? American Airlines, JetBlue, Delta, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale? The Airbus A321neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Fort Lauderdale, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale? There are nonstop flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Chicago to Fort Lauderdale, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Chicago to Fort Lauderdale are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $490 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $374 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from Chicago O'Hare Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to Chicago O'Hare Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and FLL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from Chicago O'Hare Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ORD to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $88 or less one-way and $161 or less round-trip. Both O’Hare International and Fort Lauderdale International airports have a variety of lounges to refresh and relax. O’Hare International Airport has its lounges grouped according to domestic and international terminals. When traveling from O’Hare International Airport, be ready for the high traffic as it is Chicago’s main airport and has over 1,000 daily direct flights. O’Hare International Airport (ORD) is a pet-friendly environment and offers six relief areas for pets. The outside areas are located on the lower levels of Terminals 1, 2, and 5, while the inside relief areas are both inside Terminal 3. O’Hare International Airport provides mother’s rooms for nursing mothers. They are located on all terminals and at the multi-modal facility on the North and South side. Lactation pods are also available within the airport at Terminals 1, 2, and 3. Traveling from Fort Lauderdale International Airport (FLL) into the city is easy using the Broward County Transit buses, Tri-Rail buses, taxis, and car rentals. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Chicago O'Hare Intl to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from O'Hare Intl to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Chicago O'Hare Intl to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +6 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +7 more 5 6 Tuesday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +6 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +7 more 5 6 Wednesday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +6 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +7 more 5 6 Thursday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +6 more 4 5 Friday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +6 more 4 5 Saturday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to Chicago O'Hare Intl Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +8 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +8 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +8 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +8 more 6 7 Friday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +8 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Air Canada, Air New Zealand, American Airlines, +8 more Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Chicago to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 86overall 80entertainment 87boarding 78food 84comfort 90crew Airline reviews Pros: "It was on time" Cons: "I thought the joking of one of the flight attendants went to far" Pros: "It was on time" Cons: "I thought the joking of one of the flight attendants went to far" Pros: "The amazing crew." Cons: "Stop cramping so many people on the plane and give extra legroom" Cons: "Flight was delayed and loud large family group was disruptive to other passengers." Pros: "Affordability was the strongest motivator in choosing Southwest." Cons: "I hate that you have to pay extra for the opportunity to sit together with fellow travelers." Pros: "The crew was really friendly and wanted to ensure you were comfortable." Pros: "Very smooth, quick flight. Very attentive, friendly flight attendants. Overall great experience!" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "TSA precheck made it easy, no long lines, and everyone was very accommodating" Pros: "Very sad experience" Cons: "The boarding in FLL was a mess. The gate attendant was terrible and did not oversee the boarding. result was overage of cabin baggage. During the process of boarding, one passenger was apparently injured due to a falling article from the bin caused by an incessant and non contained effort that went on for some 5 minutes of a passenger trying to JAM a bag into a space. No Flight attendant intervened. The flight was delayed for 1.5 hours because of the injury (minor and a bit overdrawn) which resulted in waiting for medical attention at FLL. The entire flight was held. The pilot and the flight attendants did not address the issue and resulted in just sitting on the plane with little or no explanation. Clearly there was a liability concern by SWA, as they had a ground supervisor enter the plane and realign baggage in the bids. The Flight attendants were very short and non courteous to passengers. The pilot was not present a exit of the plane.. We were terribly delayed and it was due to mismanagement by the flight attendants and the ground crew. The in flight service was horrid. Someone needs to look into this." Cons: "On flight WiFi didn’t work. It was a minor inconvenience." Pros: "Friendly crew" Cons: "Little legroom and the flight was delayed could connect to the wifi" Pros: "Timing of the flight was always good. Efficient flying. Crew was super helpful too even when passengers were a bit too much." Pros: "Even though I was in Group C, I was one of the first to board (Groups A, B, and C were called to board all at once). Since the gate agent said the flight was full and there would be limited space for carry-on bags, being one of the first on the plane was nice. The leg room (I'm 6'2") was good." Cons: "The crew only did one pass through the cabin with soft drinks. Perhaps because it was a red-eye? Anyway, on a nearly 5 hour flight, I would have liked more than one small cup of refreshment." Pros: "The crew did very well. The seats could have been a little more comfortable, the lumbar could have been a bit more stiff for lower back support, the arm rest up and down function did not work, and a little more space between rows and seats would have made it more comfortable." Cons: "The seats could have been a little more comfortable, the lumbar could have been a bit more stiff for lower back support, the arm rest up and down function did not work, and a little more space between rows and seats would have made it more comfortable. The bathroom was too narrow." Pros: "The Crew from check in to flight was amazing! Service with a Big huge smile." Cons: "Nothing to dislike." Cons: "Delayed. Flue season folks. If your sick just don’t travel!" Pros: "I missed my initial flight to Portland and people with Alaska immediately booked me for the next flight out. It was incredibly reassuring to have their help and patience. Even when there was a mixup with seating, the stewardesses took care of me and made sure I had a seat. Thank you Alaska, you made it right." Pros: "Had the chance to watch interactions with boarding attendants and other passengers and flight crew. Was always very informative and friendly to passengers, flight crew and ground crew and always seemed informed on what was going on. Flight was great and stewardess' were super friendly and helpful." Cons: "N/A" Cons: "Auxiliary generator broken so plan got hot very quickly. Flight was 2.5 hrs delayed due to another mechanical failure. And then once we were in air they generously notified us that the WiFi was broken. Utter garbage." Pros: "Seats, movie selection, drinks" Cons: "No headphones available both ways and my AirPods don’t work with system. Flight attendants this leg were not so friendly." Pros: "I love Virgin America and was surprised I was getting on one of their planes. I later found out Alaska bought VA out. The moon lighting and easy access to food/drink choices on touch screen is a plus." Pros: "The crew was good, and they tried to make up for the delay with a gift certificate" Cons: "More than three hours of delay because there was no crew assigned to that flight" Cons: "Everything could have been better. Flight delayed 3 hours due to JetBlue schedule mismanagement. No consideration for elderly when we had to change gates across airport. Poor communication on flight updates. And then as a perk to make up for delays, tried to sell us a credit card. Just Awful." Pros: "Crew was kind and very helpful. Also, I found the seats to be comfortable and didn’t feel squished. There was plenty of leg room. Great experience overall. Thank you!" Cons: "Absolutely nothing! Was a fantastic experience!!!!" Pros: "Loved the roomy seats" Cons: "Sound system was low quality. Hard to here the movie." Pros: "Nice plane, amenities" Cons: "Better information about perpetual delays - honesty about delay. Information to respond appropriately." Pros: "All fine except that entertainment was curtailed becasue of flying to Cuba" Pros: "Jet blue was on time and there's plenty of snacks" Pros: "Crew was nice and the flight was fine" Cons: "I was quite shocked that the seat I had originally been put in the head phone jack and The Wholearea where the channel changes was falling apart. I was able to switch seats due to flight being not full but that would be annoying. I also was weirded out that they did not ha e touch screens. In general the plane just seemed old and dirty to me." Pros: "More leg room Affordable prices Snacks dunkin donut coffee Pleasant flight attendant Punctuality" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "How easy it was to board" Cons: "When I asked if there was any chance I could sit with my family they were nice enough to change are setting. Just a thought if the setting is random when you check in for your flight somewhere the computer should at least work with putting the last names together just a thought." Pros: "Kosher snacks! Thank you. Screens and outlets at every seat. Safe, controlled Covid protocols including de-boarding. Excellent!" Pros: "Delta flight took extra precaution to keep all passengers safe before during and after the flight. They communicate effectively during the flight. I will be flying Delta again and again." Cons: "The trip was great" Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Cons: "Passengers should have the option to ask for additional snacks." Pros: "Crew was nice and welcoming" Cons: "Well, if our plane had been leaving on time it would've been superb." Cons: "Had to collect & re check luggage between flights. Couldn't they have been transferred to the next aircraft?" Pros: "N/A" Cons: "Chinese Eastern did not try to help and solve my problem." Pros: "We had purchased economy tickets and got assigned seats that were not next to each other. As we were boarding the ticket person gave us a new seat assignment closer to the front and next to each other – we really appreciated and liked it. Makes me want to fly Delta again!" Cons: "we began the boarding process late, which can be understandable, although the plane was there pretty early. Once the boarding began, someone, I presume the gate agent, essentially gave a countdown to hhow many minutes were left until the flight could have an "on time departure". I travel nearly every week so I value being on time. However, a minute by minute call to hurry up on a flight that was sold out was over the top. There was mumbling among the passengers, to the point of someone joking "Free cookies and water if we make it on time?" Just a bad gate experience, but bad enough that peopoe were commenting, and I waited for someone from the cockpit to del\part so I could mention it to them." Pros: "Chairs was comfortable" Cons: "I had a kid kicking my chair the whole flight." Pros: "The entertainment was great surprise and the crew helpful in getting everyone connected." Cons: "Boarding! Other airlines are boarding from the back to the front. Absolutely no social distancing on this flight...by the time I was called to board, proceed to the back of the plane the others in my row had to get up & move so I could get to my window seat. In a world of technology, boarding can be done more efficiently." Pros: "One helpful person at baggage check." Cons: "We arrived early at recommended time. The line was so long that by the time our family of 6 reached the front, they had put us on standby for 8 hours later, then that flight was delayed. SunCountry owes me not only what I paid for tickets, but also for my PTO used, my spouse’s PTO and the expenses incurred which include food and the UBer because the car rental will be closed by the time we arrive. This may include the extra expense now of a hotel night at our destination. I could not be more disgusted." Pros: "Onboarding was easy and smooth. The plane was clean and the seats were comfortable. WiFi easily connected, too. Much better than expected for a budget airline." Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "Nothing. Delayed for 4 hours. No time change updates were ever provided at the airport. No communications provided as to why our flight was delayed. No other options given. No food or drink vouchers given & of course, no discounts provided for future travel. Not that would EVER fly Sun Country again" Cons: "Communication and updates. At the very least, food and drink vouchers. 4 hours is a LONG time to be delayed. Extra points had the airline reimbursed their $40 ONE WAY bag fee regardless whether it’s a carry on or checked luggage." Cons: "Less time on the tarmac. Spent at least 40 min, 20 each side just sitting." Cons: "It was delayed 3 hours due to rain that lasted about 30 minutes" Pros: "I got to change my seat" Cons: "The flight attendants were rude. Our flight was delayed and we were not updated nor given a reason as to why." Pros: "Vary accommodating assume with my service animal" Cons: "The wait time it took to get to a specialist to answer my call for my service animal to board my flight The specialist was very helpful and very good to me though" Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable, but luckily we had an exit row so we had extra leg room. An entertainment station would be appreciated. There was a 3 hour delay due to technical difficulties, which was frustrating, but nothing could be done about it." Cons: "Crew could have been slightly friendlier and more willing to help." Pros: "Crew was awesome! Clean plane, I’m 6’4” and the 20 dollar seat option was great for leg room. Snacks for purchase." Cons: "Ran a few minutes behind. It was all good, no complaints" Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 Book cheap flights from Chicago to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Chicago to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/27Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 14mORD-FLL $27 Search 1/11Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 13mORD-FLL $29 Search 2/26Mon 1 stopFrontier 9h 13mORD-FLL $50 Search 2/9Fri 1 stopFrontier 18h 06mORD-FLL $57 Search 2/15Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 50mORD-FLL $108 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopDelta 4h 34mORD-FLL $144 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopDelta 5h 37mORD-FLL $147 Search 12/17Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 01mORD-FLL $149 Search 12/7Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 08mORD-FLL $189 Search 1/11Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 12h 01mORD-FLL $206 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$60 or less$140 or less$150 or less$210 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Chicago to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 05mORD-FLL 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 26mFLL-ORD $118 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 16mORD-FLL 12/15Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 25mFLL-ORD $123 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 16h 07mORD-FLL 12/9Sat nonstop 3h 26mFLL-ORD $131 Search 12/2Sat nonstop 3h 07mORD-FLL 12/12Tue multi-stop 19h 13mFLL-ORD $140 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 02mORD-FLL 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 23mFLL-ORD $284 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 7h 54mORD-FLL 12/8Fri multi-stopDelta 7h 47mFLL-ORD $288 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 4h 59mORD-FLL 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 6h 13mFLL-ORD $293 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 08mORD-FLL 12/15Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 37mFLL-ORD $339 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSouthwest 9h 20mORD-FLL 12/7Thu multi-stopSouthwest 4h 45mFLL-ORD $341 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSouthwest 9h 20mORD-FLL 12/9Sat multi-stopSouthwest 5h 55mFLL-ORD $350 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesDeltaSouthwest Search by price$120 or less$140 or less$290 or less$340 or less$350 or less Chicago O'Hare Airport - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD)United States Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - Chicago O'Hare Airport Cabin classes: $634 First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $655 Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $488 Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $76 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $66Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $66Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Chicago O'Hare Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.