Cheap Flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco from $19 | (LAS - SFO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAS - SFO Find cheap flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco from $19 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/21. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to San Francisco These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Las Vegas to San Francisco. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Las Vegas to San Francisco. How much is the cheapest flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 1:45 pm - 3:32 pmLAS-SFO 1h 47mnonstop 9:35 pm - 11:19 pmSFO-LAS 1h 44mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Wed, Jan 24 8:10 am - 9:54 amLAS-SFO 1h 44mnonstop 1:14 pm - 2:52 pmSFO-LAS 1h 38mnonstop $39Frontier Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Sun, Jan 14 6:40 am - 8:26 amLAS-SFO 1h 46mnonstop 8:00 am - 9:38 amSFO-LAS 1h 38mnonstop $107 Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Wed, Jan 17 7:00 am - 8:42 amLAS-SFO 1h 42mnonstop 7:25 pm - 9:00 pmSFO-LAS 1h 35mnonstop $140Alaska Airlines Find Deal Thu, Mar 28 - Mon, Apr 1 7:00 am - 8:42 amLAS-SFO 1h 42mnonstop 2:40 pm - 9:30 pmSFO-LAS 6h 50m1 stop $150Alaska Airlines Find Deal Thu, Mar 28 - Tue, Apr 2 7:45 am - 9:29 amLAS-SFO 1h 44mnonstop 10:50 pm - 12:31 amSFO-LAS 1h 41mnonstop $160United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 26 - Fri, Dec 29 11:00 am - 6:10 pmLAS-SFO 7h 10m1 stop 10:23 pm - 12:14 amSFO-LAS 1h 51mnonstop $172 Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Wed, Dec 13 6:00 am - 8:02 pmLAS-SFO 14h 02m1 stop 6:00 am - 9:42 amSFO-LAS 3h 42m1 stop $197Delta Find Deal Mon, Dec 25 - Mon, Jan 1 6:00 am - 7:44 amLAS-SFO 1h 44mnonstop 4:45 pm - 6:26 pmSFO-LAS 1h 41mnonstop $225United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 27 - Mon, Jan 1 7:14 pm - 11:40 amLAS-SFO 16h 26m1 stop 7:10 pm - 11:37 pmSFO-LAS 4h 27m1 stop $227Delta Find Deal Wed, Dec 27 - Wed, Jan 3 Show more results Flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Las Vegas to San Francisco? The average price of all flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to San Francisco on a Friday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from Las Vegas to San Francisco. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Tuesday and avoiding Fridays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Las Vegas to San Francisco? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco is February, where tickets cost $75 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $125 and $123 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 52 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Frontier ($19) and Alaska Airlines ($66). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Frontier ($38) and Alaska Airlines ($140). Which airlines fly most frequently between Las Vegas and San Francisco? Southwest connects Las Vegas to San Francisco with up to 5 flights per day. Alaska Airlines also offers 3 flights per day, while United Airlines follows with 3 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Las Vegas and San Francisco? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Las Vegas to San Francisco. They are: Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Southwest and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $35 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Las Vegas and San Francisco per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 19 nonstop flights that take off from Las Vegas and land in San Francisco, with an average flight time of 1h 41m. The most common departure time is 10:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 96 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Las Vegas and San Francisco? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco take? The average nonstop flight takes 1h 34m, covering a distance of 413 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Las Vegas to San Francisco? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Las Vegas at 5:50 am and will be landing in San Francisco at 7:20 am. What’s the latest departure time from Las Vegas to San Francisco? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco jets off at 10:19 pm and lands at 11:59 pm. Good to know Low season December High season July Cheapest flight $19 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 26% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 20% increase in price. Flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco When to book flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Las Vegas to San Francisco based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco Where can I park at Harry Reid International Airport (LAS)? The Las Vegas Airport has three main parking options - the Terminal 1 Garage, the Terminal 3 Garage, and the Remote Lot. The Terminal 1 and Terminal 3 garages offer short-term, long-term, valet, and economy parking options. The Remote lot is located at 7150 Gilespie Street and is connected to the airport by free airport shuttles. What amenities are available for families traveling with kids at Harry Reid Airport (LAS)? Families with young children should check out the Kids Play Area at the Terminal 3 D Gates. Kids can get those wiggles out by following the Fly Fit walking path routes throughout the airport. Families can explore the exhibits in the Aviation Museum in Terminal 1, Level 2 or go on a scavenger hunt to find all of the art pieces on display throughout the terminals. Other amenities include family restrooms in each terminal. What airline lounges will I find at Harry Reid International Airport (LAS)? Harry Reid Airport has six lounges. In Concourse D near Terminal 3, you’ll find the United Club, the Centurion Lounge for eligible American Express cardholders, and the Club at LAS, which is available to all passengers for a daily fee. Terminal 1 features the USO Lounge for members of the US military and their families. In Terminal 3, you’ll find a USO satellite lounge as well as second Club at LAS lounge. What public transportation is available from the Las Vegas Strip to Harry Reid Airport (LAS)? The Las Vegas city bus service, the RTC, offers several bus routes from Downtown Las Vegas to the Harry Reid Airport. The Centennial Express is one of the fastest routes, arriving at its destination in about 24min. There is a bus stop at each terminal within an easy walk of the building entrance. Can I take the SamTrans bus to the city center from San Francisco Airport (SFO)? Yes, the SamTrans buses stop outside of Terminal 2, Terminal 3 and the International Terminal. In about 45min, the #398 bus runs from the airport to the Main St. & Market St. bus stop in San Francisco’s Financial District. Are there any on-airport hotels at San Francisco International Airport (SFO)? The Grand Hyatt hotel is the airport’s only on-airport hotel. It is easily reached from the terminals via SFO’s AirTrain automated people mover. What is there to do at McCarran International Airport? To spoil yourself, go to one of the XpresSpa locations in McCarran International Airport to receive a manicure, facial, or massage. If you enjoy gambling, take advantage of the many slot machines that are stationed in each terminal, or go to one of the gaming lounges. The airport also has several rotating art exhibits that allow travelers to see a variety of statues, photographs, and paintings. Where can I eat in McCarran International Airport? The Great Steak and Potato Company can be found in Terminal 1 of McCarran International Airport and serves traditional American food, while Brookwood Farms BBQ is located nearby and serves brisket, ribs, and other popular Southern Comfort-inspired food. Port of Subs is a convenient take-away option in Terminal 3 and known for its sandwiches. Does San Francisco International Airport have a military lounge? San Francisco International Airport has a USO Lounge that can be found in Terminal 1 on the Mezzanine Level. It provides free access to all members of the military and their families, and it contains showers, toys, complimentary snacks, magazines, and televisions. Is it possible to rent a car from San Francisco International Airport? To pick up your rental car, take the AirTrain Blue Line to go to the Rental Car Center of San Francisco International Airport. In this building, you will find many on-site rental companies, including Hertz and Enterprise, and all of their vehicles are within easy walking distance of their offices. Do I need a passport to fly between Las Vegas and San Francisco? No Which airports will I be using when flying from Las Vegas to San Francisco? Las Vegas and San Francisco are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Las Vegas from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl and will be arriving at San Francisco. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Las Vegas to San Francisco? Alaska Airlines, JetBlue, and American Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Las Vegas to San Francisco flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Las Vegas to San Francisco? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Las Vegas to San Francisco flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Las Vegas and San Francisco, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Las Vegas to San Francisco? There are nonstop flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $148 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $490 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Las Vegas to San Francisco? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to San Francisco from Las Vegas is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to San Francisco with an airline and back to Las Vegas with another airline. Booking your flights between Las Vegas and SFO can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to San Francisco from Las Vegas up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAS to San Francisco Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $69 or less one-way and $110 or less round-trip. Until 2021, Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) in Las Vegas was known as McCarran International Airport. LAS has two terminals: Terminal 1 and Terminal 3. Your flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco will most likely depart from Terminal 1, which is the primary terminal for domestic flights. Harry Reid Airport (LAS) is a hub for Spirit Airlines, Southwest Airlines, and Allegiant Air, while San Francisco Airport (SFO) is a hub for Alaska Airlines and United Airlines. The Harry Reid Airport (LAS) terminals are not physically connected, but you can travel between them using the airport’s tram. The tram has 3 lines. The Green Line travels between Terminal 1 and the C Gates, the Blue Line travels between Terminal 1 and the D Gates, and the Red Line travels between Terminal 3 and the D Gates. While Frontier Airlines is known for providing in-flight entertainment and free snacks during the flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco, United and Alaska airlines have comfortable seats with the option of upgrading to premium economy for a small fee. Southwest is also a popular choice, as they allow travelers to check up to two bags for free. If you want to burn some calories before being cooped up on a plane, purchase a pass for the ZEROlevel Fitness gym in Terminal 1 of McCarran International Airport (LAS). Daily passes are $25, and this provides access to cardio machines, free weights, a sauna, and a group fitness studio. For travelers who have a bit of extra time before their flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco takes off, drop by the Howard W. Cannon Aviation Museum that is in Terminal 1 of McCarran International Airport. This museum contains several exhibits that highlight the region’s aviation history, and it can be accessed for free by all travelers. Are you easily stressed while traveling? If so, keep your eyes open for the Wag Brigade in San Francisco International Airport (SFO). Consisting of trained dogs wearing vests that say "Pet Me", these animals are brought throughout the airport’s terminals to say hi to travelers and help relieve any anxiety. If you would like to take a quick shower once your flight has landed, go to the Freshen’ Up location in San Francisco International Airport. Deluxe showers cost $25, and you will also receive shower shoes, soap, towels, shampoo, and a hairdryer. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to San Francisco? Find which airlines fly direct from Harry Reid Intl to San Francisco, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to San Francisco Search Flights Monday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Tuesday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +18 more ANA, Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Wednesday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +20 more ANA, Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Thursday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Friday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Saturday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +20 more ANA, Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Sunday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 See more direct flights Nonstop returns San Francisco to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +18 more ANA, Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +17 more ANA, Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Wednesday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +20 more ANA, Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Thursday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +18 more ANA, Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Friday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +18 more ANA, Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Saturday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +20 more ANA, Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Sunday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +18 more ANA, Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Las Vegas to San Francisco See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Las Vegas to San Francisco. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Las Vegas to San Francisco? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 78entertainment 85overall 88crew 79food 82comfort 85boarding Airline reviews Pros: "Can’t travel or leave my state; so didn’t like anything. I want my money back been. Calling and emailing since March 10th with no help sucked" Cons: "Better customer service"Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "Can’t travel or leave my state; so didn’t like anything. I want my money back been. Calling and emailing since March 10th with no help sucked" Cons: "Better customer service" Cons: "Flight on time and not wait 30 min on the runway to get to a gate once landed" Cons: "$400 flight and they only offered orange juice and water. Cheap cheap cheap!" Pros: "Crew were very attentive and hospitable to the crew. I have been flying ASIANA many times and enjoy the flight as well." Cons: "Great flight and their service was great. Looking forward to my next flight with them." Pros: "Smooth piloting." Cons: "Crew did not announce carousel number for checked baggage. Seated next to an overweight man reduced comfort. Cabin crew were not friendly." Pros: "NOTHING ㅗ" Cons: "GROUND SERVICE. The flight was delayed causing me to miss my connecting flight. The ground staff at BWI said they could do nothing about it. I spent an extra $1000." Pros: "Boarding and special request was excellent. We requested wheel chair for my mother and it was waiting at each arrival." Pros: "The crew was great, the lighting was very mellowing, perfect for the moring flight" Pros: "Flight was ok." Cons: "They took away our seats and then gave us new ones but we were separated. My son is 2 and I was t able to sit with him and my wife." My flight was delayed, not by much.?very good communication during fest and waiting to board. Communication with airline electronically was difficult. No number seemed available to talk to customer service. What could have been better is if Discover credit card would be able to purchase food Crew was inconsistent in instructions in advising passengers about seat backs during take off. Perfunctory announcements except from cabin. The experience with Breeze was really great. The app makes managing flights easy. You can check in on there 24 hours in advance, and your boarding pass is there, too. The flight crew and the staff at both our airports were wonderful. Snacks and drinks were reasonably priced. The seats were very comfortable, they even had adjustable headrests on every seat. The only downside is not having entertainment or Wi-Fi available onboard. The price is amazing. I was worried about how the flight would be as I never flew then. Seats were very comfortable. We had lots of legroom. The Akron airport was really nice. Overall it didn't have the stress we usually experience with flying. Highly recommend Flight delayed and moved to another gate. Got a text message updating the gate as final boarding finished. Missed flight, fighting for my refund Prior to boarding we were told the flight was still on time up until about 20 minutes after the scheduled departure time. Details on the new departure time and gate were not provided to us in a timely fashion and we were lead to board a flight to Pittsburgh only to realized upon scanning my boarding pass that it was the wrong flight when signage at the gate said Providence. However, once on board the plane was comfortable and staff courteous and nice. Perfect. Even got a screwdriver in Pitt to fix my sons luggage. Awesome airline. Outside of a 30min delay getting back home; this an excellent airline and will definitely use again. Pros: "Love the free WiFi. That was awesome and somewhat unexpected." Cons: "There was no coffee left on board when serving the second round - kind of hard to wake up from a 6 hour flight." Pros: "Sat exit row, mega leg room!" Cons: "Flight delayed due to another flight mechanical problem. 4 hour delay" Pros: "Facilities and amenities (WiFi, unlimited snacks, comfortable seat)" Cons: "Gate agents consistently telling paxs to SIT DOWN if their boarding group hasn’t been called yet." Pros: "Crew was nice and accommodating. Plenty of leg room in regular cabin. Good entertainment options.?" Pros: "Boarding was done efficiently." Cons: "The crew barely spoke, wasn’t particularly friendly, didn’t make many announcements even while we circled JFK for 25+ mins waiting to land. Attendants didn’t come around much at all. Spent the whole flight with the guy next to me’s arm way past the armrest, pinned to the window; very uncomfortable." Pros: "Best food and entertainment availability" Cons: "When we arrived from hawaii to SFO airport we had to exit in order to get our tickets for our next flight (SFO to FLL) and we had to go through security again for this reason. No one around to help, we even called from one of the airport telephones but no one answered." Pros: "The flight was smooth, efficient and friendly crew. For a 5hr flight, the snacks were very sparse." Cons: "A full meal" Pros: "The flight was comfortable enough once it got going after a 5-hour delay." Cons: "Flight from FLL to SFO was delayed by 5 hours due to a technical issue with the plane. Upon arrival I received an apology email from JetBlue and a flight voucher. However, I will also be filing a claim with the airfare app to seek reimbursement for the enourmous inconvenience this delay caused." Pros: "They made us wait in the aircraft for 1 hour because they didn’t have assigned gate! I missed my very important meeting" Pros: "I’m not sure if I was just lucky or if it was the time of day, but I got to the Las Vegas airport I was at my gate in a matter of minutes, I’ll give credit to the staff for keeping the flow moving. The plane had lots of space I wasn’t cramped and the stewardess was friendly and polite and seemed genuine. Next thing you know in walking out of the plane, out of Long Beach airport. Feels like I waited longer for my ride to pick me up." Cons: "I wish that the airline had a power outlet so I could of charged my phone during flight." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and took good care of the passengers" Pros: "Nice plane, good service and pilots, great landing - no issues at all." Cons: "Landing was very rough and flight crew kept bumping me with food cart during sleep" Pros: "Fast flight" Cons: "In one hour flight we could have some drinks and food. Snacks... can’t believe they don’t have any food/alcohol" Pros: "It is a busy travel day and this flight was unbelievably smooth. The entire crew was competent and friendly." Pros: "The crew did their best to accommodate for the hot mess." Cons: "The temperature was unbearable. My dirt and pants were soaked with sweat. It was very hot." Cons: "Sat on the runway for over an hour to get the gate. Unacceptable." Pros: "early take off and early landing" Cons: "crying baby... passengers hanging out in the aisle... also lady sat in my emergency row seat and would not leave so I let her have it. also the lady next to that seat complained the whole time we tried to negotiate that seat. also the flight attendant that gave our section drinks seemed irritated and very rude. Older african american woman that stuck her finger in my face and the person next to me to ask her to stop her question as he picked up snacks that she dropped in the aisle. Kind of rude and kind of uncalled for. And the lady next to me (lauren) is an ER dr that had a layover in Atlanta for 4 hours to vacation with her fiance in the Caribbean..." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Multiple cancellations and a total of THIRTY HOURS OF TRAVEL TIME for what was supposed to be 5 hours of travel in the beginning. I am still sitting in a god damn airport as we speak." Pros: "We were not happy with our flight my flight got cancelled 3 times I miss work they need to reimburse us and also reimburses the hotel cuz we had to stay at a hotel because they cancelled our flight three times and then our flight that we went out on Monday was late because of a flight attendant arriving late to the hotel to the airport" Cons: "Maintenance problems resulted in original aircraft being unavailable and switching to new aircraft at a different gate. More than 45 min late." Pros: "Flight attendants were friendly and thoughtful." Cons: "Seating is too tight. Hard to believe that in 2019, major airlines still have seats without any electrical or UBS outlets for charging devices." Pros: "Nothing. Just the pilot" Cons: "Everything. Bad communication. 1 h delay. Then 3 hs in the plane. We ran out of gas. 2 more hours taxiing Never seen something similar. I really hope my mileage refund." Pros: "CREW GOOD AIRPLANE CLEAN" Cons: "DEPARTED 1 HOUR LATE, THERE WAS MODERATE TURBULENCE THROUGHOUT THE FLIGHT" Pros: "Awesome roomy seat right behind business class. Could not have asked for better! And it was a gorgeous new aircraft." Pros: "I love your entertainment selection. also the comfort of seat and it's on time." Pros: "Landed early" Cons: "The seats were not as good as the ones on my BA flight to Heathrow and then Rome. Also, cross country flight but no in flight entertainment. Arrived early in PHL and American would not let me move up to an earlier PHL-SFO flight since it was a code share booked with BA. Should not be my fault as when booking it indicated all four of my flights were with BA. Once booked it indicated the return flights were code share with AA. American should have allowed me on the earlier flight. That would have opened a seat on the scheduled flight which had people waiting on standby." Pros: "extra leg room but I had to pay for it" Cons: "This should only be used for important communications. And to not offer food on a 6 hour flight is horrible." Pros: "The flight crew was great and it was a very smooth landing." Cons: "Had to pay extra for seats so we could sit together, near the front of the plane (not really, and no bathroom nearby, very small seats with zero legroom). we were delayed twice (40m then 1h10m) then told to go to a different terminal because now our flight WAS leaving on time! so we hauled over there only to be delayed again several times. we know it was a weather thing, but just wish there was more accurate info about when we would actually take off. seats on outgoing flight from SFO to CLT were GREAT, very roomy, comfortable. Coming back- not so much." Cons: "The flight was cancelled and no reason was given. I had to buy new flights on Southwest and ended up having to pay an extra $200 in order to get home for work on Monday." Alaska Airlines8.3 Breeze Airways8.2 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Las Vegas to San Francisco found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/21Thu nonstopFrontier 1h 47mLAS-SFO $19 Search 12/22Fri nonstopFrontier 1h 47mLAS-SFO $20 Search 2/3Sat nonstopFrontier 1h 46mLAS-SFO $22 Search 5/11Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 43mLAS-SFO $66 Search 3/14Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 34mLAS-SFO $70 Search 12/20Wed 1 stopDelta 3h 53mLAS-SFO $79 Search 5/22Wed 1 stopDelta 4h 45mLAS-SFO $80 Search 12/23Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 53mLAS-SFO $100 Search 12/26Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 39mLAS-SFO $130 Search 12/27Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 44mLAS-SFO $195 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierAlaska AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$20 or less$70 or less$80 or less$100 or less$200 or less Last minute flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 49mLAS-SFO 12/8Fri nonstopFrontier 1h 51mSFO-LAS $71 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 47mLAS-SFO 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 51mSFO-LAS $76 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 23h 45mLAS-SFO 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 51mSFO-LAS $82 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 12h 01mLAS-SFO 12/13Wed multi-stopDelta 8h 14mSFO-LAS $205 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 12h 01mLAS-SFO 12/11Mon multi-stopDelta 18h 20mSFO-LAS $210 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 50mLAS-SFO 12/10Sun nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 36mSFO-LAS $248 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 50mLAS-SFO 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 47mSFO-LAS $438 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 50mLAS-SFO 12/6Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 35mSFO-LAS $488 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 10h 54mLAS-SFO 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 16h 26mSFO-LAS $709 Search 12/3Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 40mLAS-SFO 12/8Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 39mSFO-LAS $928 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierDeltaAlaska AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$80 or less$210 or less$250 or less$490 or less$930 or less Las Vegas - San Francisco Flights Departure: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Destination: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: San Francisco - Las Vegas Cabin classes: $329 First Class flights to San Francisco $327 Business Class flights to San Francisco $489 Prem Econ Class flights to San Francisco $45 Economy Class flights to San Francisco Browse origins: Flights » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $38Flights from Las Vegas to San Francisco Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » San Francisco $38Flights to San Francisco, San Francisco Compare transportation modes for Las Vegas to San Francisco Average price Average duration Flights $668 1h 34m Buses $247 18h 10m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Burbank Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search San Francisco flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to San Francisco from Las Vegas. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to San Francisco from Las Vegas. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.