Cheap Flights from Kelowna to Vancouver Airport from C$ 49 | (YLW - YVR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YLW - YVR Find cheap flights from Kelowna to Vancouver from C$ 49 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 13/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Vancouver These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Kelowna to Vancouver, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Kelowna to Vancouver, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:45 p.m. - 9:45 p.m.YLW-YVR 1h 00mdirect 6:55 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.YVR-YLW 1h 05mdirect C$ 77Flair Airlines Find Deal Mon, 5 Feb - Mon, 12 Feb 8:45 p.m. - 9:45 p.m.YLW-YVR 1h 00mdirect 10:50 a.m. - 11:40 a.m.YVR-YLW 0h 50mdirect C$ 78 Find Deal Fri, 9 Feb - Sat, 10 Feb 8:45 p.m. - 9:45 p.m.YLW-YVR 1h 00mdirect 6:55 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.YVR-YLW 1h 05mdirect C$ 84Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 7:35 p.m. - 8:42 p.m.YLW-YVR 1h 07mdirect 10:00 p.m. - 10:59 p.m.YVR-YLW 0h 59mdirect C$ 116WestJet Find Deal Tue, 6 Feb - Wed, 14 Feb 9:55 a.m. - 6:38 p.m.YLW-YVR 8h 43m2 stops 10:00 p.m. - 10:59 p.m.YVR-YLW 0h 59mdirect C$ 117WestJet Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Thu, 25 Jan 5:00 p.m. - 5:50 p.m.YLW-YVR 0h 50mdirect 3:20 p.m. - 4:10 p.m.YVR-YLW 0h 50mdirect C$ 120Air North Find Deal Thu, 16 May - Sun, 19 May 6:20 p.m. - 7:10 p.m.YLW-YVR 0h 50mdirect 10:50 a.m. - 11:40 a.m.YVR-YLW 0h 50mdirect C$ 124Air North Find Deal Sun, 21 Jan - Sat, 27 Jan 2:55 p.m. - 3:58 p.m.YLW-YVR 1h 03mdirect 6:30 p.m. - 7:35 p.m.YVR-YLW 1h 05mdirect C$ 214Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Tue, 30 Jan 4:45 p.m. - 6:56 p.m.YLW-YVR 2h 11m1 stop 2:45 p.m. - 5:15 p.m.YVR-YLW 2h 30m1 stop C$ 231Pacific Coastal Find Deal Sat, 23 Dec - Mon, 1 Jan 5:45 p.m. - 7:56 p.m.YLW-YVR 2h 11m1 stop 2:45 p.m. - 5:15 p.m.YVR-YLW 2h 30m1 stop C$ 244Pacific Coastal Find Deal Mon, 18 Dec - Thu, 4 Jan Show more results Flights from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl Airport is April, where tickets cost C$ 132 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and December, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 198 and C$ 193 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 83 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Kelowna to Vancouver? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Kelowna to Vancouver were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 105) and WestJet (C$ 157). Flair Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 49. Which airlines fly most frequently between Kelowna and Vancouver? Air Canada connects Kelowna to Vancouver with up to 3 flights per day. Flair Airlines also offers 1 flight per day, while WestJet follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly direct between Kelowna and Vancouver Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl Airport. There are 5 airlines that fly direct from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Air North, Central Mountain Air, Flair Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 31. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Kelowna and Vancouver Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 5 and 11 nonstop flights that take off from Kelowna and land in Vancouver Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 04m. The most common departure time is 8:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 49 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 22% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Kelowna and Vancouver Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Kelowna to Vancouver take? The average direct flight takes 0h 50m, covering a distance of 461 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Kelowna to Vancouver? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Kelowna at 5:55 am and will be landing in Vancouver Intl Airport at 6:58 am. What’s the latest departure time from Kelowna to Vancouver? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl Airport jets off at 10:35 pm and lands at 11:40 pm. Good to know Low season July High season November Cheapest flight C$ 49 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 20% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 10% lower on average. Flight from Kelowna to Vancouver When to book flights from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Kelowna to Vancouver flights Which is the best airline to fly with kids from Kelowna to Vancouver with kids? Consider flying Air Canada from Kelowna﻿ to Vancouver with your children. This airline is extremely popular among parents because of the wide seats with extra legroom, which ensures parents with kids comfort throughout the flight. Furthermore, on all long flights, such as the one from Kelowna to Vancouver, the airlines provide kid-friendly entertainment for young passengers, such as video games, plane toys, cartoon channels, free snacks, and a bassinet for the infant. How can I connect to Vancouver city centre after landing at Vancouver International Airport (YVR)? If you are in a rush to connect to Vancouver city centre, consider using the YVR Airport Skytrain. This train is located outside the main terminal at the train station﻿ which takes approximately 25 minutes to connect to the city centre from the train. Alternatively, consider using a taxi or a car rental onsite at the airport which takes approximately 35 minutes depending on the flow of traffic on the road. Where can I rent a car at Vancouver International Airport? There are seven on-site car rental companies at the airport, located within walking distance from the terminal, on the first floor of the parking lot. These companies include National, Alamo, Hertz, Avis, Dollar Thrifty, Zipcar and Budget. If you’re renting a car from one of the off-site companies – Enterprise, Discount Car and Truck Rentals, or Routes Car Rental – there’s a free shuttle service operating from the airport to these offices. Where do I go to find my courtesy hotel shuttle? All hotel shuttles depart from the green canopy outside level 1 of the domestic arrivals area. If you don't see your hotel shuttle or forgot to book one, call the hotel by using one of the courtesy phones on level 2 of the arrivals area or the pickup area. Does Vancouver International Airport have an on-site hotel? Fairmont Vancouver Airport Hotel is within a short walking distance from the domestic arrivals terminal of the airport. Passengers can book one of the day use rooms where they can stay for 4 to 8h, from 8:00 am to 8:00 pm. The hotel also offers a series of spa treatments at Absolute Spa, specifically designed for post-flight recovery and relaxation. What kind of entertainment options will I find for kids at Vancouver International Airport? Vancouver International Airport has several children’s play areas located throughout the terminals. Be sure to take your kids to the public observation area on level 4 of the domestic terminal, and the free-entrance aquarium in the international terminal. Which airports will I be using when flying from Kelowna to Vancouver? Kelowna airport is called Kelowna and the only airport in Vancouver is Vancouver Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Kelowna to Vancouver? Air Canada, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Kelowna to Vancouver flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Kelowna to Vancouver? The De Havilland (Bombardier) DHC-8-400 Dash 8Q is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Kelowna to Vancouver flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Kelowna to Vancouver? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Kelowna and Vancouver, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Kelowna to Vancouver? There are direct flights from Kelowna to Vancouver on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Kelowna to Vancouver, Air North or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Kelowna to Vancouver are Air North and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 167 and an overall rating of 9.2, Air North is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 222 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Kelowna to Vancouver? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Kelowna to Vancouver. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Kelowna to Vancouver? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Vancouver from Kelowna is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Kelowna to Vancouver? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Vancouver with an airline and back to Kelowna with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Kelowna to Vancouver? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Vancouver from Kelowna up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Kelowna to Vancouver Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 95 or less one-way and C$ 209 or less round-trip. Flights from Kelowna to Vancouver depart from Kelowna International Airport (YLW), Penticton Airport (YYF), or Vernon Regional Airport (YVE). Most travellers depart from Kelowna International Airport due to its highest frequency of flights from Kelowna to Vancouver compared to the other airports. Vancouver International Airport (YVR) is the most common arrival airport that travellers from Kelowna to Vancouver land. This airport features several means of transit choice depending on the area you are heading to, from the airport. Moreover, those arriving late at night can consider sleeping at Fairmont Vancouver Airport situated a kilometer from the airport. Persons with limited mobility are much recognized in flights from Kelowna to Vancouver. Airports serving these flights feature several accessible amenities and policies that make persons with limited mobility feel at home before and after the flight. For instance, the airlines operating these flights feature special assistants who help the PRMs from car drop-off sites to check-in desks. The airports feature wheelchairs and wheelchair assistants at both the arrival areas and departure areas. Flights from Kelowna to Vancouver land at Vancouver International Airport (YVR). When arriving, if you’re travelling in a large group or carrying a lot of luggage, consider booking services from the Vancouver Skycap Porters, available from 5:00 am to 1:30 am. For a C$ 10 flat fee, for up to three luggage pieces, the porters will assist you with your bags from the baggage claim area to your transportation. If you’re travelling to Whistler from Vancouver International Airport, it’s more comfortable and affordable to take the SkyLynx long-distance bus from outside level 2 of the international arrivals area. A one-way ticket costs C$ 65, and you can pre-book your trip online. The best way to travel from the airport to the city centre depends on how light you are travelling. For passengers not carrying a lot of luggage, the SkyTrain is the most direct option, costing C$ 14. Taxis, on the other hand, have the advantage of door-to-door service and are particularly useful if you’re travelling with children or a lot of baggage. On average, a taxi to the city centre costs C$ 50. Although flights from Kelowna to Vancouver are short, if you need to grab some coffee or a light snack before leaving the airport, there are a few restaurant options located on level 3 in the public area of the domestic terminal. If you’re on your way to a cruise, cruise ship representatives will greet passengers flying through Vancouver International Airport at level 2 of the domestic arrivals area. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Kelowna to Vancouver Intl Search flights Monday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +15 more ANA,Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +15 more ANA,Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more ANA,Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Thursday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more ANA,Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Friday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more ANA,Aeromexico, +18 more 16 17 Saturday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more ANA,Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Sunday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +15 more ANA,Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Vancouver Intl to Kelowna Search flights Monday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +15 more ANA,Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more ANA,Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more ANA,Aeromexico, +18 more 16 17 Thursday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +15 more ANA,Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Friday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more ANA,Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Saturday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more ANA,Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Sunday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more ANA,Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Kelowna to Vancouver. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 9.2 Air NorthOverall score based on 61 reviews 89food 90comfort 95crew 94boarding 75entertainment 94overall Airline reviews Service was great from start to finish. Pleasant attendants, timely luggage to carousels.Read more about Air North Service was great from start to finish. Pleasant attendants, timely luggage to carousels. This airline is never a disappointment. Always on time. Short haul from YLW to YYZ , best way to travel. Boarding was fine, and flight was on time. During the flight however, you aren't even offered a drink of water. The carts never leave the galleys. All the attendants said the whole time is take your headphones off and buckle your seatbelt. For the price I wouldn't expect 5 star service, but maybe a drink would have been acceptable Nothing needs to change as it is such a short flight. The employees at the counter when we first arrived were very helpful and kind. The flight attendants were are very pleasant and helpful. I appreciated we departed on time. Pros: "Price was the best over competitors. Many dates available. Staff are friendly and service oriented. Coffee is so good. Food is great. Flight was on time." Cons: "I booked online and then had to rebook - by calling the call centre. Be good to have the ability to change flights online as well. Call centre staff was good - except I assumed she’d book us sitting in the same seats as I had originally chosen (which were available - as I checked online)." Pros: "Service was good, frequent drinks and snacks, nice little deli platter was unexpected and very delicious!" Pros: "You constantly got food and drinks served, a big contrast to the other airlines who don't even serve complimentary food on 5 hour trips. We didn't expect to get food on this 2 hour flight so we had breakfast beforehand. We were pleasantly surprised!" Pros: "Friendly staff. Provided sandwich and cookie during flight." Cons: "Minor item: Didn't provide hav charger in seats but for short flights not a big issue" Pros: "From the coffee and cookies while waiting to board to the freshly baked items given while receiving food service, this is great customer service. Not to mention the competitively priced airfare and not having to pay an extra fee for checked bags, this airline can't be beat. I would definitely fly it again and suggest it to anyone if they're looking to fly in northern Canada." Pros: "Flight crew was nice" Cons: "They were careless with our suitcases. When we got to Vancouver, we were missing wheels on our suitcases. 2 wheels on my husband's and 1 on mine. It made it horrible to pull the suitcases." Cons: "For an hour long flight, it seemed like enough time to serve more than just 4 choices; 1 beer, 1 wine, juice or water. I’ve been on flights that were 45 minutes and served an entire meal. Of course, what they do is still great and I am very grateful." Pros: "Gate waiting area was far less commotion than the Southwest gates." Pros: "The employees are excellent and very friendly." Cons: "The flight was expensive and the seats are small and cramp. So is the isle, where the flight attendants who are small kept hitting you as they walked by." Pros: "I liked that there was in flight entertainment on smart devices but not a big enough selection." Cons: "I didn’t love the movie or tv choice, nor the “food” since none was offered. The wine wasn’t very good. I would find a good distributor with little bottles so you aren’t pouring from the same bottle and people can take what they don’t drink." Pros: "Great crew" Cons: "Very slow checkin. No urgency. Boarding pass machines were broken so everyone had to wait in line and struggled to make flight." Pros: "Ummm...I bought a ticket on Alaskan and it ended up being a Virgin aircraft." Cons: "There wasn’t a power outlet at my seat." Pros: "Great crew, very friendly and helpful. Enjoyed a flight that was short and sweet." Cons: "Small cabin, little rougher ride, and small meal choices but understandable with cut backs." Pros: "Overall I would say I was pretty impressed with Alaska, their crew and their service. I would say that the part I most enjoyed about your flight services was the gogo inflight internet. On my iPhone 6 it worked perfectly and i happily enjoyed multiple free movies on my flight. My wife did experience some troubles connecting with her LG 6. Hopefully as you go along you will continue to work to get better support for all phone types." Cons: "I think mostly it is because the world has become so allergy sensitive that these things must be avoided at all cost, but I'd say my least favorite part about the flight was the inflight "snack" service. I don't know where these biscotts came from, but I miss the old days of peanuts and pretzels. I will commend you that the drink cart came around 2 times during our flight. I think that is great. But the drink cart was definitely missing Dr. Pepper." Pros: "Nothing. Zero. You treated me so poorly. I will never use you again. Absolutely the worst experience of my life." Cons: "Customer service. Customer service. Custoner service." Getting closer to the gate that we had to leave from we had to run to catch our next flight Pros: "It is a no frills airline. Cabin crew were friendly." Cons: "No entertainment, no food" Pros: "Quick smooth flight. We even landed early. No delays no problems. I even had seated in an empty row" Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable because of the head rest that is attached to the seat. However the staff and crew were friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better seats" Pros: "The crew was polite, even with the numerous delays. Other than that, the multiple delays (3; 8:30 -> 11:30, 11:30 -> 13:05, 13:05 -> 15:30) rubbed me the wrong way and lessened my experience with West Jet. Kayak was very responsive and reliable on their end." Cons: "West Jet; the delays which took around 6 hours from my weekend trip." Pros: "Crew were very good. The economy seats were "ok". Food was good and the service was very good." Cons: "Entertainment didn't have enough new movies to watch. The leg room could've been better." Pros: "For some reason, we found ourselves in the Premium section for our return flight from Palm Springs. So we got fed!! Which was nice. And we had a little more legroom, “spare seat” between us, etc." Cons: "It was a short flight, only 2 1/2 hours, so you can’t really expect much. It’s the long flights where service really makes a difference." Cons: "Always a ‘full flight’ and they run out of spacein the overhead storage" Pros: "Check in was quick and easy. Boarding and flight was right on time!" Pros: "Short flight" Cons: "People were cramped in the plane, hardly any room for bags. People from other seats were packing their bags on top of other peoples stuff" Pros: "First time flying a turboprop. Personnel were excellent and polite and overall experience was great." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "The crew were super great I hit my head on a over head bun the stuff were vary caring asked how I felt and will take west jet again in future travels" Cons: "Well noise was due too the plane but I got over it quick light crew were awesome was vary clean still had the new plane small intact keep up the great work west jet" Pros: "The lady was calm at the gate, explaining that we wouldn’t be leaving and trying to help everyone flipping out. 1. Flight was delayed 2. More delayed, meaning we miss connections in Calgary 3. Canceled" Cons: "While my flight was to Abbotsford, my final destination was to the US (Seattle). Canceling the flight meant I miss my 4 hour ride home from Abbotsford. When asking if I could change my final destination, only destinations in Canada would be allowed. I spent a fortune getting flights, planning rides, to make it home by the 26th and tend to responsibilities by the 27th. I realize weather delayed the flight, but once in Calgary, it would have been nice for WestJet to even scope the opportunity to get me home. #StrandedinCanada" Pros: "Friendly Staff" Cons: "Could not hear the Pilot. Emergency Exit instructions said too fast" Pros: "Great no hassle way to get to Campbell River from Vancouver." Pros: "Ontime flight, efficient check-in. Reasonable price for a 15 minute puddle jump." Pros: "Wasn’t anything to like didn’t get on the flight thxs to yall" Pros: "Courteous and helpful staff. Check in last was helpful in ensuring I knew certain details for future flights." Cons: "No earplugs on loud plane" Pros: "Airlin staff were great." Cons: "Plane was 30+ minutes late. Announcer at Port Hardy Airport was unintelligible." Cons: "They took us out to the plane then made us wait for several minutes in the rain before they would let us board the aircraft." I got my dates wrong but becuase I bought through Kayak there was nothing Air Canada would do and there was nobody to talk to / contact / or even email to get a refund even with my dates being off by more than a month. We were frustrated about the way they treated us as Star Alliance Gold. No early boarding and we had to argue for priority luggage. I rarely enjoy Air Canada flights and crew however long or short. But baffles me the most is why do you serve snacks on short flights but starve your passengers on long hauls. Why does Air Canada treat passengers with French names with more respect than English names...I.e. my girlfriend last name St Pierre got bumped to business class and I got the last row where I couldn't even decline my seat. But that was just one incident. Than there's the numerous times my luggage got lost. I travel a lot. Love carriers like KLM, LH, COPA, to name a few but AC still socks in book. I ONLY book you based on your time and price. Not much to like. At least it wasn't too hot or cold. Flight delayed an hour while in the airport, another hour on the tarmac. BS explanation blaming poor weather - absolutely untrue. Cancelled first flight, booked us earlier flight but then proceeded to bump us from our connecting flight without telling us Lots of delays for my Air Canada flight. It’s possible hat the delays were not completely the fault of Air Canada, and yet a late night flight became a really late night flight. Terrible baggage handling and customer service. Complete incompetence ruined out trip Cons: "Plane was delayed 30 minutes-1 hour on tarmac prior to takeoff for deicing" Cons: "Information provided on delays was limited and information on connecting by flights was incorrect" Pros: "Crew are very nice and approachable. No complain about their service. And flight is on time." Air North9.2 Alaska Airlines8.3 WestJet7.7 Pacific Coastal7.6 Air Canada7.1 Book cheap flights from Kelowna to Vancouver Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Kelowna to Vancouver found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 13/12Wed directFlair Airlines 1h 00mYLW-YVR C$ 36 Search 12/1Fri directFlair Airlines 1h 00mYLW-YVR C$ 37 Search 23/2Fri directFlair Airlines 1h 00mYLW-YVR C$ 38 Search 20/1Sat directAir North 0h 50mYLW-YVR C$ 72 Search 12/12Tue directAir North 0h 50mYLW-YVR C$ 79 Search 6/12Wed 1 stopWestJet 5h 37mYLW-YVR C$ 84 Search 6/12Wed 1 stopWestJet 5h 37mYLW-YVR C$ 86 Search 23/2Fri 1 stopPacific Coastal 2h 11mYLW-YVR C$ 108 Search 24/12Sun 1 stopPacific Coastal 4h 36mYLW-YVR C$ 124 Search 2/3Sat directAir Canada 1h 05mYLW-YVR C$ 429 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesAir NorthWestJetPacific CoastalAir Canada Search by priceC$ 40 or lessC$ 70 or lessC$ 80 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 430 or less Last minute flights from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Kelowna to Vancouver that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 1h 00mYLW-YVR 13/12Wed directFlair Airlines 1h 05mYVR-YLW C$ 106 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 1h 00mYLW-YVR 6/12Wed directFlair Airlines 1h 05mYVR-YLW C$ 118 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 1h 00mYLW-YVR 6/12Wed directFlair Airlines 1h 05mYVR-YLW C$ 125 Search 5/12Tue direct 0h 50mYLW-YVR 6/12Wed direct 1h 05mYVR-YLW C$ 140 Search 5/12Tue multi-stop 3h 37mYLW-YVR 6/12Wed direct 1h 05mYVR-YLW C$ 148 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 3h 37mYLW-YVR 9/12Sat multi-stopWestJet 3h 26mYVR-YLW C$ 195 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 4h 02mYLW-YVR 9/12Sat multi-stopWestJet 4h 12mYVR-YLW C$ 207 Search 2/12Sat directAir North 0h 50mYLW-YVR 5/12Tue directAir North 0h 50mYVR-YLW C$ 382 Search 3/12Sun directAir Canada 1h 03mYLW-YVR 9/12Sat directAir Canada 0h 57mYVR-YLW C$ 487 Search 4/12Mon directAir Canada 1h 05mYLW-YVR 8/12Fri directAir Canada 1h 05mYVR-YLW C$ 488 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesWestJetAir NorthAir Canada Search by priceC$ 120 or lessC$ 140 or lessC$ 200 or lessC$ 380 or lessC$ 490 or less Kelowna - Vancouver Flights Departure: Kelowna (YLW)Canada Destination: Vancouver (YVR)Canada Return flight deals: Vancouver - Kelowna Cabin classes: C$ 2,683 First Class flights to Vancouver C$ 452 Business Class flights to Vancouver C$ 1,101 Prem Econ Class flights to Vancouver C$ 103 Economy Class flights to Vancouver Browse origins: Flights » Canada » British Columbia » Kelowna C$ 87Flights from Kelowna to Vancouver Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » British Columbia » Vancouver Airport C$ 87Flights to Vancouver Intl Airport, Vancouver Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Victoria Flights to Edmonton Flights to Nanaimo Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Ottawa Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Vancouver flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Vancouver from Kelowna. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Vancouver from Kelowna. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.