Cheap Flights from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas from $24 | (SNA - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SNA - LAS Find cheap flights from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas from $24 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/5. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Santa Ana to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Santa Ana to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Santa Ana to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 3:53 pm - 5:16 pmSNA-LAS 1h 23mnonstop 12:25 pm - 1:40 pmLAS-SNA 1h 15mnonstop $34Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 17 - Tue, Dec 19 1:56 pm - 3:10 pmSNA-LAS 1h 14mnonstop 4:20 pm - 5:35 pmLAS-SNA 1h 15mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Tue, Dec 12 2:30 pm - 3:51 pmSNA-LAS 1h 21mnonstop 9:07 am - 10:21 amLAS-SNA 1h 14mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Fri, Dec 15 1:05 pm - 2:20 pmSNA-LAS 1h 15mnonstop 2:58 pm - 4:13 pmLAS-SNA 1h 15mnonstop $40Frontier Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Mon, Jan 8 3:53 pm - 5:16 pmSNA-LAS 1h 23mnonstop 9:07 am - 10:19 amLAS-SNA 1h 12mnonstop $41Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 7 - Thu, Jan 11 2:30 pm - 3:51 pmSNA-LAS 1h 21mnonstop 3:47 pm - 5:02 pmLAS-SNA 1h 15mnonstop $42 Find Deal Tue, Jan 2 - Thu, Jan 4 2:31 pm - 3:56 pmSNA-LAS 1h 25mnonstop 7:58 am - 9:08 amLAS-SNA 1h 10mnonstop $43Frontier Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Sat, Jan 20 2:30 pm - 3:51 pmSNA-LAS 1h 21mnonstop 3:09 pm - 4:26 pmLAS-SNA 1h 17mnonstop $44 Find Deal Sun, Dec 17 - Thu, Dec 21 7:45 am - 9:04 amSNA-LAS 1h 19mnonstop 9:00 am - 3:03 pmLAS-SNA 6h 03m1 stop $47Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 17 - Tue, Dec 19 4:27 pm - 9:32 pmSNA-LAS 5h 05m1 stop 6:32 am - 12:31 pmLAS-SNA 5h 59m1 stop $178American Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Thu, Jan 18 Show more results Flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Santa Ana to Las Vegas? The average price of all flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Las Vegas on a Tuesday and more expensive on a Friday. On your return trip to Santa Ana, you should consider flying back on a Saturday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Santa Ana to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas is January, where tickets cost $91 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and May, where the average cost of tickets is $122 and $117 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Santa Ana to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Santa Ana to Las Vegas, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 71 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Santa Ana to Las Vegas were found on Spirit Airlines ($34) and Frontier ($38). Frontier proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $24. Which airlines fly non-stop between Santa Ana and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Santa Ana to Las Vegas. They are: Frontier, JSX, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $37 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Santa Ana and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 20 nonstop flights that take off from Santa Ana and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 1h 12m. The most common departure time is 3:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 111 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Santa Ana and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Santa Ana to Las Vegas take? A direct flight to Las Vegas will take on average 0h 52m to travel the 227 miles flying distance from Santa Ana. What’s the earliest departure time from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Santa Ana at 6:45 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 8:03 am. What’s the latest departure time from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Santa Ana to Las Vegas jets off at 9:10 pm and lands at 10:20 pm. Good to know Low season October High season December Cheapest flight $24 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 0% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 6% increase in price. Flight from Santa Ana to Las Vegas When to book flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Santa Ana to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas Is LAS adapted to assist the differently abled? LAS provides wheelchair assistant throughout the airport. Contact your airline before your flight to make sure that someone is waiting for you with a wheelchair as you deplane. The RTC paratransit and taxi services that serve LAS have accommodations in their vehicles for physically challenged passengers. Also, LAS provides a visual paging system and TDD phones 24h a day. Where are the car rental suppliers at the airport in Las Vegas? LAS features an off-site car rental center for travelers looking to procure car rentals after landing at LAS. The McCarran Rent-A-Car facility is approximately three miles from LAS and is easily accessible via Interstates 215 and 15. The Terminal 1 shuttle pickup stop is on level 1, outside doors 11 and 10, while the Terminal 3 stop is on level zero, outside doors 55-58. How can I get from LAS into the center of Las Vegas? If you are looking for a convenient and affordable way to get to The Strip, you can catch a bus at Terminal 1 and it will head into the heart of Las Vegas, just south of the airport. What are the terminal transfer options at the Las Vegas airport? LAS has two terminals and 108 gates within five concourses. LAS’ tram, the Automated Mover, serves the terminal’s airside. The Automated Mover has three lines; the blue line serves the D gates and Terminal 1, the red line links Terminal 3 to the D gates, and the green line serves Terminal 1 and the C gates. Additionally, Terminals 1 and 3 are linked by shuttles. How can I fly from SNA to LAS? Spirit Airlines and Frontier operate several non-stop flights SNA-LAS every day, departing at various times throughout the day. Spirit Airlines, American Airlines, and United Airlines operate many flights per day that have one stop. Layovers occur in such cities such as Oakland (OAK), Phoenix (PHX), and San Francisco (SFO). Does the airport in Santa Ana welcome travelers with pets? SNA is a pet-friendly airport. The airline hub provides three animal-relief areas for travelers flying with service animals or pets. Pre-security pet-relief spots are found at parking structures C and A1 entrances. The post-security relief spot is found adjacent to Gates 13 and 12. Be sure to read up on your flight provider’s pet policies before reserving your trip. Does SNA provide a lounge for members of the US military? The USO at SNA offers active-duty members of the US military and their families a place to relax and regroup while they are traveling through the airport. The USO is open Sunday through Friday from 6 am to 10 pm, and on Saturday from 6 am to 6 pm. Amenities at this lounge include drinks, snacks, and coffee and tea. There is also comfortable seating, air conditioning and an area where kids can play. There are also charging stations, Wi-Fi, desks and work areas, as well as board games, table games, TV, and cable. What are some good hotels near the airport in Santa Ana? If your Santa Ana-to-Las Vegas flight leaves early in the morning, it is best to spend the night near SNA for a hassle-free trip. Some accommodations near the airline hub with airport shuttle services include Hampton Inn & Suites Irvine-Orange County Airport, Ayres Hotel Costa - Newport Beach, and Hilton Garden Inn Irvine/Orange County Airport. Which are the eco-friendliest airlines flying this route? Flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas rerelease roughly 681 lbs. per person, with nonstop flights being eco-friendlier than layover flights. Environmentally responsible passengers should consider reserving flights with American Airlines, Frontier, and Spirit Airlines, which are the most sustainable carriers on this route. They release 79%, 78%, and 77% less carbon, respectively. Where can I lounge at the airport in Las Vegas? LAS has several lounges for passengers looking for a serene space to recuperate after their flight from Santa Ana. With a lounge pass or membership program, you can access the Centurion Lounge in Terminal 1 across from Gate D1, Concourse D, and The Club at LAS in Terminal 3 at Gate E2. Do I need a passport to fly between Santa Ana and Las Vegas? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airports will I be using when flying from Santa Ana to Las Vegas? When flying out of Santa Ana you will be using Santa Ana J. Wayne/Orange Cnty. You will be landing at Las Vegas, also known as Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas? JetBlue, Delta, American Airlines, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Santa Ana to Las Vegas flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Santa Ana to Las Vegas flight route. On which days can I fly direct from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas? There are nonstop flights from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas, Allegiant Air or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas are Allegiant Air and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $84 and an overall rating of 7.2, Allegiant Air is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $366 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from John Wayne (Santa Ana) is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to John Wayne (Santa Ana) with another airline. Booking your flights between John Wayne (Santa Ana) and LAS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from John Wayne (Santa Ana) up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SNA to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $34 or less one-way and $59 or less round-trip. The John Wayne Airport (SNA) brings trained therapy dogs into the airport to interact with passengers through their AirPAWS Therapy Dog program. Dogs and their trained handlers roam the airport looking to comfort any passengers who might feel stressed, confused, or bereaved. All passengers are very much encouraged to pet, snuggle, smooch, and hug these dogs. John Wayne Airport (SNA) welcomes all guests. The airline hub has the Helping Hands Personalized Travel Assistance program for disabled passengers to help ease their travel stress. Also, restrooms and ground transportation shuttles are wheelchair-accessible. SNA provides traveling mothers with a Nursing Mother's Lounge. This is a private, quiet space where mothers can nurse in private if they prefer or pump if they need to. The lounge is located in Terminal B by gates 11 and 12. This room has comfortable seating, a changing table, adjustable lighting, and a sink. It is decorated with colorful artwork by children and there is room enough for luggage and other children a nursing mother might be traveling with. Art enthusiasts can check out the art exhibits throughout SNA as they await their flights to Las Vegas. These include “Flight of Ideas” by Beth Nybeck in Terminal C above the baggage carousels. If you are traveling to Las Vegas to gamble and you want to start as soon as possible, you are in luck. The Harry Reid National Airport (LAS) has over 1,400 slot machines in the terminal building. So once you land in Vegas, you can start having some gambling fun before you even leave the airport. Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) is family-friendly for passengers with kids. The airport’s children’s area is in Terminal 1’s D gates on level 2. Lactating suites are at the D Concourse in Terminal 1 and Terminal 3’s Gate E. If you want to get the kinks out of your flight-sore muscles before you leave the LAS airport, consider getting a massage or another relaxing treatment at the XpresSpa. You will find this retail venue at the A/B gates level in Terminal 1. As you wind your way out of the airport in LAS, consider passing by the baggage claim at Terminal 1 to visit The Aviation Museum. This fascinating installation features stories and information about the first flights and flyers in Las Vegas in the 1920’s. A 1958 Cessna 172, which holds the world record for endurance aloft, is on display in the museum. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Santa Ana J. Wayne/Orange Cnty to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from J. Wayne/Orange Cnty to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Santa Ana J. Wayne/Orange Cnty to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Tuesday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Wednesday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Thursday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Friday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Saturday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Sunday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Santa Ana J. Wayne/Orange Cnty Search Flights Monday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Tuesday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Wednesday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Thursday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Friday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Saturday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Sunday Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Frontier, JetBlue, +2 more 1 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Santa Ana to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Santa Ana to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Santa Ana to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 79food 85boarding 78entertainment 85overall 82comfort 88crew Airline reviews Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport" Pros: "The snack was a whole sandwich that was quite tasty and in my opinion far better than the two meals I was served on my US to Europe flight on Condor. The staff were very kind, accommodating and served us damp linens to wipe our hands with before eating, which I did not receive on the Condor flight." Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Pros: "No hassle and easy boarding." Cons: "More room and limit on size of luggage in the overhead compartment." Pros: "The flight itself was as expected." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3+ hours with no reasoning shared with travelers. No compensation, complimentary beverage, etc. was provided." Pros: "Friendly, courteous, efficient flight attendant." Cons: "I would have liked a TV screen on the back of the seat. I didn’t see a place to plug in head phones. It was fine though, since I slept and read most of the trip." Pros: "no, I had to sit in a middle Seat but that's because everyone loves flying alaska" Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "I didn’ ask for internet but i was charged$25 I don’t know what to name it !" Pros: "Friendly staff" Cons: "No food offered but I usually don’t eat food but some passengers were asking about the food service" Pros: "The food was obvs a little expensive but it was good." Cons: "No entertainment." Miss the tv at least showing the map as one travels. Pros: "This was an older plane with no upgrades including no Internet and the very small poor quality Monitors in the back of the seat in front of each passenger. The seats were very uncomfortable. The transfer in Vancouver after customs involved going outside in the cold to and from the bus. There was no warning. The customs area red jacketed help personnel told us that it was just as fast to go throught the general customs are instead of using our Nexus cards and this turned out to take forever. So very disappointing." Cons: "Better communication at all levels. Remember that the overall strength of a chain is only as strong as its weakest link and this trip had many weak links for us making it a challenge." Pros: "The crew worked hard to ensure that we had a good flight with minimal interruptions" Cons: "Delays always hurt, the flight was delayed yet there were no notifications and additionally the delay was closer to an hour long since boarding only started 20 minutes late." Cons: "Like all airlines it would be nice if there was an extra inch between the seats. Also, unfortunately the video wasn't working." Pros: "Good legroom in premium economy, power outlets at all seats" Cons: "WiFi speed was terrible" Pros: "The crew went out of his way to help us!" Cons: "The landing was the worst I have ever experienced! Must be a student pilot or something! Been traveling for many years and never once vomit! I almost did in this flight! twice!!" Cons: "No explanation was given why flight left almost 2 hours late" Cons: "Don't like having to download app for entertainment....some devices not current enough to download.. Not everyone has devices Kids disappointed..prefer Alaska monitors" Pros: "Pleasant Staff Great flight" Cons: "that i paid to get a seat next to my brother and the plane was not full and people got to sit where they liked. it cost me more money for nothing." Pros: "Good movies...uuneventful flight and on time. Good service and funny steward." Cons: "The ground crew in Calgary were slow getting boarding ramp onto aircraft. Little leg room in coach in rear seats." Pros: "The flight from CVG to LAS pretty quick" Cons: "Allegiance staff at Check-in staff are very rude AMD full of themselves, instead of explaining they expect every traveler know policies of allegiant, there are no boarding pass scanners and to print for you they want $5 if not they force to download their app so that you can get the boarding pass that can be read by TSA scanners ridiculous!!" Pros: "Boarding was fast. We arrived early." Cons: "It was too cold & they kept turning on the lights (it was a late night flight)." Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "The AC was broken - only the front half of the plane was getting it. The back half was very hot." Pros: "Great crew and online customer service..." Cons: "1- Flight Behind Schedule 2- Live customer service agents are truly non-existent until 1.5hrs before ‘departure’" Pros: "Arrived on time after boarding was delayed. Great price/ you get what you pay for." Cons: "No diaper changing station in any of the 3 bathrooms.flight attendants could have been friendlier" Cons: "I am so angry booking with them. I booked the flight and then thought, ok I will add a rental car. It said clearly that the rental Car could be canceled up until 24 hours before the flight. Well, 2 weeks before the flight, my friend said, don’t get a rental car, I will have my car. So I cancelled and only then did I find out that once I booked it through their site I could not get a refund for the car and I could only get a voucher for use on one of their flights! And only after they take out any fees and costs that was accrued! So angry!" Cons: "Flight was very late. Have to pay $45 for a carry-on bag. Seats were uncomfortable and have to pay for all snacks and drinks including water." Pros: "Better than on time Smooth sailing through south bend airport!" Cons: "Just have to remember thrift airline No seat going back" Cons: "Cut my already short trip even shorter. I used this airline twice now, and both times I was delayed." Cons: "I understand that Allegiant has a pricing structure to implement, but forcing passengers to keep personal items between their feet when most of the overhead compartments were empty was just insulting and ridiculous - not to mention dangerous. In the event of extreme turbulence (or worse), all those personal items would be flying around the cabin." Pros: "Crew did the best they could with the situation" Cons: "An hr delay because our plane was delayed an hr due to there being too much fuel and it seems a lot of delays that were very preventable" Cons: "The crew was outstanding and the aircraft was new and comfy" Pros: "Great crew - good attitudes." Cons: "Delayed for an hour due to a log book issue." Cons: "I upgraded my seats, but we still didn’t get any extras for the price." Pros: "Left on time. TSA boarding pass." Cons: "1. Seats uncomfortable- too close together. Causing the person in the middle to lean on me. 2. The seat in front of me reclined into my space leaving me no room to extract my food tray and to cramped to work on my computer. 3. When buying a ticket no assigned seat. Paid 100.00 extra to select my seat and it didn’t allow me to choose anyway. When I went to select my return seat I had two choices- a middle seat or pay an additional 35.00 for a premium seat. 4. Had to pay 140.00 for luggage with no carry on (70.00 each way) 5. Not going to fly American anymore." Cons: "I waited over 45 minutes for luggage to even begin to unload. Absolutely ridiculous" Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Cons: "It took entirely too long to board the plane. Then there were ‘mechanical issues’ that needed dealt with. Well, don’t have everyone sit on the plane for 60 minutes. Don’t continuously state ‘it’ll be fifteen minutes.’ Just give straight answers" Pros: "It was fine. Just not anything great." Cons: "Many groups were not seated together. at the airport I asked if my husband and I could be put together . One worker seemed interested in helping, but another rudely butted in and said there "were no seats together, the flight was full." Come to find out the flight was not full, there were whole rows not full. The groups near our seats rearranged ourselves so we could be by our family members, so it worked out. No thanks to the person at the terminal. Really long walk from the gate to the plane. No food on a cross country flight. Only a few cups of water/soda and a cookie. which unfortunately is typical now days. The lights were off the whole trip. The captain kept turning on the seat belt sign for the turbulence. Which there was a lot of. But then he would announce for everyone to go back to their seats. It wasn't huge bumps, just a little rough. and it woke everyone up by announcing it multiple times." Pros: "Pleasantly surprised by AA. I would definitely fly AA again" Pros: "Got there safely." Cons: "The seats are miserable small and uncomfortable. More options for snacks for the cost of the ticket!!!" Pros: "Comfy seats" Cons: "Flight delayed and the entertainment was expensive. No charging outlet" Pros: "Flight was smooth, attendants were great." Cons: "I was so uncomfortable in my tiny seat. They are small and awful." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "After the entire flight was boarded & ready to go the plane had a mechanical issue before take off. Had to sit on the plan for 90 minutes before we were allowed to exit the plane. No other flights available For family of three until 3 days later! Had to demand to be transferred to another airline so my family & I can go home the next morning. Overall stuck in SNA airport for 8 hours. Didn’t get a refund for baggage, instead was given meal vouchers for the airport in the morning. United did provide hotel for the night but nothing special. United staff where nice to make the best of the situation." Cons: "Crew member working at the gate told the lady next to me "get in line if you'd like to complain" regarding the continuous delays. Crew member let us know that united was aware of our delay ed take of 4:05 rather than 1:00pm several hours before yet, We were only informed through notifications in increments of 30 minutes. be transparent with your customers, the delay would have been much less frustrating had we known. Instead notifications every 30mins were teasing us that we're about to leave but it's clear united had not intention of taking off. Also crew member on board serving beverages "I need your money" is an extremely unprofessional and inappropriate way to ask for a card." Cons: "We were in first class first row, the crew kept talking and laughing during the entire flight (this is a 5 hours flight and we landed at 5am). Loud and banging the trolleys (why, everyone is trying to sleep!). We asked them to not speak as loud, but to no avail.... asking for a glass a water was a no no, you could clearly see they were not there to help you... The entertainment system was a vintage tiny TV which did not work well anyway (loss of image...). The seat was half broken. Not sure where the first class experience was. United please do something... Start first with your employees. Send them to Southwest for training..." Pros: "I liked that it was on time." Cons: "The flight attendants are rude and cranky. The plane was hot and over booked." Cons: "The check-in staff was dismissive and unhelpful when I arrived past the 45 minute bag check cut-off time due to traffic. No help getting a bag check refund even though I paid for it a day early. Come to find out that the gate staff was courtesy checking everyone's bags anyway, and they took it with a smile. Those fools at the front were content to take my money and tell me to somehow mail my luggage to my destination (not possible since the flight was boarding in 35 minutes). There needs to be communication with the check in staff regarding courtesy check ins." Pros: "First of all the captain let us board early and get settled, the flight attendants were very friendly and the take off and landing were smooth, it was a great flight the seats were comfortable and the trip was short." Pros: "The view and legroom was nice." Cons: "I collect disability each month so I am on a very tight budget. The Spanish speaking woman that pushed my wheelchair told me that I can bring my water bottles full of water through the metal detectors. I asked if she could take me somewhere to pour them out and refill them on the other side. They threw them away at the metal detector. So I had to buy a new bottle for my medicine that I have to take. You would think she would have got it by me carrying these bottles around but nope. She actually said to me that I can give her gratuity now if I wanted. I gave her $1. She then replied in a sarcastic voice " Thankyou you are soooo generous. I don't like feeling obligated to tip somebody because I am disabled and have a bullet in my head." Alaska Airlines8.3 WestJet7.7 Allegiant Air7.2 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Santa Ana to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 15mSNA-LAS $24 Search 1/3Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 14mSNA-LAS $25 Search 2/8Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 15mSNA-LAS $32 Search 12/11Mon 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 47mSNA-LAS $33 Search 12/23Sat 1 stopAllegiant Air 13h 15mSNA-LAS $86 Search 2/13Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 48mSNA-LAS $100 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopAllegiant Air 8h 30mSNA-LAS $111 Search 1/11Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 43mSNA-LAS $130 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 41mSNA-LAS $140 Search 1/17Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 11h 00mSNA-LAS $200 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAllegiant AirAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$100 or less$130 or less$200 or less Last minute flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 15mSNA-LAS 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 1h 15mLAS-SNA $40 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 1h 15mSNA-LAS 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 15mLAS-SNA $48 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 15mSNA-LAS 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 15mLAS-SNA $49 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 1h 15mSNA-LAS 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 15mLAS-SNA $50 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 1h 15mSNA-LAS 1/5Fri nonstop 1h 17mLAS-SNA $52 Search 12/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 14mSNA-LAS 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 14mLAS-SNA $59 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 14mSNA-LAS 1/5Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 14mLAS-SNA $60 Search 12/2Sat nonstop 1h 14mSNA-LAS 12/6Wed nonstop 1h 15mLAS-SNA $61 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 20mSNA-LAS 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 24mLAS-SNA $343 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 20mSNA-LAS 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 01mLAS-SNA $353 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$50 or less$50 or less$60 or less$60 or less$350 or less Santa Ana - Las Vegas Flights Departure: John Wayne (Santa Ana) (SNA)United States Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - John Wayne (Santa Ana) Cabin classes: First Class flights to Las Vegas Business Class flights to Las Vegas Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas $37 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Santa Ana $37Flights from Santa Ana to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $37Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Compare transportation modes for John Wayne (Santa Ana) to Las Vegas Average price Average duration Flights $80 1h 14m Buses $133 4h 22m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from John Wayne (Santa Ana). KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Las Vegas from John Wayne (Santa Ana). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.