Cheap Flights from Boston to Florida from $33 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Boston to Florida from $33 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/27. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Florida ...and more Latest Florida Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULAROrlando From Boston Nonstop from $58 Search Flights Miami From Boston Nonstop from $68 Search Flights Fort Lauderdale From Boston Nonstop from $79 Search Flights Tampa From Boston 1 stop from $70 Search Flights Fort Myers From Boston Nonstop from $106 Search Flights Jacksonville From Boston 1 stop from $162 Search Flights Good to know Low season September High season April Cheapest flight $33 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 31% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 28% increase in price. Flight from Boston to Miami FAQs - booking Florida flights Which parking services are offered at General Edward Lawrence Logan International Airport (BOS)? All terminals are close to the Central Parking Garage, which is reachable through covered walkways with moving sidewalks. At Boston Logan, Central offers both short and long-term parking. Those flying out of Terminal B have easy access to the Terminal B Garage. There are choices for both long-term and temporary parking. With complimentary shuttle service to all terminals, Economy Parking provides parking close to the airport. Where can I find lounges at Boston International Airport (BOS)? The Club and Air France Lounge are both in Terminal E, and you can only access them with a prepaid lounge pass. American Airlines Admirals Club and United Club are in Terminal B, and you can have access by paying at the door or having a lounge membership. Access to the lounge in Terminal C is granted by paying at the door or having a prepaid lounge pass. British Airways Lounge, Delta Sky Club, Emirates Lounge, Lufthansa Business Lounge, and Virgin Atlantic Lounge, fliers with Business/First tickets or frequent flyers with elite status are permitted access to these lounges. They are all in Terminal E. Which layover options are available from Boston to Florida? Few flights from Boston to Florida have at least one stop en route. The stopover options vary depending on the destination airport and airline. If you are flying from BOS‐RSW, the stopovers include new yoke city Airport (NYC) - Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR), and Indianapolis International Airport (IND). Peter Pan Bus Lines and Spirit Airlines have two-stop offerings. If you are flying from BOS‐ECP, stops include Charlotte Douglas International Airport (CLT) and Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA). Can I rent a car at Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport (ECP)? Yes. Enterprise, Hertz, National, Alamo, and Avis are some of the more well-known rental vehicle companies. However, Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport also carries other rental car companies. Get the most significant rental vehicle deal by making reservations early. Receive your rental agreement after presenting identification. The counter employee will hand the customer their car keys and driving instructions. You can take the shuttle from Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport to a neighboring rental car facility. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Boston to Florida? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Boston to Florida. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Boston to Florida? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Florida from Boston is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Boston to Florida? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Florida with an airline and back to Boston with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Boston to Florida? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Florida from Boston up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Florida Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Boston to the following destinations at these prices or less: Fort Lauderdale $104 one-way - $190 round-trip; Orlando $76 one-way - $133 round-trip; Miami $114 one-way - $251 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be March and April. The cheapest month to fly from Boston is September. Morning departure is around 16% cheaper than an evening flight, on average*. Southwest Florida International Airport (RSW) provides elevators, bathrooms, visual paging, and TDD telephones, just a few of the ADA amenities. Parking is also available (with a valid disabled license plate or placard). If you have time to spare at General Edward Lawrence Logan International Airport (BOS), all across the airport, there are both ongoing and one-time art exhibitions. The locations of the artwork are listed at a Public Services Information Booth. Are you traveling at BOS with a four-legged friend? Every terminal has a designated place on the Arrival level curb where pets can relieve themselves. A pet rest area is available in Terminal E after you are Airside, across from Gate E7. If you are looking for non-stop flights from Boston to Florida, consider flying to RSW. Many airlines, such as Spirit Airlines, Delta, and jet blue, offer direct flights from BOS-RSW. If you are looking for family services at Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport (ECP), a mother's room is available, complete with a changing table and seats. Airside, next to Gates 6 and 7. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Boston to FloridaNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Boston to Florida? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19620 reviews 82comfort 83boarding 79entertainment 82overall 78food 86crew Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was excellent. Boarding was great." Cons: "I had significant delays on both the flight to Logan & the flight back to Charlotte."Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Crew was excellent. Boarding was great." Cons: "I had significant delays on both the flight to Logan & the flight back to Charlotte." Cons: "The headphone jack.was worn out, so the audio was sporadic." Pros: "Crew was nice and accommodating. Plenty of leg room in regular cabin. Good entertainment options.?" Pros: "so easy. thank you for having Starbucks in the DCA and BOS terminals. got text msgs about delays and all smooth!" Pros: "This older airplane has lots of room. And has free TV and movies on domestic flights on all seats." Cons: "However an older plane does not have touch screens and movie choice is limited." Pros: "Boarding was great and on-time. Flight took a bit longer due to the weather." Cons: "Couldn't understand any of the in-flight announcements. My in-flight entertainment didn't work right." Pros: "I've been flying budget airlines for so long that I was almost shocked to fly an airline that actually cares about its passengers! I kid you not, when they offered coffee to all passengers, I was so sure they would charge us I turned it down. Then, I noticed no one else was paying for it. The next time free snacks and drinks came around, I made sure to grab some! I also appreciated the few extra inches of leg room in every row. Being 6'3", not many planes are designed with your comfort in mind. I fit fairly comfortably in a non-emergency row seat. Last time I flew to Baltimore for work, I had a terrible experience with a different airline. It was $200 less expensive than most airlines, but I ended up paying more in baggage fees and seats. It was only a 1 hour flight and My boss said, "Cheap things usually cost you more, in money, time, and emotion" and nothing has been truer. I always assumed that flights were always unpleasant experiences. Now, I know better." Cons: "The seats, while having more than average leg room, still weren't very comfortable. Not that I'm expecting a luxury experience while flying economy, but I felt as though the headrest was farther back than average. I can usually fall asleep on a plane and wake up without neck pain, but I really struggled to even figure out a relaxing position this time around. I also did not know that JetBlue did not serve meals on cross-country flights. Or, on any flights for that matter. Had I known, I probably would've picked up a breakfast sandwich before boarding." Pros: "There was a weather delay and we were kept informed. Communications from the pilots were able to be understood. Best ever in that regard." Pros: "The crew members were great- really friendly and accommodating." Cons: "Turbulence. But like... nobody can make that stop so basically it was perfect" Cons: "Had to pick up gate-checked bag at carousel. But it arrived quickly." Pros: "The crew was great. The pilots too." Cons: "The audio and video at my seat did not work correctly." Cons: "Nothing, really. Airlines unfortunately can’t make people patient or polite, & I can’t afford a private jet, so I’ll have to settle for an eye roll or twelve." Cons: "During this trip all my flights got delayed and I was told that I could not get a hotel room and had to pay for myself." Pros: "The crew was very friendly. The plane was very quiet (except for noisy crying babies)." Cons: "Unless you can afford the higher priced "comfort class" or first class seats, the seating is very, very cramped on Delta's 757s. It's a good thing the flight was only 5+ hours (but that's not long enough to get any decent amount of sleep on this flight scheduled as a redeye)." Pros: "The only thing I liked about the experience and flight was the Delta Sky Club" Cons: "Everything" Pros: "Seat was hard, not much foot space" Cons: "My wife and Iasked for a snack, it was never delivered" Pros: "Seating was fine" Cons: "Did not have a wheelchair waiting for my wife when we arrived in LAX" Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "An hour and a half late, terrible communication about scheduling" Cons: "Even the baggage was quick (highly unusual for Columbus, Ohio)! Everything went smoothly." Pros: "nice crew" Cons: "terrible seat comfort, late departure due to airline’s booking problems" Pros: "Can i request for a food that us not pork? I don't eat pork nor shrimp, i will be traveling on the 5th of January again and i don't want that we will be starving again for the second time since last time we never eat for they don't have anything substitute for pork. Hope they will serve some chicken or beef for not everyone will eat pork and to starve while on the plane is not acceptable for we paid for it. Thanks" Pros: "Crew are very kind and seat are fabulous as i was able to sleep since i dont have a seat meate :-)" Pros: "BC middles seats are good for couples and one of the better laid out BC’s. Service was good but maybe not as JAL, ANA, or SQ." Cons: "The console storage/center tables was splattered with coke or coffee and was not properly wiped down during cleaning." Pros: "Hardware was excellent. One of the most comfortable First Class seats for sure." Cons: "CX first class is designed more for individual travelers so for couples who want to sit beside one another there will be an aisle in between them. The Boston BA lounge is horrific and depressing so it should be avoided." Pros: "The crew was great. They were very quick to respond to any requests and were very accommodating." Pros: "Everything, thank you. See you next time. The best airplane" Pros: "The crew was excellent...very flexible with meal service and appropriate presence during the long 14 hour flight." Cons: "Quality of movie options not very good." Pros: "Smooth flight and service." Cons: "Only one water closet was available and there were no amenities given such as socks or toothbrush as other international flights provide." Pros: "I traveled this time with my wife and 8 year old twin daughters. For the long haul flight from Boston to HongKong, they let all families with children (including us) board earlier, which not all airlines do, and which was much appreciated. It wasn't as big of a deal for the HongKong to Taipei puddle jumper. Crew was very attentive, responding rapidly to calls and rebooting the entertainment system when needed. They were also quick with providing water and ramen noodles when we needed them. Seats were OK, a little short on leg room on the 777, better on the Airbus 350's. In flight entertainment options were very good for the adults, decent for the kids (they seemed to be struggling to find things to watch)." Cons: "Food options are disappointing. The congee breakfasts have insipid, watery rice and dull flavored savories, and the sausage-and-egg breakfasts aren't much better. Dinner options were also disappointing, with so-so pepper beef and chicken that was not much past good. Snack options mid-flight were OK; they were generous with potato chips, caramel popcorn, chocolate and cookies, but the apples were mealy and there wasn't much in the way of healthy snack options." Cons: "Incoming plane was late so that there off departure schedule. Flight to HK was late as well. Bad luck or bad scheduling?" Cons: "The flight from Boston was extremely delayed,but miraculasly, the boarding to conecting FinnAir flight 6, took extra 10 minutes, which gave me a chance not to catch it. Though, me and the AA rep., had to cross-run about a mile up and down the escalators at terminal 8 , my baggage was left behind and did not make a transfer to FinnAir 6. At final destination I was asked to file a lost baggage claim. If not the initial flight from Logan, everything should go smoother." Pros: "Friendly service, quality new airplane, American airlines has improved a lot!" Pros: "Good pilot/ crew to passenger interection. Great movie and entertainment selections." Cons: "Turbulence but airline / pilot can't control that." Pros: "Smooth flight, not too bumpy. Also flew on time and landed early. Free beer" Cons: "No internet. No tv screens. Jet blue is still better." Pros: "Newer seating configuration on A321. Decent leg room." Cons: "Crew claimed turbulence prevented in-flight service. Also couldn’t use GoGo WiFi from either of my iPhones. Disappointing, unremarkable flight." Pros: "We had to wait in the airplane upon arrival in La Guardia NY because wheelchair was not ready." Pros: "Everything great. Rate food and entertainment moderate because there was no dinner, which we did not require, and we went to sleep so didn't pay attention to entertainment." Pros: "The flight crew was professional, friendly and competent. They served the dinner as early in the flight as possible." Cons: "This was a plane with central screens along the aisle, and the airline chose to broadcast a sci-fi action movie with almost constant flashing blue light, and violent action scenes. This was first of all a movie that many people, including me, would never choose to watch, but since it was on the aisle screens there was no getting away from it. It was also unsuitable for children, even without sound. But mainly, I object to the showing of any film in that situation - only aisle screens available, and on a night flight where most of the passengers are trying to sleep. I was awakened several times by the flashing lights. Other things: one of the bathrooms was not very clean, and the plane felt like the usual cattlecar, with just 3 seats on each side of the aisle, which is unusual and unpleasant for a transatlantic flight." Pros: "The crew were pleasant and friendly. They tried the best that they could given the circumstances." Cons: "My flights were delayed so I missed my connection. I had to fly a red-eye from San Fran to Boston getting in at 6AM with meetings that started at 10AM...had to BUY a day-pass at the Admirals Club (I feel this could have been provided as it was mechanical issues that caused the delays). THEN my trip from Boston home were delayed so they switched me to another flight and then THAT one was delayed twice so I actually got home later than if I had taken the original flight! Overall the flights really sucked!!" Cons: "American Airlines made me check my carry-on luggage, despite there being many open overhead compartments visible on the plane." Cons: "We sat on the plane for a (scheduled) hour before take-off. What gives?!" Pros: "Crew was friendly and helpful. The setting was such that I could read when I wanted to read and rest when I wanted to rest." Cons: "I missed not having a flight tracker. Otherwise I really can't think of any negatives." Pros: "Mostly to be expected." Cons: "Delayed flight but no communication of this. Had to check online." Cons: "Add an N/A option to the ratings in case something was not available on the flight. For example, the flight I took didn't have a food served or any entertainment. So I don't know how many stars to give you." Pros: "The crew was polite" Cons: "Literaly everything besides the crew was sub-par. Deterred me from flying spirit again. Seats were very uncomfortable and did not recline" Pros: "Nothing at all" Cons: "Who bumps you off a domestic flight if you're not already checked into 2 hours ahead of time? Spirit that's who. The adage is true, you get what you pay for. We paid for a scam with spirit. They apparently have an odd policing if you haven't checked in at the airport 2 hours ahead of your flight, you don't get to fly. No one alerted us to this policy and spirit even double down on the claim the my didn't have our contact information to alert us while I was actively receiving texts from them. Did nothing to try and help us. Pay more elsewhere. It will save you in he long run." Cons: "ALL THE ADDITIONAL FEES, including bags, picking seats, and soda on board! Seems misleading" Cons: "The fact that Spirit didn't let me board my flight or reimburse me or put me on another flight unless I payed a $99 fee." Pros: "left on time" Cons: "too small seat selctions-felt ike sardines in a can" Cons: "I went to the airport 35 min before the flight left with no luggage. I was told that Airline policy is to cutoff at 45 minutes and so they did not give me a boarding pass. I asked for alternative arrangements. They said that they can give me a ticket for a flight 48 hours later. They also said that they do not partner with other airlines so they cannot help. I purchased a ticket with another airline and left a few hours later. The staff told me that this is an everyday occurrence. Policies are fine but the staff should provide alternate solutions." JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Cathay Pacific8.0 American Airlines7.2 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Boston to Florida Recent one-way flight deals 1/27Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 41mBOS-MIA $33 Search 2/27Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 28mBOS-MIA $34 Search 2/27Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 32mBOS-FLL $64 Search 2/6Tue nonstopDelta 3h 38mBOS-TPA $68 Search 1/23Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 34mBOS-MIA $69 Search 1/15Mon nonstopDelta 3h 37mBOS-PBI $69 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 15mBOS-PBI $77 Search 2/3Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 51mBOS-MCO $78 Search 1/4Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 42mBOS-SRQ $94 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 7h 18mBOS-MIA $109 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$70 or less$70 or less$80 or less$110 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 1/8Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 33mBOS-MCO 1/13Sat nonstopFrontier 3h 08mMCO-BOS $58 Search 12/11Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 29mBOS-MCO 12/15Fri nonstopFrontier 3h 12mMCO-BOS $59 Search 1/29Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 41mBOS-MIA 2/3Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 23mMIA-BOS $68 Search 2/3Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 41mBOS-MIA 2/10Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 23mMIA-BOS $69 Search 1/1Mon nonstopDelta 3h 28mBOS-MCO 1/17Wed nonstopDelta 2h 58mMCO-BOS $128 Search 1/16Tue nonstopDelta 3h 43mBOS-TPA 1/25Thu nonstopDelta 3h 04mTPA-BOS $133 Search 1/10Wed nonstopJetBlue 3h 29mBOS-MIA 1/17Wed nonstopJetBlue 3h 13mMIA-BOS $138 Search 1/14Sun nonstopJetBlue 3h 25mBOS-PBI 1/23Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 08mPBI-BOS $138 Search 2/2Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 06mBOS-PBI 2/4Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 27mPBI-BOS $154 Search 2/10Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 15mBOS-MCO 2/17Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 02mMCO-BOS $154 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaJetBlueAmerican Airlines Search by price$60 or less$70 or less$130 or less$140 or less$150 or less Last minute flights from Boston to Florida Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 29mBOS-MCO 12/8Fri nonstopFrontier 3h 12mMCO-BOS $75 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 29mBOS-MCO 12/12Tue multi-stopFrontier 9h 05mMCO-BOS $78 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 37mBOS-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 47mFLL-BOS $116 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 28mBOS-MCO 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 06mMCO-BOS $120 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopJetBlue 4h 51mBOS-JAX 12/6Wed multi-stopJetBlue 4h 33mJAX-BOS $229 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 29mBOS-MIA 12/22Fri nonstopJetBlue 3h 13mMIA-BOS $253 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 3h 06mBOS-JAX 12/12Tue nonstopDelta 2h 39mJAX-BOS $259 Search 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 3h 29mBOS-TPA 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 3h 03mTPA-BOS $273 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 30mBOS-JAX 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 23mJAX-BOS $275 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 27mBOS-JAX 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 45mJAX-BOS $276 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesJetBlueDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$80 or less$120 or less$250 or less$270 or less$280 or less Boston - Florida Flights Departure: Boston (BOS)United States Return flight deals: Florida - Boston Cabin classes: $655 First Class flights to Florida $613 Business Class flights to Florida $366 Prem Econ Class flights to Florida $61 Economy Class flights to Florida Browse origins: Flights » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $66Flights from Boston to Florida Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida $66Flights to Boca Raton, Florida $70Flights to Bradenton, Florida Flights to Cape Canaveral, Florida $105Flights to Cape Coral, Florida $70Flights to Clearwater Beach, Florida $70Flights to Clearwater, Florida Flights to Cocoa Beach, Florida $197Flights to Daytona Beach, Florida $66Flights to Delray Beach, Florida $66Flights to Florida Keys, Florida $68Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Florida $105Flights to Fort Myers Beach, Florida $105Flights to Fort Myers, Florida $237Flights to Gainesville, Florida $66Flights to Islamorada, Florida $170Flights to Jacksonville, Florida $66Flights to Key Largo, Florida $207Flights to Key West, Florida Flights to Kissimmee, Florida $66Flights to Marco Island, Florida $217Flights to Melbourne, Florida, Florida $66Flights to Miami Beach, Florida $66Flights to Miami, Florida $858Flights to Naples, Florida, Florida Flights to New Smyrna Beach, Florida Flights to Ocala, Florida $68Flights to Orlando, Florida $277Flights to Panama City, Florida, Florida $125Flights to Pensacola, Florida $66Flights to Pompano Beach, Florida $68Flights to Port St. Lucie, Florida $293Flights to Punta Gorda, Florida $101Flights to Sarasota, Florida $101Flights to Siesta Key, Florida $303Flights to Tallahassee, Florida $70Flights to Tampa, Florida $246Flights to Tampa, Florida $239Flights to Valparaiso, Florida, Florida Flights to Vero Beach, Florida $134Flights to West Palm Beach, Florida View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Fort Myers Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Florida flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Florida from Boston. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Florida from Boston. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.