Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to Montreal from C$ 111 | (YYZ - YUL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYZ - YUL Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal from C$ 111 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 29/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Montreal These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Montreal, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Montreal, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Pearson Intl to Montreal?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pearson Intl to Montreal that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:00 a.m. - 11:16 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 16mdirect 7:25 p.m. - 9:00 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 35mdirect C$ 169Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 22 Dec - Sat, 6 Jan 10:00 a.m. - 11:20 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 20mdirect 7:25 p.m. - 9:00 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 35mdirect C$ 170Porter Airlines Find Deal Sat, 23 Dec - Sat, 30 Dec 12:35 a.m. - 1:55 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 20mdirect 7:00 a.m. - 8:36 a.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 36mdirect C$ 171Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 23 Dec - Thu, 4 Jan 10:00 a.m. - 11:20 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 20mdirect 7:25 p.m. - 9:00 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 35mdirect C$ 172Porter Airlines Find Deal Sat, 23 Dec - Sat, 30 Dec 10:55 p.m. - 12:11 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 16mdirect 7:35 a.m. - 9:11 a.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 36mdirect C$ 173Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 15 Dec - Sun, 17 Dec 10:00 a.m. - 11:16 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 16mdirect 12:30 p.m. - 1:55 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 25mdirect C$ 174Porter Airlines Find Deal Sun, 24 Dec - Tue, 26 Dec 9:00 a.m. - 10:20 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 20mdirect 7:00 a.m. - 8:36 a.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 36mdirect C$ 184Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 16 Dec - Tue, 19 Dec 12:35 a.m. - 1:55 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 20mdirect 10:00 p.m. - 11:36 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 36mdirect C$ 186Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 28 Dec - Fri, 5 Jan 6:20 a.m. - 7:40 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 20mdirect 7:00 a.m. - 8:36 a.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 36mdirect C$ 196Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 15 Dec - Sun, 17 Dec 8:05 p.m. - 11:14 a.m.YYZ-YUL 15h 09m1 stop 7:25 p.m. - 9:00 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 35mdirect C$ 236 Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Sat, 23 Dec Show more results Flights from Pearson Intl to Montreal - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pearson Intl to Montreal to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is January, where tickets cost C$ 153 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are September and June, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 305 and C$ 301 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 89 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Montreal from Toronto Pearson Airport were found on Porter Airlines (C$ 111) and Air Canada (C$ 115), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Porter Airlines (C$ 229) and Air Canada (C$ 232). Which airlines fly most frequently between Toronto Pearson Airport and Montreal? The airlines most regularly connecting Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal are Air Canada (12 flights per day), Porter Airlines (4 flights per day), and WestJet (one flight per day). Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport. There are 4 airlines that fly direct from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Porter Airlines, Royal Jordanian and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with WestJet at C$ 108. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at WestJet. How many flights are there between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 16 and 22 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and land in Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 18m. The most common departure time is 11:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 126 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal take? The duration of a direct flight to Montreal from Toronto Pearson Airport is typically 1h 15m. The journey crosses a distance of 812 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 12:35 am and will be landing in Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport at 1:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport jets off at 11:30 pm and lands at 12:46 am. Good to know Low season January High season December Cheapest flight C$ 111 Best time to beat the crowds (32% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 11% lower on average. Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal When to book flights from Pearson Intl to Montreal Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pearson Intl to Montreal based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal flights Which nearby cities can I get to from Montreal's Pierre Elliott Trudeau Airport (YUL)? Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport offers access to various cities including Quebec City which can be reached via Highway 20 East, Ottawa, which can be reached via Highway 417 West, Toronto, which can be reached via Highway 401 West, and Boston, which can be reached via Interstate 93 South. Which accessibility services are offered by airlines for the Toronto to Montreal route? Airlines like Air Canada and WestJet offer services for passengers with disabilities or special needs, which may include assistance with mobility, wheelchair services, boarding, and deplaning. It's recommended to check with your airline directly for information on their accessibility services and to make arrangements in advance of your flight. Where is the lost and found department at Toronto Pearson Airport? The lost and found department at Toronto Pearson Airport is located in Terminal 1, at ground level between doors R and S. The office is open from Monday to Sunday, and found items are typically kept for 30 days. If you have lost an item at the airport, it's recommended to contact the lost and found office directly to inquire about your item and to make arrangements to retrieve it if it's been found. What are some eco-friendly airlines flying between Toronto and Montreal? Air Canada or Air Transat offer scheduled and charter air services to Montreal from Toronto and both have taken steps towards sustainability in recent years, such as investing in more fuel-efficient aircraft and reducing plastic waste on flights. I have a pet, and I'd like to travel with it. What are the pet support services at Montreal-Trudeau Airport? Pets may be allowed within the airport terminals, but they must be caged or on a leash. However, we recommend that you first contact your airline for details about travelling with your furry friend and the applicable costs. There is a pet-relieving designated area located outside the terminal hall next to the multi-story parking facility. If you travel with your pet as cargo on your return trip, you should collect them from the airline's cargo area. What are the public transport options to the city centre from Montreal-Trudeau Airport? If you opt to access Downtown Montreal using public transport, you can board the 747 bus that operates 24 hours a day, connecting the airport to Downtown Montreal. The journey takes between 45-70min, depending on the traffic. You can also get to the city centre by train. Free minibus services are located at the airport, ready to ferry travellers to VIA Railway Station, where they can find inter-city trains linking the flight hub to the city centre. I have arranged for an airport pickup at Montreal-Trudeau Airport. Where should I go after arrival? The airport has a pickup area for arriving travelers who expect greeters. It's worth noting that the pickup zone is divided into five sections: A, B, C, D, and E. Each section is designated for specific types of pickup services, from Uber and taxis to shuttles. To make your pickup as easy and quick as possible, it would help to inform your greeter of the exact pickup zone that you'll be waiting for them. Remember, your chauffeur can only stop during the moment of pickup. Are there car rental services available at Montreal-Trudeau Airport? Visitors who've arrived at the airport can rent a car from one of the rental car desks located in the Arrival Hall. These include Avis, Alamo, Enterprise, National, Thrifty, Budget, Hertz, and Discount Rent-A-Car. Alternatively, you can book online to make the pickup process much faster. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal? Lufthansa, Air Canada, and Air France offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Toronto Pearson Airport and Montreal, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal? There are direct flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to Montreal, Porter Airlines or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to Montreal are Porter Airlines and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 297 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 285 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Montreal from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Montreal with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Montreal? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Montreal from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to Montreal Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 189 or less one-way and C$ 818 or less round-trip. It's recommended that you arrive at least 90 minutes before your domestic flight departure time at Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ) to ensure that you have enough time to check in, go through security, and get to your gate. A valid government-issued photo ID is generally required for domestic travel within Canada. Passport and visa requirements are not applicable for domestic travel like flights from Toronto to Montreal. Three airports serve the Montreal region: the Pierre Elliot Trudeau International Airport, located about 20 km from Downtown Montreal, Mirabel International Airport (about 39 km), and St. Hubert International Airport (about 16 km). Pierre Elliott might be further from the city centre than St. Hubert, but it handles more international airlines. Four airlines serve the Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ) – Montréal Pierre Elliot Trudeau Airport (YUL) route: WestJet, Air Canada, Multiple Airlines, and Air Transat. If you're specific about arrival times, WestJet has a better rating for on-time touchdowns. If you'd like to be productive as you await your flight, there's a lounge at Toronto-Pearson Airport called Plaza Premium Lounge. It's located near Gate D20, right after Terminal 1's security checkpoint. Travelling with a small child? Montreal's Pierre Elliott Trudeau Airport (YUL) has modern boarding lounges with spacious children’s play section, well-maintained nursing rooms with children's changing tables, and kids'courtesy carts. For faster security screenings, walk to the designated priority queues at checkpoints A and C in the departure hall. Check your departure terminal ahead of time for easier flight boarding and cargo handling. Suppose you booked an Air Canada ticket, head to Terminal 1. For WestJet and Air Transat departures, go to Terminal 3. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Pearson Intl to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Pearson Intl to Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Pearson Intl to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Search flights Monday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +18 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Wednesday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Thursday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +18 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Friday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +18 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Saturday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Sunday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Tuesday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +16 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +16 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Friday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Saturday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +16 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to Montreal See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Montreal. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to Montreal? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 84crew 77comfort 71food 81boarding 70entertainment 80overall Airline reviews Flight booked from Montreal via Toronto to Huatulco. Toronto to Huatulco flight was cancelled, lost one day of vacation in Toronto waiting for next flight. Flight from Huatulco to Toronto delayed, missed connection to Montreal. Westjet counter closed. No hotel, no connection flight for 4 days to Montreal to finish the journey. I shall go to Small Claims Court to get compensation for all these troubles. Westjet never again.Read more about WestJet Flight booked from Montreal via Toronto to Huatulco. Toronto to Huatulco flight was cancelled, lost one day of vacation in Toronto waiting for next flight. Flight from Huatulco to Toronto delayed, missed connection to Montreal. Westjet counter closed. No hotel, no connection flight for 4 days to Montreal to finish the journey. I shall go to Small Claims Court to get compensation for all these troubles. Westjet never again. Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good." Pros: "Crew was great. Delayed by mechanical issue. Weather was bad in Montreal so delayed again. Mechanical issue is a pain but I'd rather not crash so all in all very good. Really windy at landing, pilots did a great job. Respect!" Cons: "Just a heads up, if you're a large person, weight wise, you may have a challenge using the rest room. It's pretty small." Cons: "My other WestJet flights let me have access to wifi via the WestJet app and the entertainment console. I was disappointed to not have access on this flight." Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable because of the head rest that is attached to the seat. However the staff and crew were friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better seats" Pros: "Short and Sweet smooth fligjt" Cons: "Horrible delays in boarding no tv no entertainment at all." Pros: "Newest 787 plane in the fleet. Really comfortable seats and terrific in-flight entertainment" Pros: "Nice plane, comfortable" Cons: "We missed our runway and had to quickly ascend and retry. Disembarking the plane took 40 minutes due to the YYC skywalk being frozen. During this all communication with the passengers was minimal." Pros: "Consistencies on bagage claim info, and changes in boarding gates." Cons: "Inconsistencies, on my way back to montreal from the philippines, i was informed that baggage would be claimed directly to final port of destination but didnt, when i arrived at toronto i had to take my bagage and drop it off again, although my next flight would be with west jet airlines, korean air was not able to communicate well with their airline partners as to bagage claim and changes in boarding gates." Pros: "Staff is friendly." Cons: "We didn’t appreciate the walk from Gate 4 to Gate 41 TWICE when the departure gate was changed. We are in our 80’s and it was quite a trek!" Cons: "Needs to be more clear that you have to pay to bring bag on." Cons: "The crew could have checked us in...we were 5 minutes late for checkin and had to book and pay for another flight." Cons: "After boarding had to deplane and go on another aircraft." Cons: "Like mentioned previously, long delays, followed by a snafu in the boarding process forcing a manual check in of all passengers. net outcome: 1.5h delay. First experience counts, in my case it was a mediocre one." Pros: "Crew were lovely" Cons: "2 short hauls. Somewhat turbulent. No one can fix that,crept the Big Guy" Pros: "The snacks were great and crew was friendly!" Cons: "My seat was covered in crumbs, cleanliness overall could have been better." Cons: "Buyer beware! When you buy this basic package, they charge $37 for your first bag and another $50 for your carry-on. I just paid $97 for one piece of luggage and a carry-on! This practically doubles the cost of the ticket. Not only false advertising, but highway robbery!" Cons: "Was.not pleased I had to pay $44 to check my carry on!" Pros: "Clearing security was a breeze, the lounge is convenient, boarding easy and the plane was orders of magnitude more comfortable than what Air Transat offers." Cons: "We sat on the runway for a while waiting to take off." Pros: "I appreciated how the staff took me in a wheet-chair all the way to the customs and waited with me while they checked me out. they were courteous, kind and genuine.Very refreshing in this day and age. God Bless all the staff at Porter Air Lines. thank you so very very much, Barbara Ann MacMahon-Firestone, Toronto,Ontario." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The city I went to was locked down due to covid. Neither the airline nor budget air helped me get a refund before the flight took off.. Still waiting to hear back..." Pros: "The crew on the actual flight was excellent." Cons: "The staff at the Toronto airport was rude The baggage policy was unclear and they had trouble answering our questions. We could have saved a good amount of money if the baggage policy was more clear and the staff could explain it. Using the term "Economy" for all flight categories is not helpful." Pros: "We were upgraded to premium economy for free at check-in. The crew was very kind" Cons: "We did not enjoy the entertaining system as the headphones were not complementary. The food was quite okay but quantity was sparce and no cheese provided. Also service was slow. Drinks were served 10 minutes after meal ☹️" Pros: "Crew is nice." Cons: "Had to wait 15 mins because our gate was in use. Seats are old and hard." Cons: "Travelled from Toronto,CA to Lyon, FR and wasn't pleased with service, food, no coffee available plus drinks were limited. And on top of that when I arrived in Lyon, my baggage wasn't delivered from Toronto (was told at baggage claim desk). I paid $70 dollars for something that didn't get delivered." Pros: "Old plane so seat pitch was good" Cons: "Maintenance issues meant a 2 hour delay where we stayed on the plane" Pros: "The crew was amazing. They were super friendly and attentive. Amazing service!" Pros: "Clean modern plane. Nice crew." Cons: "Seats were far too narrow. Couldn't sit back without overlapping shoulders." Cons: "Stroller was not at the gate. We had a connecting flight. Had to go out and check in again to collect the stroller." Cons: "Had to pay 100$ for an extra bag because I was 4kg over weight then also had to transfer my bags myself during my layover. There was no entertainment on a long haul flight from London to Toronto. And zero space on the lonhaul flight. The least space on a plane I’ve ever had and I fly almost every week. I will never fly air transat again unless absolutely necessary." The flight was delayed boarding. Then we sat on the tarmac waiting to be pushed back. We were over 2 hours late arriving in Montreal. We had about 15 minutes to make our connecting flight to our destination of Quebec and as we exited the plane, we were told to hurry that they were holding the plane for about 15-20 of us. Well, I put my wife in a wheelchair and trotted to the next gate only to be told “sorry, the plane just left.” All 3 of our flights were on Air Canada and they were responsible. We eventually got a flight 8 hours later and arrived in Quebec at MIDNIGHT instead of 2 PM in the afternoon. Earlier flights were full and we almost had to wait until the next day. These were the flights we had to take to get to our cruise ship leaving Quebec the next day. Air Canada was at fault for all this mess. Flight from Toronto was cancelled. Put me on next flight an hour later. That flight was delayed, putting me in jeopardy of missing my connecting flight to Morocco in Montreal. They pulled me out of line and got me onto another flight to Montreal. We arrived in Montreal. It then had to wait 20 min on the tarmac because the gate wasn’t ready for us. Ran to catch the Morocco flight. Made it as they were boarding, only having to wait 90 minutes for further delays in leaving Montreal (baggage issues, “technical” issues). Arrived in Morocco over an hour late and almost missed my first meeting in Tanger. This trip had to be rebooked already from the end of August because the flight from Toronto to Montreal was also cancelled back then, forcing me to miss my flight to Morocco. Not sure why our chosen seats got changed without notice and my husband and I were assigned seats ten rows and the whole width of the plane apart. But we were able to get this changed thanks to two helpful gate agents in Toronto and Montreal. Delayed flight, then we got stuck in the queue to the runway, which could be prevented if flight was not delayed. Flight was delayed due to rain/storms. But then the incoming plane was diverted to another city to refuel, instead of coming to Toronto. The next available flight was not for 2.5 hours later, forcing me to miss my connecting flight to Casablanca in Montreal. Other flights to get me to Casablanca would result in me missing over 1/2 of my scheduled meetings. I had to rebook the entire trip to September. Not surprisingly, I just read an article that Canada has one of worst on-time departure records in the G7. Little improvements over the past year. Another Liberal failure... The stewardess in charge was fabulous and attentive to my wife's needs. Luggage took too long to get from plane to carousel. Luggage area was total chaos in Montreal.. I like their overall services however I didn’t get my preferred food as it was finished. There was NO flight from Toronto to Montreal- we flew directly from Toronto to Lisbon Pros: "The flight was redirected to ottawa due weather conditions specifically high wind which in my 20 years of traveling never experienced this here in Canada. We stayed for an hour and at the end of it arrived at Montreal airport at 3:45pm. Terrible service. Refund and or adjustment on tickets price should be reviewed." Cons: "L’attente et la difficulté à contrôler la température dans l’avion" Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Transat7.2 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Montreal Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Montreal found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 29/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 15mYYZ-YUL C$ 82 Search 29/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 16mYYZ-YUL C$ 84 Search 21/12Thu directAir Canada 1h 20mYYZ-YUL C$ 85 Search 27/12Wed directAir Canada 1h 20mYYZ-YUL C$ 86 Search 1/5Wed 1 stopFlair Airlines 12h 30mYYZ-YUL C$ 134 Search 28/2Wed 1 stopFlair Airlines 8h 35mYYZ-YUL C$ 137 Search 5/12Tue directAir Transat 1h 16mYYZ-YUL C$ 159 Search 9/12Sat directAir Transat 1h 16mYYZ-YUL C$ 160 Search 26/1Fri 2 stopsWestJet 12h 56mYYZ-YUL C$ 304 Search 14/12Thu 1 stopWestJet 5h 29mYYZ-YUL C$ 317 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaFlair AirlinesAir TransatWestJet Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 90 or lessC$ 140 or lessC$ 160 or lessC$ 320 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to Montreal Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Montreal that are departing in the next 10 days. 3/12Sun multi-stop 15h 09mYYZ-YUL 13/12Wed direct 1h 35mYUL-YYZ C$ 264 Search 3/12Sun multi-stop 15h 09mYYZ-YUL 13/12Wed direct 1h 35mYUL-YYZ C$ 265 Search 4/12Mon direct 1h 20mYYZ-YUL 6/12Wed direct 1h 25mYUL-YYZ C$ 309 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopPorter Airlines 18h 29mYYZ-YUL 5/12Tue directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YYZ C$ 354 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopPorter Airlines 13h 39mYYZ-YUL 2/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YYZ C$ 372 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 1h 20mYYZ-YUL 13/12Wed directAir Canada 1h 36mYUL-YYZ C$ 398 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 1h 20mYYZ-YUL 8/12Fri directAir Canada 1h 36mYUL-YYZ C$ 443 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 17h 04mYYZ-YUL 7/12Thu multi-stopWestJet 13h 53mYUL-YYZ C$ 930 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 17h 04mYYZ-YUL 7/12Thu multi-stopWestJet 13h 53mYUL-YYZ C$ 931 Search 1/12Fri directAir Transat 1h 20mYYZ-YUL 4/12Mon multi-stopAir Transat 17h 00mYUL-YYZ C$ 960 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaWestJetAir Transat Search by priceC$ 270 or lessC$ 350 or lessC$ 400 or lessC$ 930 or lessC$ 960 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - Montreal Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Destination: Montreal (YUL)Canada Return flight deals: Montreal - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Montreal C$ 2,009 Business Class flights to Montreal C$ 1,185 Prem Econ Class flights to Montreal C$ 282 Economy Class flights to Montreal Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 231Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 231Flights to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, Montreal Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Montreal flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Montreal from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Montreal from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.