Cheap Flights from Calgary to Los Angeles from C$ 103 | (YYC - LAX) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYC - LAX Find cheap flights from Calgary to Los Angeles from C$ 103 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 15/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Los Angeles These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Los Angeles. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Los Angeles. How much is the cheapest flight from Calgary to Los Angeles?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Calgary to Los Angeles that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:50 a.m. - 2:22 p.m.YYC-LAX 3h 32mdirect 10:15 a.m. - 2:39 p.m.LAX-YYC 3h 24mdirect C$ 111Lynx Air Find Deal Sun, 17 Dec - Mon, 1 Jan 11:50 a.m. - 2:22 p.m.YYC-LAX 3h 32mdirect 10:15 a.m. - 2:39 p.m.LAX-YYC 3h 24mdirect C$ 118Lynx Air Find Deal Sun, 17 Dec - Mon, 1 Jan 7:20 p.m. - 9:36 p.m.YYC-LAX 3h 16mdirect 7:00 a.m. - 11:12 a.m.LAX-YYC 3h 12mdirect C$ 171WestJet Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Sat, 27 Jan 7:20 p.m. - 9:36 p.m.YYC-LAX 3h 16mdirect 7:00 a.m. - 11:12 a.m.LAX-YYC 3h 12mdirect C$ 172WestJet Find Deal Tue, 9 Jan - Tue, 16 Jan 3:25 p.m. - 9:55 p.m.YYC-LAX 7h 30m1 stop 2:55 p.m. - 11:18 p.m.LAX-YYC 7h 23m1 stop C$ 228Air Canada Find Deal Mon, 18 Dec - Mon, 25 Dec 6:00 a.m. - 11:22 a.m.YYC-LAX 6h 22m1 stop 12:25 p.m. - 9:28 p.m.LAX-YYC 8h 03m1 stop C$ 236Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 2:30 p.m. - 10:40 p.m.YYC-LAX 9h 10m1 stop 1:46 p.m. - 11:13 p.m.LAX-YYC 8h 27m1 stop C$ 276Delta Find Deal Tue, 5 Mar - Wed, 13 Mar 3:25 p.m. - 9:55 p.m.YYC-LAX 7h 30m1 stop 5:00 a.m. - 9:41 p.m.LAX-YYC 15h 41m1 stop C$ 286United Airlines Find Deal Sat, 16 Dec - Mon, 1 Jan 6:19 a.m. - 1:18 p.m.YYC-LAX 7h 59m1 stop 5:00 a.m. - 9:41 p.m.LAX-YYC 15h 41m1 stop C$ 287United Airlines Find Deal Thu, 14 Dec - Wed, 27 Dec 7:20 p.m. - 9:57 p.m.YYC-LAX 3h 37mdirect 1:46 p.m. - 11:13 p.m.LAX-YYC 8h 27m1 stop C$ 317Delta Find Deal Tue, 19 Mar - Wed, 27 Mar Show more results Flights from Calgary to Los Angeles - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Calgary to Los Angeles to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Calgary to Los Angeles? The average price of all flights from Calgary to Los Angeles clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Calgary to Los Angeles, Thursday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Wednesday is the most expensive. Flying from Los Angeles back to Calgary, the best deals are generally found on Saturday, with Friday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Calgary to Los Angeles? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Calgary to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Calgary to Los Angeles is October, where tickets cost C$ 258 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 489 and C$ 418 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Calgary to Los Angeles? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Calgary to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Calgary to Los Angeles, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 11 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Calgary to Los Angeles? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Los Angeles from Calgary were found on Lynx Air (C$ 103) and WestJet (C$ 145), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Lynx Air (C$ 151) and WestJet (C$ 232). Which airlines fly direct between Calgary and Los Angeles? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Calgary to Los Angeles. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Calgary to Los Angeles. They are Lynx Air and WestJet. The cheapest airline for this route is Lynx Air, with the best deal found costing C$ 116. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Lynx Air. How many flights are there between Calgary and Los Angeles per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 3 nonstop flights that take off from Calgary and land in Los Angeles, with an average flight time of 3h 20m. The most common departure time is 7:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 11 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 27% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Calgary and Los Angeles? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Calgary to Los Angeles take? The duration of a direct flight to Los Angeles from Calgary is typically 3h 15m. The journey crosses a distance of 3,125 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Calgary to Los Angeles? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Calgary at 7:00 am and will be landing in Los Angeles at 9:15 am. What’s the latest departure time from Calgary to Los Angeles? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Calgary to Los Angeles jets off at 7:20 pm and lands at 9:40 pm. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight C$ 103 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 1% increase in price. Most popular time to fly (3% more expensive on average) Flight from Calgary to Los Angeles When to book flights from Calgary to Los Angeles Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Calgary to Los Angeles based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Calgary to Los Angeles Can I park my car at Calgary International Airport (YYC)? Suppose you want to leave your car at Calgary International Airport (YYC); many parking lots exist. They offer weekly, daily, and hourly parking services, and you can get discounted rates for long-time parking. Once you park, you won't need to walk to a bus stop or central pickup location since their shuttle bus will collect you and your friends from your car. Is Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) accessible for travellers with reduced mobility? Yes, the airport fully meets the needs of travellers with reduced mobility. All parking lots have designated spaces for disabled individuals, and each terminal has restrooms specifically designed for their needs. LAX provides lift-equipped shuttle buses at no extra charge, making transportation within the airport convenient for disabled passengers. Is there a prayer room at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)? The Muslim community can access two prayer rooms in Terminals 2 and 3. These rooms include traditional Islamic architecture and welcoming lounging areas where visitors can offer daily prayers or unwind before catching their trip. For Christians, Terminal 4 has a quiet Interfaith Chapel, while Terminal 5 has an interfaith chapel that hosts early on Sundays Christian worship sessions and other programs, including prayer sessions and Bible study. Which cities are easy to reach from Calgary International Airport (YYC)? Calgary, Airdrie, Okotoks, Cochrane, and Crossfield are cities close to the YYC. Some of these cities, like Calgary, Airdrie, and Cochrane, are located less than 40 km from the airport. You can get to these cities from the airport using taxis, shuttle buses, and public transportation. Where do I catch a taxi at Los Angeles International Airport and how much will it cost? If you’re not willing to wait for the FlyAway shuttle to get to the city centre, find the white waiting zone outside your terminal’s arrivals area, where you can catch a taxi. On average a taxi ride costs $66 (about C$ 88), but some companies might offer a flat fee for the same trip, often around $46 (C$ 61). All taxis are metred, and the fare includes an initial charge of $2.85 (about C$ 3.80) and an LAX airport surcharge of $4 (about C$ 5.34). Where do I rent a car at Los Angeles International Airport? Regardless of the terminal that your flight from Calgary to Los Angeles is arriving at, all car rental company desks are located in or next to the baggage claim area of each terminal. Where can I exchange currency at Los Angeles International Airport? The currency exchange offices at Los Angeles International Airport are on the arrivals level of Terminal 2, Terminal 5, Terminal 6 and the Tom Bradley International Terminal. Cash advance booths are only available at ICE Currency Exchange booths in Terminal 2, 3, 5, 7 and the Tom Bradley International Terminal. There’s a limit of $300 (about C$ 400) for a cash advance. Please note that opening hours vary from terminal to terminal. In case the currency exchange office is closed when you arrive, you can withdraw cash from any of the ATMs in the arrivals area of each terminal. Where do I catch the complimentary shuttle to my hotel? All hotel shuttles are located on the lower level of the arrivals area of each terminal. Simply find the red sign that says Hotel Shuttles. Which airports will I be using when flying from Calgary to Los Angeles? When flying out of Calgary you will be using Calgary. You will be landing at Los Angeles, also known as Los Angeles. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Calgary to Los Angeles? Air Canada, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Calgary to Los Angeles flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Calgary to Los Angeles? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Calgary to Los Angeles flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Calgary to Los Angeles? SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Calgary and Los Angeles, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Calgary to Los Angeles? There are direct flights from Calgary to Los Angeles on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Calgary to Los Angeles, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Calgary to Los Angeles are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of C$ 672 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 422 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Calgary to Los Angeles? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Calgary to Los Angeles. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Calgary to Los Angeles? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Los Angeles from Calgary is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Calgary to Los Angeles? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Los Angeles with an airline and back to Calgary with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Calgary to Los Angeles? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Los Angeles from Calgary up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Calgary to Los Angeles Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 174 or less one-way and C$ 197 or less round-trip. If you want to catch the earliest flight at Calgary International Airport (YYC), consider spending a night at one of the airport hotels like Calgary Airport Marriott In-Terminal Hotel, which is just within the airport premises. Parents traveling with children should know that Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) has several facilities for children. They include a children's play area in the Tom Bradley International Terminal, Nursing rooms, and Pet Parks for kids who love animals. Flights from Calgary to Los Angeles land at one of the nine terminals that make up Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). The terminal you’ll be arriving at depends on what airline you’re flying with. For example, Air Canada flights arrive at Terminal 6 while Delta flights arrive at Terminal 3. As one of the busiest airports in the United States and in the world, properly navigating LAX requires a substantial dose of patience. So instead of trying to figure out the best way to get to the city centre after your flight from Calgary to Los Angeles lands, just take the convenient FlyAway shuttle from outside the baggage claim area of any terminal. A one-way ticket costs $8 to $10 (approximately C$ 11 to C$ 13), and you don't need to pre-book. Simply buy the ticket aboard the bus, with a credit or debit card. Travelling through Los Angeles International Airport is a little less daunting for anxious passengers, thanks to the PUP (Pets Unstressing Passengers) program. Pet or hug one of the volunteer dogs wandering through the airport before you head out to explore Los Angeles. If you’re travelling with your dog to Los Angeles, know that each terminal has a pet relief area. These are located near Gate 23 in Terminal 1, near Gate 21 in Terminal 2, in the outdoor lobby of Terminal 3 and Terminal 6, near Gate 52B in Terminal 5, and between Gates 73 and 75B in Terminal 7. Art enthusiasts will enjoy the LAX Art Program, which showcases the work of local artists working in different forms through exhibitions, art installations and live performances. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Calgary to Los Angeles? Find which airlines fly direct from Calgary to Los Angeles, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Calgary to Los Angeles Search flights Monday Aeromexico,China Airlines,Delta, +7 more Aeromexico,China Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Aeromexico,China Airlines,Delta, +7 more Aeromexico,China Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Aeromexico,China Airlines,Delta, +6 more Aeromexico,China Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Thursday Aeromexico,China Airlines,Delta, +7 more Aeromexico,China Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Friday Aeromexico,China Airlines,Delta, +7 more Aeromexico,China Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Aeromexico,China Airlines,Delta, +6 more Aeromexico,China Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Sunday Aeromexico,China Airlines,Delta, +7 more Aeromexico,China Airlines, +8 more 6 7 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Los Angeles to Calgary Search flights Monday Aeromexico,China Airlines,Delta, +7 more Aeromexico,China Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Aeromexico,Delta,Emirates, +6 more Aeromexico,Delta, +7 more 5 6 Wednesday Aeromexico,China Airlines,Delta, +6 more Aeromexico,China Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Thursday Aeromexico,Delta,Emirates, +5 more Aeromexico,Delta, +6 more 4 5 Friday Aeromexico,China Airlines,Delta, +7 more Aeromexico,China Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Aeromexico,Delta,Emirates, +4 more Aeromexico,Delta, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Aeromexico,Delta,Emirates, +5 more Aeromexico,Delta, +6 more 4 5 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Calgary to Los Angeles See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Calgary to Los Angeles. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Calgary to Los Angeles? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 85overall 78entertainment 82comfort 79food 85boarding 88crew Airline reviews Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger." Cons: "Great flight and their service was great. Looking forward to my next flight with them." Cons: "My flight was cancelled and instead of getting a cancellation notice, I received a “your flight has been updated” email which indicated that my flight was changed from Wednesday to Friday. Unacceptable!!!" Pros: "The crew was nice and we enjoyed the inflight entertainment" Cons: "The flight was a hour late and we almost missed our connecting flight they actually had to hold the plane for us" Pros: "I dont like there service." Cons: "Alaska airlines did not provide assistance and I requested to assist to re check in my baggage. I did not receive any assistance to the airlines staff. This is horrible service and not happy to the alaska airlines." Pros: "Every aspect of the trip was above our expectations, comfortable seats, delightful staff, good food and on time service." Cons: "Paid for and reserved a premium seat 6 weeks before flight but got reassigned to a non-premium seat upon check-in. I had to call customer care for a refund of the premium upgrade. No more live TV unlike the old Virgin America." Pros: "Being in the service industry I completely understand how important customer service is! Alaskan airlines have asked their staff to use the customers name as much as possible. It was great to see that when I was borning my name was used. This was not an ordinary monotone thank you that every single person gets. The “ Have a nice flight and Thank you for flying with us”, was cheerful and upbeat and I was greeted with a smile. During my flight the customers names were used as they were asking to take orders as well as passing out food as though you were known person to them. I am not a regular flyer, I did not use my credit card, the fact that they used my name means Alaskan has a trick to the trade that others don’t.. I am not a regular flyer, I did not use my credit card, my flight attendants knew my name. What an amazing experience." Cons: "That there wasn’t anyone to meet us at the gate and we had to wait on the plane." Pros: "Excellent crew. very friendly. No attitudes" Cons: "they were not ready for us at LAX. We spent 20 minutes in a remote corner of the airline waiting for a gangway so we could go down to the tarmac and wait another 50 minutes for buses. No gate, no buses, just standing around. Terrible planning for our arrival" Cons: "Delaying a flight by 2 hours for crew issues is ridiculous and even more do not alerting me to the change before I was at the airport. Terrible" Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "Excellent service in most every respect! Boarding was easy, accommodations were quite ample, food was great, and the entertainment was plentiful." Cons: "Slight problem with making my seat into a bed, which wasn't fixable. Movies were good, except for the trailers before and after each, which seemed to take forever! Didn't get the seats my wife and originally booked with China Southern/Delta, but the substitution was quite adequate! Problems with checking in on flights, as neither airline seemed to be able to deal with this split ticket! But they tried very hard to make thing up to us, which goes a long way to making us feel like we are valued customers!" Pros: "- great customer service - friendly staff - Positive energy" Cons: "- No room in the seats - No food served on plane - Crowded -" Pros: "Delta is professional and safe. The best fares ever." Cons: "Lack of food/snack choices. Seem like a shortage on ice." Pros: "I, as a tall man, was allowed to move into an exit row with no additional charge. The flights were not full." Pros: "love that each seat now has a USB connection to charge your phone" Cons: "headphone jack to watch movies shorted in and out constantly" Pros: "Delta personel were wonderful and helpful both flights" Cons: "Flights were continually changed both on route to Cancun and on the way back" Pros: "I loved that I was able to get home! The crew was nice." Cons: "It was very very warm in the plane. The entertainment unit was lacking." Pros: "The comfort and attention on the part of the cabin crew of the flight was quite good." Cons: "What I did not like was the process to go to the assigned air terminal in El Salvador, the process was slow and we took the flight at the end of the last one. The same was the process from Los Angeles to Seattle that was our scale. Process too long and go back through security, the boarding gate was almost closed. I think that for these cases they should leave more time for the stopovers that come from international flights. For my part I did not choose this option, since I was traveling with a person with mobility problems and separated the group for admission to the process of entering the USA." Pros: "The crew were friendly enough and willing to serve." Cons: "The seat could have been thicker and softer for greater comfort--instead, it was thin and flimsy. There should also be greater space/pitch between the rows of seats." Pros: "The crew was nice." Cons: "The infotainment system could have been better. My system was not working for the first 3 hours and the sound went out after 2 hours of use. Also my blanket was not clean." Cons: "Crew was not very friendly, the lack of customer service is evident." Cons: "(1) The captain collected headsets 30 minutes before landing, causing us to miss the last 15 minutes of a movie. Why? (2) Very long cues for toilet use. (3) The baggage took more than half hour to arrive. (4) The chair in front of me reclined very far (more than those on its sides), making it very hard to eat, get up, or read. Need better maintenance." Pros: "The crew was great!" Cons: "I was traveling with other people and we were not seated next to each other. And I got sick from the chicken." Pros: "The aircraft was great. A bit wobbly on take off and landing, but overall spacious and comfortable seating. The seats had many position options which was amazing. Meal service tableware was clean and pleasant to use. Food was also great. Also a very wide selection of entertainment options! Also, good flying from the pilot’s crew. Flight was on time." Cons: "The servicing crew in the business cabin was inexperienced and unrefined. The flight attendants seemed to just want to “get it over with” with questions like “are you done?” The attendants wanted to take our drink order as soon as we got in without giving us a chance to settle into our seats and kept hovering over us until I had to ask her to give us a couple of minutes. The airline did not stock enough snack and ran out mid flight. We had to wait for the next meal service which was not fun. I ended up getting a sweet drink just to get by. Internet, which was paid, was so slow that I got tired of watching it trying to load the pages and gave up. Eventually, the connection completely stalled even though I still had over an hour remaining of the 4 hour package. I used maybe an hour of the total purchase. Total waste because I couldn’t get any work done. Overall, I did not think this was an experience worth a business class ticket." Pros: "The service was excellent. The flight was on time. The crew was very friendly." Pros: "The service was excellent. On time and very efficient crew." Pros: "I managed to get a seat in economy class upstairs on the Airbus A380-800, next to the window. Each window seat has a locker to stow all your in-flight stuff in and there is lots of legroom. I was impressed - that's saying a lot for a Boeing-lover. Crew was very attentive and always available." Cons: "Boarding could have been better organized." Cons: "Economy seat space is small for 11 hours flight. get the meal of my choice, also as I tried to check in at home, the system did not give me choice to check in or change the seat." Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)" Pros: "Very nice crew and good snacks. Quick boarding." Cons: "Newer plane with TVs. There was an app for entertainment of you wish to download." Cons: "Minor point. They boarded the plane very early. We got to the gate 1/2 hour before departure, and were almost the last ones to board." Pros: "Dry accommodating staff all around. Thank you" Cons: "More space between people. Not much you can do I understand that. So overall great" Cons: "From Vancouver to Los Angeles no screen seats no Entertainment" Pros: "Crew were very good. The economy seats were "ok". Food was good and the service was very good." Cons: "Entertainment didn't have enough new movies to watch. The leg room could've been better." Cons: "Always a ‘full flight’ and they run out of spacein the overhead storage" Pros: "A little late on take off but made up time in the air. Crew was pleasant." Cons: "Aircraft seemed a bit tighter seating than other WestJet flights I've been on. Still it was fine for a 3 hour flight." Pros: "The flight was on time." Cons: "That I had to pay $30 for one checked bag, would have thought the first one was free!" Cons: "For some reason, the return was in Hamilton not Toronto. Unfortunately, I noticed after I paid. Not sure why the flight wasn't from Toronto." Pros: "The crew was fantastic and plane was clean" Cons: "My entertainment video player had a bad earphone jack so i could not watch movies or tv and resorted to paying for wifi" Cons: "I've tried to respond twice now with a long detailed answer only to get booted out of the page. In short you and Flyus.com are criminals that ripped me off for over 430 dollars U.S. will never use you again" Pros: "The crew was probably the only positive thing of the flight." Cons: "Late boarding because of downsizing plane and overbooking, than sitting on a plane for an additional hour after boarding completed while it was very hot inside. Departed and landed with a delay. Very old airplane with no individual fans above the seats, no outlets to charge devices and no entertainment system." Pros: "We arrived safely The seats were comfortable We were on time" Cons: "1) American's boarding process seems to be driven by ticket price and nothing else. Every other airline I've been with boards families with small children first. It lets those families and get on board and get setup so that they don't block aisle access for everyone else. American seems to board based on how expensive your ticket was. So, the aisles get blocked and boarding takes forever. 2) The cabin crew gave pretty apathetic service. When our baby threw up on us, they just told us to go clean ourselves up in the bathrooms. They gave us a can of soda water to help clean up, but that was about it. 3) When my wife asked if the bread was dairy free (for our baby with a dairy allergy), the staff's response was to turn to another staff member and ask them, "Do you want to go back and research that?" In the end they just told us they didn't have time to look it up." Cons: "We are letting too many people with the flu, travel. This in turn is spreading it to other places and getting too many people sick. We need to control this more. I don’t have an option after spending all this money on if I can stay healthy or not, and that is not ok." Pros: "Plane was new and entertainment was free. Great service too." Cons: "American has improved a lot" Pros: "We missed this flight." Cons: "Background info: we flew from Dublin to Toronto (Aer Lingus) and we were supposed to fly Toronto to Los Angeles on American Airlines; however, we had a British Airways flight number for both of these flights. We missed our connecting flight in Toronto with American Airlines (we had a 2 hour layover) despite landing on-time (de-boarded a few minutes late). I suggest avoiding the Toronto airport ALWAYS as every passenger must pick up his/her luggage even if you have a connecting flight, and then re-check the baggage with the next flight. Apparently the baggage handlers were on strike and some of the customs agents as well which added to the delays. Well, after going through Canadian customs and picking up our luggage (which took quite awhile) we arrived at the American Airlines ticketing kiosk about 45 minutes before our flight. The computer told us we were too late for this flight and to see a representative. We proceeded to wait in line for an American Airlines representative only to be told this was Aer Lingus' fault (we had just flown with them); even though we had a BA flight number.. After searching for an Aer Lingus representative we were finally told they were probably all on the Aer Lingus flight that was currently about to leave. An Aer Lingus representative was paged to the ticketing counter (took well over 30 minutes for anyone to show up) and what proceeded was an argument (for well over an hour) between British Airways and Aer Lingus representatives about whose responsibility it was to re-book us. After an hour at least of poor customer service, we were finally rebooked by British Airways on the last flight to LAX (on Air Canada). Moral of the story: avoid Toronto and fly direct." Pros: "Boarding was fast!" Cons: "The staff was not great! When I had just arrived to the gate, they had already called group 5 so I went up and presented my boarding pass and the crew made a facial expression of annoyance since group 5 was called and they were boarding group 7. When I entered the plane, one of the staff just looked at me twice without saying hello back. I said it twice and the same lady gave me a cold goodbye when I was leaving the plane. There was no entertainment!!!! Also, no plug to charge my phone that I had to wait to charge my phone after getting my bags to contact a taxi driver (Lyft)." Pros: "The flight was good crew members was nice and professional." Pros: "We did eventually reach our destination safe and sound" Cons: "In flight service on AA was very disappointing. This was a cross-country flight of 5 hours at the dinner hour. The plane was full [ as usual these days ] seat space was tight [ as usual these days ], but cabin service was practically invisible. The two stewards made one pass with the beverage cart, and that was it for the duration!! On a five hour flight!! When I went back for a beverage, the stewards were chatting at the rear compartment. This was the poorest American Airlines service that I have experienced in fifty years. I will avoid them in the future. Don" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Lufthansa7.8 WestJet7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Calgary to Los Angeles Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Calgary to Los Angeles found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 15/1Mon directLynx Air 3h 15mYYC-LAX C$ 76 Search 14/12Thu directLynx Air 3h 32mYYC-LAX C$ 79 Search 13/12Wed 1 stopWestJet 8h 22mYYC-LAX C$ 107 Search 15/12Fri directWestJet 3h 20mYYC-LAX C$ 110 Search 15/12Fri 1 stopAir Canada 7h 18mYYC-LAX C$ 116 Search 10/12Sun 1 stopAir Canada 6h 22mYYC-LAX C$ 138 Search 14/12Thu directDelta 3h 17mYYC-LAX C$ 165 Search 6/4Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 06mYYC-LAX C$ 192 Search 11/1Thu directDelta 3h 16mYYC-LAX C$ 223 Search 22/12Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 15h 36mYYC-LAX C$ 253 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirWestJetAir CanadaDeltaUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 140 or lessC$ 190 or lessC$ 250 or less Last minute flights from Calgary to Los Angeles Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Calgary to Los Angeles that are departing in the next 10 days. 3/12Sun directLynx Air 3h 32mYYC-LAX 7/12Thu directLynx Air 3h 24mLAX-YYC C$ 118 Search 3/12Sun direct 3h 32mYYC-LAX 6/12Wed multi-stop 19h 12mLAX-YYC C$ 139 Search 3/12Sun direct 3h 32mYYC-LAX 7/12Thu multi-stop 6h 17mLAX-YYC C$ 142 Search 3/12Sun direct 3h 32mYYC-LAX 6/12Wed multi-stop 23h 55mLAX-YYC C$ 144 Search 3/12Sun direct 3h 32mYYC-LAX 7/12Thu multi-stop 12h 54mLAX-YYC C$ 187 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 3h 23mYYC-LAX 10/12Sun directWestJet 3h 10mLAX-YYC C$ 425 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 11h 13mYYC-LAX 7/12Thu multi-stopAir Canada 12h 50mLAX-YYC C$ 497 Search 3/12Sun directWestJet 3h 20mYYC-LAX 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 18h 30mLAX-YYC C$ 552 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAeromexico 36h 28mYYC-LAX 9/12Sat multi-stopAeromexico 38h 48mLAX-YYC C$ 1,686 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAeromexico 36h 28mYYC-LAX 10/12Sun multi-stopAeromexico 38h 48mLAX-YYC C$ 1,705 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirWestJetAir CanadaAeromexico Search by priceC$ 140 or lessC$ 140 or lessC$ 430 or lessC$ 550 or lessC$ 1,710 or less Calgary - Los Angeles Flights Departure: Calgary (YYC)Canada Destination: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Los Angeles - Calgary Cabin classes: C$ 945 First Class flights to Los Angeles Business Class flights to Los Angeles C$ 586 Prem Econ Class flights to Los Angeles C$ 162 Economy Class flights to Los Angeles Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Alberta » Calgary C$ 149Flights from Calgary to Los Angeles Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » Los Angeles C$ 149Flights to Los Angeles, Los Angeles Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Victoria Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to Halifax Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Los Angeles flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Los Angeles from Calgary. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Los Angeles from Calgary. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.