Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to New Delhi from C$ 654 | (YYZ - DEL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYZ - DEL Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi from C$ 654 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 20/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to New Delhi These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to New Delhi. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to New Delhi. How much is the cheapest flight from Pearson Intl to New Delhi?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pearson Intl to New Delhi that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:29 a.m. - 2:05 a.m.YYZ-DEL 30h 06m2 stops 10:35 a.m. - 9:43 a.m.DEL-YYZ 32h 38m2 stops C$ 903Qatar Airways Find Deal Thu, 21 Mar - Tue, 9 Apr 7:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.YYZ-DEL 21h 30m2 stops 10:35 a.m. - 9:43 a.m.DEL-YYZ 32h 38m2 stops C$ 904Qatar Airways Find Deal Wed, 7 Feb - Tue, 9 Apr 10:29 a.m. - 2:05 a.m.YYZ-DEL 30h 06m2 stops 10:35 a.m. - 9:43 a.m.DEL-YYZ 32h 38m2 stops C$ 905Qatar Airways Find Deal Thu, 21 Mar - Tue, 9 Apr 10:23 a.m. - 1:55 a.m.YYZ-DEL 30h 02m2 stops 10:10 p.m. - 9:43 a.m.DEL-YYZ 45h 03m2 stops C$ 906Qatar Airways Find Deal Mon, 15 Apr - Mon, 10 Jun 7:08 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.YYZ-DEL 21h 22m2 stops 10:35 a.m. - 9:43 a.m.DEL-YYZ 32h 38m2 stops C$ 907Qatar Airways Find Deal Tue, 27 Feb - Tue, 9 Apr 10:23 a.m. - 1:55 a.m.YYZ-DEL 30h 02m2 stops 10:35 a.m. - 9:43 a.m.DEL-YYZ 32h 38m2 stops C$ 908Qatar Airways Find Deal Tue, 23 Apr - Tue, 8 Oct 10:29 a.m. - 2:25 a.m.YYZ-DEL 30h 26m2 stops 10:10 p.m. - 9:43 a.m.DEL-YYZ 45h 03m2 stops C$ 909Qatar Airways Find Deal Mon, 18 Mar - Mon, 8 Apr 6:00 a.m. - 6:25 p.m.YYZ-DEL 25h 55m2 stops 8:05 p.m. - 5:35 p.m.DEL-YYZ 32h 00m2 stops C$ 1,025 Find Deal Sat, 27 Jan - Sun, 11 Feb 12:34 p.m. - 1:50 a.m.YYZ-DEL 26h 46m2 stops 3:45 a.m. - 10:30 p.m.DEL-YYZ 29h 15m2 stops C$ 1,095ITA Airways Find Deal Tue, 16 Jan - Sun, 28 Jan 12:34 p.m. - 1:50 a.m.YYZ-DEL 26h 46m2 stops 3:45 a.m. - 10:30 p.m.DEL-YYZ 29h 15m2 stops C$ 1,096ITA Airways Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Sun, 28 Jan Show more results Flights from Pearson Intl to New Delhi - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pearson Intl to New Delhi to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to New Delhi? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to New Delhi, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to New Delhi is September, where tickets cost C$ 1,835 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 2,869 and C$ 2,616 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to New Delhi? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to New Delhi, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to New Delhi, you should book around 4 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 82 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi found on KAYAK was with Qatar Airways for C$ 658. Qatar Airways proposed a round-trip connection from C$ 1,226 and ITA Airways from C$ 1,486. Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and New Delhi? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to New Delhi. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to New Delhi. They are Air Canada and Air India. The cheapest airline for this route is Air India, with the best deal found costing C$ 1,625. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air India. How many flights are there between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and New Delhi per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 3 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and land in New Delhi, with an average flight time of 14h 00m. The most common departure time is 11:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 19 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Monday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and New Delhi? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi take? The average direct flight takes 21h 22m, covering a distance of 18,718 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 11:55 am and will be landing in New Delhi at 12:00 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to New Delhi jets off at 7:05 pm and lands at 8:45 pm. Good to know Low season July High season January Cheapest flight C$ 654 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 15% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 3% lower on average. Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi When to book flights from Pearson Intl to New Delhi Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pearson Intl to New Delhi based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi flights Do flights from Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ) to New Delhi consider travellers with pets? The presence of pet relief areas at YYZ and DEL shows how much these flights consider passengers with pets. For instance, before departing from Toronto Pearson Airport, consider taking your pets to Terminal 1 at Level 2 near the secure door to the public side or Level 3 door at aisle 15 outside. Another pet relief area is Terminal 3 at Gates B26 and A9. After landing at DEL in New Delhi, your pet can be guided to the relief area through the pet helpdesk at Terminal 3 near Gate 6. Where can I rent a car after landing in New Delhi? Consider renting a car at Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL) upon your arrival in the city. This airport has several car rental agencies such as Hertz, Thrifty, Enterprise, Budget, and Avis. You will proceed with your car rental process at the car rental counter located at the Arrival Area at the main Terminal. Alternatively, you can book your car rental online through KAYAK to avoid delays in the long queue at the airport. How do I access the Toronto city centre from Toronto Pearson International Airport? The journey from the city centre to the airport via public transit will take approximately 20min using Bus 7 from the Renforth Drive bus stop. The Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) operates this route with departures every 30min. The airport is accessible via Highway 427 or Highway 409, with parking available in various garages and lots near the airport. There are over 12,000 stalls available to ensure you can find a spot. How do I arrange services for travelling with a disability? You should coordinate support in advance of your travels by calling the airline(s) you are flying with, preferably at least 48h before your departure. The airlines will help arrange support at each airport with their staff. Self-serve wheelchairs at Toronto Pearson International Airport can be rented for free without reservations. How do I get from Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL) to the New Delhi city centre? There is an airport metro system available to travellers from Terminals 2 and 3. Trains depart every 10min and provide service to the New Delhi metro station. You can also take a bus from the airport, specifically the Airport Express 4 line, which takes about 1h 30min. Taxis are available outside the terminals, which can bring you to the city centre in about 15min. Are rideshare apps available upon arrival at Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi, India? Yes, Uber and Lyft are available to pick you up and drop you off at the airport in the same zones as taxis and personal vehicles. Which nearby cities are serviced by Indira Gandhi International Airport? The airport serves as the primary international air travel hub for the entire region of Northern India, including cities in the Greater New Delhi area, such as Faridabad, Gurugram, and Ghaziabad. Which airports offer connections from Toronto Pearson to Indira Gandhi Airport? You can choose from direct flights on this route or break up the journey with a stop at Amsterdam Schiphol International Airport or Frankfurt am Main International Airport. Which airlines offer direct routes from Toronto Pearson Airport to Indira Gandhi Airport? Direct flights for this route are operated by Air India. This is the only airline that currently operates direct routes for this particular journey. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi? The Boeing 777-200LR is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi? Star Alliance, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Toronto Pearson Airport and New Delhi, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi? There are direct flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to New Delhi, Qatar Airways or Lufthansa? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to New Delhi are Qatar Airways and Lufthansa. With an average price for the route of C$ 1,639 and an overall rating of 8.2, Qatar Airways is the most popular choice. Lufthansa is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 2,059 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to New Delhi from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to New Delhi with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to New Delhi from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to New Delhi Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 1,160 or less one-way and C$ 2,194 or less round-trip. If you need to arrive in New Delhi without incident, think about departing from Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ). Most flights to New Delhi depart from this airport, 22 km northwest of downtown Toronto. If you've booked the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to New Delhi, consider staying nearby, so you don't miss your flight. Book a hotel at the Sheraton Gateway Hotel, which is only a 3-minute walk from Toronto Pearson International Airport. Flights from Toronto Pearson Airport and Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL) accommodate those with limited mobility by allowing them to book their flights early so that wheelchairs and wheelchair attendants can be provided if necessary. There is also accessible parking at the airport's parking lot and accessible facilities and change areas for travellers flying from YYZ to DEL. Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) is the primary airport for the Greater Toronto Area, which includes York, Peel, Halton and Durham. Toronto Pearson International Airport, the departure airport for this route, is the primary hub for Air Canada Airlines. There is an Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge available at Toronto Pearson International Airport. This lounge is available free of charge to Air Canada Maple Leaf members (C$ 55 for non-members) with complimentary food and drinks, newspapers and magazines, business centres, and showers for travellers. For those who are travelling with children, you can keep the kids entertained with a visit to the Toronto Pearson International Airport children’s play area in Terminal 1 near Gate D24. Indira Gandhi International Airport serves as the primary airport for Northern India, including the capital city of the country, New Delhi. This airport also serves large nearby cities such as Jaipur, Ludhiana, and Lucknow. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Pearson Intl to New Delhi Indira Gandhi Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Pearson Intl to Indira Gandhi Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Pearson Intl to New Delhi Indira Gandhi Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air India,SriLankan Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air India, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air Canada,Air India,SriLankan Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air India, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air Canada,Air India,SriLankan Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air India, +2 more 1 Thursday Air Canada,Air India,SriLankan Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air India, +2 more 1 Friday Air Canada,Air India,SriLankan Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air India, +2 more 1 Saturday Air Canada,Air India,SriLankan Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air India, +2 more 1 Sunday Air Canada,Air India,SriLankan Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air India, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns New Delhi Indira Gandhi Intl to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air India,SriLankan Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air India, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air Canada,Air India,United Airlines Air Canada,Air India, +1 more Wednesday Air Canada,Air India,SriLankan Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air India, +2 more 1 Thursday Air Canada,Air India,SriLankan Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air India, +2 more 1 Friday Air Canada,Air India,SriLankan Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air India, +2 more 1 Saturday Air Canada,Air India,SriLankan Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air India, +2 more 1 Sunday Air Canada,Air India,SriLankan Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air India, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to New Delhi See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to New Delhi. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to New Delhi? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.2 Qatar AirwaysOverall score based on 11264 reviews 83boarding 80food 86crew 82entertainment 83overall 82comfort Airline reviews My Tv don’t work the whole from Doha to New Delhi. Overnight didn’t work from Bos to Doha and had to eat food without lightRead more about Qatar Airways My Tv don’t work the whole from Doha to New Delhi. Overnight didn’t work from Bos to Doha and had to eat food without light Good and comfortable flight Helpful crew Decent food and drinks Was humiliated at Doha airport, treaded like a cattle class traveler, I hold platinum pro status with AA and I don’t fly economy even domestic but was made to travel in the middle seat in economy class and boarding zone 3 and was denied lounge access at Doha airport. Never was humiliated like this before. Nothing I knew what I was getting into ; no complaints when on string budget Privacy and comfort of the QSuites is wonderful. The boarding process in Doha is cumbersome and confusing. As transfer passengers, traveling in Business Class, we went through security twice, including one at the gate requiring all electronic devices removed from bags and watches off, which are a great way to lose belongings as a few hundred people rush through to board the plane. Pros: "Great crew, great customer service by phone, great food and entertainment." Cons: "Boarding and deplaning took ages, but don't they always?" Pros: "crew was so kind and lovely with our daughter" Cons: "food was fairly rough from Doha and the wine options in economy on all flights were terrible" Pros: "The crew was polite and professional" Cons: "The food was disgusting The plane is dirty The bags are treated badly" Pros: "Crew was very attentive especially effective helping a mother with a spoilt screaming child!" Cons: "The food was very mediocre!" Pros: "Liked comfort and srvice" Cons: "Doha to Lahore flight plane was a bit older than Edinburgh was new and exciting" Pros: "Most comfortable seats of the three flights. Crew friendly and attentive. Acted like they enjoyed their work." Cons: "Luggage still in Atlanta with Delta." Pros: "non stop flight" Cons: "Crowded, small plane. No air after people had boarded while fuel was being replenished (dangerous?), sitting at gate for 20minutes. This, after a 2 hour delay. Then a rough landing in Minneapolis- plane brakes sharply and suddenly, shuddered to a taxi rate of speed. simple snacks, not very good." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Worse experience ever, flight delayed, lost connection, many hours in phone trying to fixed and anyway lost the flight, spent so many time at the airport with the front desk so disappointed" Cons: "You guys didn't allow me to get in this plane and i missed my flight." Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Cons: "Plane had to divert from Salt-Lake City due to a storm. My son 17 years old traveling alone once in Salt-Lake City should have been given priority for an overnight stay instead of sleeping on an airport bench! Dinner + Breakfast vouchers would also have been nice compared to the 15$ food voucher..." Pros: "The on board food was amazing, nothing like I’d ever had on a plane before. I was also pleased with the choices for entertainment." Cons: "The seat was not comfortable in economy. I could not sleep and there were no air vents. Every time I tried to rest my head on the seat in front of me the screen would turn on and get super hot. I wish there was a cover or something you could turn the screen completely off." Pros: "The flight attendants were amazing. 12 people had a connecting flight and they brought a shuttle bus. You dont see that kind of service any more 10 stars for that" Cons: "Super small plane." Pros: "The overall experience on the flight was quite pleasing. The flight crew created a warm atmosphere on what was a very cold morning. Seating was not the most comfortable but the wasn't unbearable." Cons: "Delta should have a better food menu for those early flights unless the motive is to encourage everyone to eat an organic and wholesome meal prior to boarding, something we all should be doing." Pros: "I liked the touch screen displays in each headrest. Seats and leg room comfortable" Cons: "Boarding was somewhat unorganized" Cons: "We were not allowed to board our connecting flight and are stranded currently at the Istanbul airport and had to book our next flight with indigo as the staff closed the boarding ahead of time even though we were on time. Lot of shouting and crying by other passengers happening for the same reason." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "For such a LONG flight, grateful to ask Turkish Airlines to make available bigger aircrafts." Pros: "Yes.The crew was amazing" Cons: "To have a variety of foodstuffs especially the soft drinks. Hot Tea wasn't really hot.Just warm." Pros: "Entertainment, and crew was nice" Cons: "Seats and food. I had a dietary restriction (no dairy). But instead of giving me poached chicken and boiled potatoes be more creative and put more flavour. It’s lactose free not flavour free" Pros: "NOTHING!" Cons: "Too exhausted from the long flight. But really wanted to say - Never flying them again after my itinerary is completed. They have just lost any revenue they would ever have gained from me in the future." Cons: "I will never forget Turkish airlines again. They stole our money. We were at our flight on time but they wouldn't let us board. They then said we were no shows and cancelled all our remaining flights with no refund. This ended up costing us around $3000. We don't have this kind of money and I don't know how we will pay rent next month." Pros: "The planets and stars we're aligned to provide an optimal trip. Price was a huge determinant for me...$800 RT Houston to Delhi just can't be beat. And, their arrival time into Delhi is so early (5: 20 am) that customs and immigration is a breeze." Cons: "All good." Pros: "Not much" Cons: "They pack biz seats in 7 across. Most airlines go with 6 across. Lack of space and they charge the same as other airlines. Low value for the money charged. Much better value using if you use any other airline." Cons: "Boarding. The gates were cheep changing. Poor room between seats." Cons: "Didn't happen. My first leg to Athens was canceled which created a humongous headache since it ended up canceling my return flights. Air Canada had to put me on completely new flights there and back. I think this has taught me to go directly through an airline. Justfly was not helpful. Neither was Turkish airlines." Cons: "Boarding was slow but they had increased number of wheelchair clients. Not their fault but was a known so the process could have been started earlier." Pros: "Service was good. Flight attendants were friendly" Cons: "The departure area at terminal 1 YYZ was crowded and not the most comfortable experience" Pros: "I didn’t enjoy this flight as everything seemed very unwelcoming here" Cons: "Take care of passengers for drinks and others. Treat passengers with other languages nicely rather than in condescending way. I saw air hostess laughing among themselves and being little short with passengers who couldn’t communicate. The boarding process was very chaotic with no groups." Pros: "Plane didn't crash." Cons: "Boarding totally chaotic, someone was in my assigned seat, plane was very late, food was crappy, no legroom , seat and armrests uncomfortable , constant screaming babies, smelly passengers, music only came out of one speaker, music kept jumping from one song to another and then back !" Pros: "I liked that we got served a lot of snacks and food :)" Cons: "Nothing honestly! Smooth flight :)" Pros: "Ended up flying with air canada after they switched us" Cons: "Lufthansa switched us three times , and then when we got to the airport in toronto it was air Canada. They found our grandparents tickets but not ours. Ridicule our flight was supposed to be only 1h layover, inatead it’s 6 and we are going to miss all our next travel accommodations." Cons: "During the main meal many many passengers had no option for the main dish.. Only vegetarian dish! Many passengers didn't eat." Cons: "Just talked to my parents who were traveling and they had no help at FRA. It was very disappointing and something they said they do not want to go thru ever again." Pros: "The flight attendants all were very helpful and seemed to enjoy their jobs" Pros: "Crew helped us with connections" Cons: "Choice of seat came with a cost. Very uncomfortable seating. Not enough room." I paid for premium seats and the last minute they changed the aircraft for a bigger one, they bumped me to another seat which was NOT at all comfortable for an 11 hour flight, will fight for a refund!! The landing was catastrophic. I was very scared. I thought it were my last lminues. Pilotes should be more experienced ALL services were good. An announcement should’ve been made at the end of the flight that filling out a customs form would not be necessary anymore for USA travelers entering Philadelphia. The flight was smooth, the premier economy seats were comfortable, the flight crew were excellent. The on board food, however, was AWFUL. I suggest bringing your own food on board. The flight was smooth, our premier economy seats were comfortable, the flight crew were especially fine - attentive, cheerful. The food, however was AWFUL. I advise bringing your own on board. The service on board should have been better fast service Everything was good crew, food and comfort but the entertainment was a little bad the tvs stopped working half way through travel. The boarding was delayed and they didn’t let us know why until after we sat on the plane (the plane was delayed getting in) but they had us waiting in line for over 1/2 hour for some reason which I didn’t understand. They were on time that’s the only good thing I can say about them. Everything else could’ve been better starting from the rude crew to the condition of the plane to the food and the entertainment system not working very well but they did get my bags to me (which they forced me to check even though I only had a small carry on) which friends that also flew on ITA did not get, so at least there’s that. The programming in the entertainment features was very out of date. Qatar Airways8.2 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 Lufthansa7.8 ITA Airways7.2 Book cheap flights from Toronto to New Delhi Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to New Delhi found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 20/1Sat 3 stops 52h 15mYYZ-DEL C$ 482 Search 27/2Tue 2 stops 39h 05mYYZ-DEL C$ 484 Search 31/3Sun 2 stopsQatar Airways 29h 55mYYZ-DEL C$ 485 Search 21/4Sun 2 stopsQatar Airways 30h 02mYYZ-DEL C$ 488 Search 12/2Mon 2 stopsQatar Airways 29h 25mYYZ-DEL C$ 489 Search 12/2Mon directAir India 13h 35mYYZ-DEL C$ 628 Search 31/3Sun directAir India 13h 50mYYZ-DEL C$ 646 Search 11/2Sun 1 stopTurkish Airlines 21h 05mYYZ-DEL C$ 661 Search 13/2Tue 1 stopTurkish Airlines 21h 05mYYZ-DEL C$ 665 Search 22/1Mon 1 stopLufthansa 17h 40mYYZ-DEL C$ 719 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineQatar AirwaysAir IndiaTurkish AirlinesLufthansa Search by priceC$ 480 or lessC$ 490 or lessC$ 630 or lessC$ 660 or lessC$ 720 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to New Delhi Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to New Delhi that are departing in the next 10 days. 2/12Sat multi-stopQatar Airways 45h 25mYYZ-DEL 11/12Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 58h 21mDEL-YYZ C$ 1,093 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 42h 00mYYZ-DEL 11/12Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 58h 21mDEL-YYZ C$ 1,124 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopEmirates 41h 10mYYZ-DEL 9/2Fri multi-stopEmirates 43h 06mDEL-YYZ C$ 1,500 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopFinnair 25h 25mYYZ-DEL 15/2Thu multi-stopFinnair 41h 30mDEL-YYZ C$ 1,502 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 33h 55mYYZ-DEL 23/1Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 20h 27mDEL-YYZ C$ 1,515 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopEmirates 41h 10mYYZ-DEL 9/2Fri multi-stopEmirates 43h 06mDEL-YYZ C$ 1,517 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 19h 50mYYZ-DEL 14/12Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 20h 27mDEL-YYZ C$ 1,551 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 23h 40mYYZ-DEL 14/12Thu multi-stopAir Canada 20h 27mDEL-YYZ C$ 1,566 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopAir Canada 29h 30mYYZ-DEL 23/1Tue multi-stopAir Canada 30h 02mDEL-YYZ C$ 1,568 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopFinnair 25h 25mYYZ-DEL 10/2Sat multi-stopFinnair 41h 30mDEL-YYZ C$ 1,616 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineQatar AirwaysEmiratesFinnairUnited AirlinesAir Canada Search by priceC$ 1,120 or lessC$ 1,500 or lessC$ 1,520 or lessC$ 1,570 or lessC$ 1,620 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - New Delhi Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Destination: New Delhi (DEL)India Return flight deals: New Delhi - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: C$ 3,723 First Class flights to New Delhi C$ 3,084 Business Class flights to New Delhi C$ 2,882 Prem Econ Class flights to New Delhi C$ 1,850 Economy Class flights to New Delhi Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 1,193Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to New Delhi Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » New Delhi C$ 1,193Flights to New Delhi, New Delhi Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search New Delhi flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to New Delhi from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to New Delhi from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.