Cheap Flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale from C$ 103 | (YUL - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YUL - FLL Find cheap flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale from C$ 103 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 20/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 2:45 p.m. - 6:30 p.m.YUL-FLL 3h 45mdirect 10:40 a.m. - 2:00 p.m.FLL-YUL 3h 20mdirect C$ 109Flair Airlines Find Deal Sun, 5 May - Sun, 26 May 3:50 p.m. - 7:35 p.m.YUL-FLL 3h 45mdirect 11:45 a.m. - 3:05 p.m.FLL-YUL 3h 20mdirect C$ 111Flair Airlines Find Deal Sun, 28 Jan - Mon, 5 Feb 3:50 p.m. - 7:35 p.m.YUL-FLL 3h 45mdirect 10:50 a.m. - 2:10 p.m.FLL-YUL 3h 20mdirect C$ 113Flair Airlines Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Thu, 29 Feb 7:40 a.m. - 11:28 a.m.YUL-FLL 3h 48mdirect 9:15 p.m. - 12:44 a.m.FLL-YUL 3h 29mdirect C$ 198Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 16 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 4:20 p.m. - 8:08 p.m.YUL-FLL 3h 48mdirect 9:15 p.m. - 12:44 a.m.FLL-YUL 3h 29mdirect C$ 200Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Tue, 16 Jan 10:45 a.m. - 8:32 p.m.YUL-FLL 9h 47m2 stops 8:40 a.m. - 3:35 p.m.FLL-YUL 6h 55m1 stop C$ 204Porter Airlines Find Deal Wed, 13 Dec - Wed, 20 Dec 7:35 a.m. - 4:19 p.m.YUL-FLL 8h 44m1 stop 8:40 a.m. - 3:35 p.m.FLL-YUL 6h 55m1 stop C$ 205Porter Airlines Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Wed, 20 Dec 4:25 p.m. - 8:10 p.m.YUL-FLL 3h 45mdirect 9:15 p.m. - 12:40 a.m.FLL-YUL 3h 25mdirect C$ 218Air Transat Find Deal Wed, 13 Dec - Tue, 19 Dec 4:25 p.m. - 8:10 p.m.YUL-FLL 3h 45mdirect 9:15 p.m. - 12:40 a.m.FLL-YUL 3h 25mdirect C$ 219Air Transat Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Wed, 13 Dec 3:16 p.m. - 12:32 a.m.YUL-FLL 9h 16m1 stop 7:00 a.m. - 5:07 p.m.FLL-YUL 10h 07m1 stop C$ 253Delta Find Deal Thu, 8 Feb - Sun, 11 Feb Show more results Flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale is September, where tickets cost C$ 339 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and February, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 660 and C$ 551 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 81 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK was with Flair Airlines for C$ 103. Flair Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from C$ 148 and Air Canada from C$ 269. Which airlines fly direct between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale. They are: Air Canada, Air Transat and Flair Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 158. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Fort Lauderdale per day? Each day, there are between 5 and 8 nonstop flights that take off from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and land in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 3h 49m. The most common departure time is 4:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 46 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale take? Direct flights cover the 3,586 km separating Montreal to Fort Lauderdale in about 3h 39m. What’s the earliest departure time from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport at 6:30 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 10:20 am. What’s the latest departure time from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 4:25 pm and lands at 8:10 pm. Good to know Low season September High season February Cheapest flight C$ 103 Best time to beat the crowds (28% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (19% more expensive on average) Flight from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Montreal to Fort Lauderdale flights Are there any other airports I can utilize in Florida that are close to Fort Lauderdale? Another fantastic option that is just a short trip to the south of Fort Lauderdale is the Miami International Airport (MIA), and from Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, you can find direct flights to this airport aboard Air Canada and American Airlines. Will it be possible to rent a car when I arrive at Fort Lauderdale International Airport (FLL)? A really nice feature of this airport is that they offer rental car services from around 12 different rental car companies in a dedicated rental car centre. This rental centre sits adjacent to Terminal One, and to get to the centre from Terminal One, passengers should follow the signage to the pedestrian bridge in Concourse B. Passengers arriving at any other terminal can take the free shuttle bus to the centre from dedicated pickup areas outside at the baggage claim area on the curbside. Are there any lounges at Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport? If you have some extra time before you begin boarding at Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, consider relaxing in a lounge. There are multiple branches of the Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge throughout the airport, as well as a National Bank Lounge (Swissport) in the International Departures area. What facilities does Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport offer for families? You’ll find nursing rooms near most restrooms in Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, and these contain changing tables, microwaves, seating, and sinks. There is an Air Transit playground in the International Area, and it has a variety of games and activities for the little ones. At each information desk, you can rent a courtesy cart to help you navigate the airport with children and all your luggage. Does Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood Airport have its own on-site hotel? There is no hotel located directly at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood, but there are a few that are just a short drive away and that have free shuttle services to and from the airport. The Crowne Plaza Ft Lauderdale Airport/Cruise is approximately an 8min drive from the airport and it has a free 24h shuttle service. There is also the Comfort Suites Fort Lauderdale Airport & Cruise Port that is less than a 10min drive from the main terminal and has a free shuttle available from 5am to 12am. How can I go from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport to downtown? If you choose to drive from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport to the city center, the trip will normally take you between 5 and 10min if there is no additional traffic. You can also use public transport, like bus line 01, and this will take you 25min. A one-way ticket normally costs $1.75 (C$ 2.15). Which airports will I be using when flying from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale? On your way to Fort Lauderdale, you’ll fly out from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl. You’ll be landing at Fort Lauderdale. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale? Air Canada, JetBlue, WestJet, and Undisclosed Carrier offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Montreal to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Montreal to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Montreal and Fort Lauderdale. On which days can I fly direct from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale? There are direct flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale, Delta or Porter Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale are Delta and Porter Airlines. With an average price for the route of C$ 454 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Porter Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 549 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from Montreal is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to Montreal with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from Montreal up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 189 or less one-way and C$ 303 or less round-trip. One of the easiest ways you can travel from downtown Montreal to the Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport (YUL) is aboard the STM 747 Express, which can take you to the airport in about 20 minutes, and you will find that buses leave downtown from the Station Lionel-Grolux every 15 minutes or so 24 hours per day. If you are going to drive yourself to the Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, one of the most convenient ways to park your car is to reserve your specific parking spot online at the airport website that guarantees you a parking spot and offers some of the lowest rates for parking. Travellers that have a location to the west of Montreal looking for an alternate airport for their trip to Ft. Lauderdale might instead consider the Ottawa International Airport (YOW), which offers direct flights to Fort Lauderdale International Airport (FLL) aboard Flair Airlines. Flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale will depart from Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport (YUL), which is known for being one of the largest airports in Canada. It’s also a major hub for Air Canada, so you will find that this company often services flights for this route. When you reach your destination of Fort Lauderdale, you will land at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL). Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport is one of the major airports in Florida and can be found just under 35 km from the city center. It’s possible to find direct flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale, and these are often serviced by companies such as Air Canada. You may find some itineraries that require a layover, and these are frequently operated by United Airlines. Sit back and relax while waiting for your flight to begin boarding at Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport and treat yourself at the BALNEA Spa Voyage. Here, you can choose from many services, including massages, manicures, and facials. If you want to store some of your luggage once you have arrived at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, you can head to the storage desk that is in each Arrivals Terminal. This service is usually open between 9am and 5:30pm, and both hourly and daily rates are offered. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Fort Lauderdale Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29957 reviews 75food 85crew 78entertainment 78comfort 81boarding 81overall Airline reviews Pros: "Very nice people and helpful. Good attitude" Cons: "Board was a bit disorganized and took much longer than I am used to even on full planes"Read more about Delta Pros: "Very nice people and helpful. Good attitude" Cons: "Board was a bit disorganized and took much longer than I am used to even on full planes" Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Pros: "The crew was amazing, the seats were super comfortable, entertainment was great, lots of movies to choose from. Also they handed out a lot of great snacks" Cons: "The delay was totally unexpected and frustrating particularly when no bad weather around!" Pros: "The crew was great." Cons: "The flight and crew were great. But I was not able to choose my seat because I purchased an economy flight. I was very uncomfortable. But I was luck that that people that were sitting with me were great." Cons: "Passengers should have the option to ask for additional snacks." Cons: "Had to collect & re check luggage between flights. Couldn't they have been transferred to the next aircraft?" Pros: "Crew was amazing." Cons: "Delayed departure due to late crew arrival. Not a huge deal." Pros: "Zee was our flight attendant and she was absolutely wonderful. Personable, attentive, and she made sure each and every person on the plane was comfortable and happy, going so far as to move solo passengers to empty rows so they could have more space. I wish she could be on every flight I take." Pros: "We had purchased economy tickets and got assigned seats that were not next to each other. As we were boarding the ticket person gave us a new seat assignment closer to the front and next to each other – we really appreciated and liked it. Makes me want to fly Delta again!" Cons: "The flight was delayed by 2 hours . We missed our appointment and want to be compensated!!!" Pros: "Flight attendants are among the most professional and refined I’ve come across traveling anywhere in North America. It’s a pleasure flying with them." Pros: "Our flight attendant was WONDERFUL! I wish I knew her name. She was the only one with glasses. This was the ~3:15pm flight Nov 25 from Montreal to Toronto. She was very pleasant and attentive, and truly loved her job but not over the top. My friend and I were super impressed by the service of everyone but especially her. The snacks were also a very nice touch. Great prices and deals on flights" Pros: "The seats were comfortable and even roomy, compared to many other airlines." Cons: "Two minor drawbacks: (1) In the Porter lounge, where I was stuck between connecting flights, the cost of food was too high. (2) The weather buffets these small planes more than would be the case with jetliners." Pros: "We waited 45min in the plane before taking off, I missed my transfert flight and I had to wait for the next one in Toronto" Pros: "Easy on/easy off" Cons: "The lavatory was dirty and had a very high odour. There MUST be a way to clean it between flights." Pros: "Friendly crew, comfortable seats, leg room is really good and snacks." Cons: "Delayed flight 45 minutes" Cons: "There is only 1 lavatory on the plane and early in the flight they had to shut it down! Luckily there were no incidents but how can you not have a working lavatory?! What would they do if someone really had to go?" Pros: "Flight was delayed for 4 boring and tiring hrs." Cons: "Delayed flight and no decent food to purchase at d louge" Pros: "We made it to our destination. Flight attendants were pleasant. Juice was served in a real glass not plastic. Storage in overhead very narrow. Couldn’t get standard size bag it it." Cons: "Gate was changed but no announcements were made.Flight left over an hour late. No instructions given for people with connecting flights." From the moment I walked into the airport in Chicago to the moment I was walking off the plane in Florida I had an unforgettable experience! I was traveling with my 3 month old by myself and everyone just made sure I was taken care of. I couldn’t thank them enough! Pros: "super uncortable. everytime AA is shrinking their seats. wifi wasnt working and u have to pay" Cons: "I was asked to move from the front of the plane to the second to last row without a thank you or any kind of appreciation..." Pros: "Our flight attendant was very polite and with a great attitude." Cons: "The pilot arrived late because he went for a Tim Horton's coffee (I know that because I was in first row and I heard the flight attendants talking about that). Then, after he finally arrived with a tray full of coffees, there was an issue with the jet's computer and had to reset it and we had to wait even more. When we finally arrived, our Gate was taken by other plane already and we had to wait (more) for the first one to be available for us. Then, when we finally got our Gate, there was another issue, now with the "finger". They weren't able to move it and connect it to the plane to get off of it. So we had to wait AGAIN. And finally as soon as we got off the plane, they were supposed to give us our carry ons on the aisle (Because it was a small plane CR700) , but again, we had to wait almost 10 minutes so that they could send the luggage... To make things worse, I had a first class ticket and I couldn't get the perks of it at the airport. Because they said I wasn't flying in an international flight. Come on?! Canada->USA->Mexico is not International??? You lost me AA." Pros: "Amazing" Cons: "More room I pay for main cabin It feels it was just the regular" Pros: "The crew was great! The ride was smooth and the plane looked brand new!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Flight was late and caused me to miss my flight to Dallas." Pros: "Good boarding and on time departure." Cons: "Very uncomfortable seats and spacement between the seats too small and you feel very cramped specially when the person in front of you reclines his seat you can hardly move." Pros: "One of the only flights that got out during a blizzard. Very professional, de-icing went smoothly, pilot was smooth and flight was smooth." Cons: "All good" Pros: "The crew was excellent. Stewardess was cheerful and helpful. The flight while full was not crowded." Cons: "Plane was late. Mechanical issue at the gate after boarding. Seating room pretty tight. Three gate chanes at O'Hare." Cons: "To have known that you had to do security twice without leaving the boarding area." Pros: "The crew was great." Cons: "The seat space was very narrow for an international flight." Pros: "Crew amazing. Passengers great" Cons: "Seats are way too small. Aisles way too tight. Recent acquisition by air Canada must improve passenger comfort." Pros: "Air Transat provide excellent service with affordable prices. I have arrived late to check-in desk due to unexpected traffic but Air Transat team was very supportive, even helped us to cross the customs in no-time until the gate of the plane without interrupting the flight time. Highly Recommended." Pros: "Loved the extra leg room." Cons: "Food was horrible, had two bites and didn’t eat the rest." Pros: "Crew was good" Cons: "Old plane... not much room for legs and seating are uncomfortable! No personal entertainment système! Poor flight" Pros: "There was not much to like... we boarded quickly that was about it." Cons: "For starters, they should offer water and juice on all flights. On my outbound trip they only offered water and it took them a long time to offer the water. Also, on my inbound trip they turned on the lights after take off and had them on for a while. Seats are also SMALL." Pros: "Flow as smooth , attendants were good." Cons: "Boarding was delayed and then we sat about an hour on board waiting to get de-iced. Ended up over 1 1/2 hours late." Pros: "Price" Cons: "It took almost an hour from landing for our luggage to make it to the belt. For a domestic flight, this is really poor." Pros: "Crew was kind and attentive. Boarding was efficient." Cons: "Smallest seats I've been in in a while. Very poor on board entertainment (one 10" screen for every 4 rows, damaged audio ports, annoying movie choices). Very limited cabin storage." People like me who are 6 ft. or taller, do not belong on your planes. Knee room was terrible. The flight was delayed for over an hour and a half. There were no delays with the flight and check-in was fast and easy. Pros: "Nothing. I flu form FLL to Yul and back. I have 3 hours delay each time. At the beginning they announce 1 hour and after that nothing. No explanation why." Cons: "Continued. In my way back my seat was on the back of the plain. As soon I take my seat an urine smell hit my nose. All passengers around me complain about same issue. Soon we find out both back restroom have no water. We have to endure that smell all trip. NO MORE Air Canada. Is the 3rd bad experi" Pros: "Everything was perfect on the flight. The service, the food and the crew." Cons: "Seats are a bit small. Not very comfortable and touch screen of entertainment system was slow." Pros: "If there is good weather, everything will run smooth and on time." Cons: "Be aware of the snow... My flight from YUL (Montreal) to FLL was delayed 4 hours!! The inbound flight was diverted to Toronto just because of ONE inch of snow in Montreal Airport." Cons: "When I had to change my wife's ticket due to an emergency, we were charged over $415.00. That is unfair." Pros: "Where do i start? It’s a short flight to be sure but air canada planes never feel like many Other airlines’ mini planes or puddle jumpers. they seem new, spacious, seat back Entertainemnt, just great. Also, there is no scrimping on Service. How many Delta or united or American flights have i taken on this route only to be told “coffee or water” and sometimes no coffee “the flight is too short”. Nonsense! Granted I was in business, but I had a full hot breakfast served and a full array of beverages offered. It AC can do it, everyone can. The flight attendant was lovely." Cons: "The flight was too short :)" Pros: "Roomy plane." Cons: "Restroom no working for disabled. Boarding was disorganized and chaotic." Cons: "No entertainment no snacks no checked in luggage. You have to pay to rent iPad to watch inflight movies as pay for earphones. Air Canada has become a premium priced airline with extra low cost /no frills service. Sad and disappointing. Last time I am flying with AC. Rather book cheaper airlines and know what to expect than pay a premium and get even less than the low cost option. Boarding staff was rude pushing people etc" Delta7.9 Porter Airlines7.7 American Airlines7.2 Air Transat7.2 Air Canada7.1 Book cheap flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 20/1Sat directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYUL-FLL C$ 76 Search 22/4Mon directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYUL-FLL C$ 78 Search 20/1Sat 2 stopsPorter Airlines 8h 12mYUL-FLL C$ 117 Search 6/12Wed directAir Transat 3h 50mYUL-FLL C$ 120 Search 6/12Wed 2 stopsPorter Airlines 9h 47mYUL-FLL C$ 121 Search 7/12Thu directAir Transat 3h 50mYUL-FLL C$ 136 Search 9/1Tue directAir Canada 3h 48mYUL-FLL C$ 139 Search 5/12Tue 1 stopAir Canada 7h 14mYUL-FLL C$ 142 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 12h 38mYUL-FLL C$ 224 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 12h 10mYUL-FLL C$ 225 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesPorter AirlinesAir TransatAir CanadaUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 140 or lessC$ 140 or lessC$ 230 or less Last minute flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Montreal to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYUL-FLL 13/12Wed directFlair Airlines 3h 20mFLL-YUL C$ 145 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYUL-FLL 13/12Wed directFlair Airlines 3h 20mFLL-YUL C$ 158 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYUL-FLL 8/12Fri directFlair Airlines 3h 20mFLL-YUL C$ 159 Search 5/12Tue directAir Transat 3h 50mYUL-FLL 12/12Tue directAir Transat 3h 25mFLL-YUL C$ 193 Search 5/12Tue directAir Transat 3h 50mYUL-FLL 18/12Mon directAir Transat 3h 25mFLL-YUL C$ 195 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 6h 24mYUL-FLL 12/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 6h 55mFLL-YUL C$ 214 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 3h 48mYUL-FLL 16/12Sat directAir Canada 3h 29mFLL-YUL C$ 217 Search 4/12Mon directAir Canada 3h 48mYUL-FLL 9/12Sat directAir Canada 3h 29mFLL-YUL C$ 267 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 10mYUL-FLL 7/12Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 28mFLL-YUL C$ 277 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 00mYUL-FLL 8/12Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 28mFLL-YUL C$ 349 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesAir TransatPorter AirlinesAir CanadaUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 160 or lessC$ 190 or lessC$ 210 or lessC$ 270 or lessC$ 350 or less Montreal - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: Montreal (YUL)Canada Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - Montreal Cabin classes: First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale C$ 1,254 Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale C$ 907 Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale C$ 210 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 140Flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale C$ 140Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Moncton Flights to Victoria Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Montreal. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from Montreal. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.