Cheap Flights from Boston to San Francisco from $82 | (BOS - SFO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW BOS - SFO Find cheap flights from Boston to San Francisco from $82 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to San Francisco These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to San Francisco. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to San Francisco. How much is the cheapest flight from Boston to San Francisco?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Boston to San Francisco that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:05 pm - 11:03 pmBOS-SFO 6h 58mnonstop 7:00 am - 3:44 pmSFO-BOS 5h 44mnonstop $160Alaska Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 23 7:05 pm - 11:03 pmBOS-SFO 6h 58mnonstop 7:00 am - 3:44 pmSFO-BOS 5h 44mnonstop $164Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Thu, Jan 18 6:55 pm - 10:47 pmBOS-SFO 6h 52mnonstop 8:22 am - 6:58 pmSFO-BOS 7h 36m1 stop $174JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 23 8:00 am - 11:50 amBOS-SFO 6h 50mnonstop 8:25 am - 5:02 pmSFO-BOS 5h 37mnonstop $178United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Sat, Jan 20 8:00 am - 2:39 pmBOS-SFO 9h 39m1 stop 7:00 am - 5:35 pmSFO-BOS 7h 35m1 stop $180American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Jan 25 5:00 pm - 11:38 pmBOS-SFO 9h 38m1 stop 1:36 pm - 12:52 amSFO-BOS 8h 16m1 stop $181American Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Fri, Jan 19 4:09 pm - 10:31 pmBOS-SFO 9h 22m1 stop 11:30 am - 11:23 pmSFO-BOS 8h 53m1 stop $184JetBlue Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Thu, Jan 18 7:59 am - 12:13 pmBOS-SFO 7h 14mnonstop 10:15 pm - 6:59 amSFO-BOS 5h 44mnonstop $198Delta Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Wed, Jan 17 7:59 am - 12:13 pmBOS-SFO 7h 14mnonstop 1:25 pm - 10:02 pmSFO-BOS 5h 37mnonstop $199Delta Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Thu, Jan 25 8:00 am - 11:50 amBOS-SFO 6h 50mnonstop 11:59 pm - 12:12 pmSFO-BOS 9h 13m1 stop $203United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 Show more results Flights from Boston to San Francisco - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Boston to San Francisco to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Boston to San Francisco? The average price of all flights from Boston to San Francisco clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Boston to San Francisco, you should consider leaving on a Thursday and avoid Sundays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Boston, you’ll find the best rates on Wednesdays and the most expensive ones on Sundays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Boston to San Francisco? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Boston to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Boston to San Francisco is January, where tickets cost $277 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and December, where the average cost of tickets is $468 and $458 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Boston to San Francisco? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Boston to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Boston to San Francisco, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 50 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Boston to San Francisco? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Boston to San Francisco found on KAYAK was with Alaska Airlines for $82. Alaska Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $160 and JetBlue from $174. Which airlines fly most frequently between Boston and San Francisco? United Airlines connects Boston to San Francisco up to 5 flights per day, followed by JetBlue (3 flights per day), and Alaska Airlines (2 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Boston and San Francisco? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Boston to San Francisco. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Boston to San Francisco. They are: Alaska Airlines, Delta, JetBlue and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Alaska Airlines at $129 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Alaska Airlines. How many flights are there between Boston and San Francisco per day? Each day, there are between 7 and 15 nonstop flights that take off from Boston and land in San Francisco, with an average flight time of 6h 52m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 84 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Boston and San Francisco? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Boston to San Francisco take? A direct flight to San Francisco will take on average 6h 37m to travel the 2,696 miles flying distance from Boston. What’s the earliest departure time from Boston to San Francisco? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Boston at 5:01 am and will be landing in San Francisco at 9:02 am. What’s the latest departure time from Boston to San Francisco? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Boston to San Francisco jets off at 9:20 pm and lands at 12:57 am. Good to know Low season January High season December Cheapest flight $82 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 28% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 20% increase in price. Flight from Boston to San Francisco When to book flights from Boston to San Francisco Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Boston to San Francisco based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Boston to San Francisco Is there parking at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS)? There are numerous parking options at BOS like the Central Parking Garage, which is linked to all terminals, including Terminal B Garage, next to Terminal B. You’ll also get Exit Express Parking Pay Station in garages and terminals. How do I get from SFO to the Golden Gate Bridge? The distance from SFO and the Golden Gate Bridge is roughly 17.3 miles. BART and line 28 bus provide the best way to get to this site, with the journey lasting about 1h. A taxi is another option, especially for those who want to travel in privacy and comfort. It takes about 22min to reach the bridge. Are there car rentals at San Francisco International Airport? Car rental garages are located on McDonnell Road. A free AirTrain Blue shuttle makes regular trips to this place at 5-15min intervals. The service is available daily, including on weekends. It passes through the airport’s main terminals and parking garages, stopping at the car rental garage. Are there any services for passengers with limited mobility at SFO upon their arrival? San Francisco International Airport caters to the needs of travelers with disabilities, or persons with limited mobility. Affected passengers should head to the counters of their respective airlines for directions. There are airline representatives to assist with wheelchairs. For further assistance, dial 1-6210 from specially marked phones at the terminal. If my pet travels with me on my trip from Boston to San Francisco where will I be able to pick it up upon arrival? At San Francisco Airport, pets that are traveling in the baggage compartment will be delivered at the baggage claim area. If you instead brought your pet using your airline’s cargo service, you must contact your airline directly. Each airline has its own off-site cargo office location where you can retrieve your pet after your flight. If I am being picked up at San Francisco Airport, where is the best place for my ride to meet me? The airport offers a free cell phone lot that is located near the long-term parking lot. Drivers are advised to park there until your flight arrives, since there is no parking of any kind at the terminal building. The maximum waiting time allowed in the cell phone lot is sixty minutes. Is there a post office at San Francisco Airport? There is a full United States Postal Branch at the airport just north of the airport, and there are mailboxes located outside each of the terminal buildings. If you are simply in need of stamps, there are stamp machines located on the Departures level of all of the terminal buildings. Where can I get an Uber at San Francisco International Airport? Upon arrival at San Francisco International, you should collect all of your bags and then request your ride. Once you have requested your ride you may meet Uber Pool and Express Pool rides on level 5 of the domestic garage and all other rides, such as Uber Black and SUV, can be met at the departures level located on the second floor of the domestic terminal. Do I need a passport to fly between Boston and San Francisco? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Boston to San Francisco. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Boston to San Francisco? JetBlue, American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Boston to San Francisco flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Boston to San Francisco? The Boeing 757-200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Boston to San Francisco flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Boston to San Francisco? oneworld, Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Boston and San Francisco, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Boston to San Francisco? There are nonstop flights from Boston to San Francisco on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Boston to San Francisco, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Boston to San Francisco are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $338 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $378 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Boston to San Francisco? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Boston to San Francisco. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Boston to San Francisco? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to San Francisco from Boston is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Boston to San Francisco? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to San Francisco with an airline and back to Boston with another airline. Booking your flights between Boston and SFO can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Boston to San Francisco? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to San Francisco from Boston up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from BOS to San Francisco Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $174 or less one-way and $281 or less round-trip. If you’re planning to fly with Delta Airlines flights from Boston to San Francisco, you’ll be happy to know that the carrier has a hub at San Francisco International Airport (SFO). Passengers aboard this flight will land at Terminal 2 at SFO. Centurion Lounge, located in Concourse D, is accessible to passengers with Platinum Cards from American Express. Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) is not only the biggest but also the most active and busiest airport in Boston. It’s equipped with modern infrastructure and high-tech innovations, making it a preferred departure point. There are four terminals at this facility linked to each other by walkways and regular shuttle buses. Those who want to pray as part of their routine before departure to San Francisco can step into the chapel and have a quiet session away from the noisy departure terminals. You can locate this religious sanctuary in Terminal C pre-security, on the Arrivals Level. Regardless of your faith, your needs will be met. After long hours on the road to the airport, you probably need self-indulgence ahead of your trip to SFO. Make your way to Xpress Spa (at Terminal B) where a spa is located. From pedicure, manicure, deep-tissue massage and steamy facials, every service here will give you much-needed relaxation. Jet Setter Mini Spa and Classique Nail Salon in Terminal C offers nail therapy. For families traveling with kids, the airport caters to your needs as there are nursing and lactating rooms at San Francisco International Airport. The rooms are spacious, beautiful and private. They are situated at both pre-security and post-security in Terminals 1, 2 and 3. After long flights from Boston to San Francisco, you are most likely looking to rest and recuperate. That is where the Best Western Plus Grosvenor Airport Hotel can help. This hotel is located just 1.5 miles from the airport and is the perfect hotel for those traveling for both business and pleasure. If you feel like you need of a bit of a pick-me-up after your long flight from Boston to San Francisco, stop by Freshen Up. This unique airport concept is located in the main hall of San Francisco International Airport near the entrance to gates G91-G102. Freshen Up offers shower facilities, toiletries, ironing facilities, and undergarments, all designed to get you feeling like yourself again after your long flight. If you are craving a cold beer before your flight from Boston to San Francisco, then why not stop by the Boston Beer Works? Located in Terminal C near Gate C-14 at Boston Logan International Airport, this restaurant offers soups and salads as well as a variety of wraps and plates and, of course, a wide selection of craft beers. When looking for something completely unique to commemorate your time in Boston, stop by New England Collections located in Terminal A near Gate A-7 at Boston Logan International Airport. This specialty shop carries a whole host of gifts, clothing, and novelties that highlight the unique New England lifestyle. Sports fans with some time on their hands before flights from Boston to San Francisco should make it a point to stop in at Game On located in Terminal A near Gate A15 in Boston Logan International Airport. This unique concept is part restaurant, part sports bar, and part game room. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Boston Logan Intl to San Francisco? Find which airlines fly direct from Logan Intl to San Francisco, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Boston Logan Intl to San Francisco Search Flights Monday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +14 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +15 more 13 14 Tuesday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +16 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday ANA, Air China, Air New Zealand, +16 more ANA, Air China, +17 more 15 16 Thursday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +16 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +17 more 15 16 Friday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +15 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +16 more 14 15 Saturday ANA, Air China, Air New Zealand, +15 more ANA, Air China, +16 more 14 15 Sunday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +17 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +18 more 16 17 See more direct flights Nonstop returns San Francisco to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +15 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +16 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday ANA, Air China, Air New Zealand, +16 more ANA, Air China, +17 more 15 16 Thursday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +16 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +17 more 15 16 Friday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +16 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +17 more 15 16 Saturday ANA, Air China, Air New Zealand, +16 more ANA, Air China, +17 more 15 16 Sunday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +17 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +18 more 16 17 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Boston to San Francisco See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Boston to San Francisco. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Boston to San Francisco? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14219 reviews 87boarding 84comfort 90crew 86overall 80entertainment 78food Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was very nice and great, especially since turbulence made their jobs stressful as well." Pros: "The crew was very nice and great, especially since turbulence made their jobs stressful as well." Cons: "Nothing. Smooth flight, friendly crew, and early arrival. Can’t be beat!" Pros: "Flight was on time and arrived early. Crew knew what to do and made the flight run as smoothly as possible." Pros: "The seating was a lot more spacious than on the Delta flight we took to Portugal three weeks ago." Cons: "The gate agent got the boarding group messages mixed up on the display screens, which allowed some people with C boarding numbers to board with the first group of As, but aside from that minor issue everything went fine (it was a full flight, and too many people carried on luggage, as usual)." Pros: "Excellent, funny, helpful crew. On-time departure and arrival." Cons: "Although seat pitch on Southwest is better than many other airlines, it is still tight..." Cons: "The seats are small but I'm also a big dude so that might be a factor" Pros: "I forgot the guy's name buy one of the crew members was especially funny! Good snacks, comfy seats, solid entertainment." Pros: "The first class room and seating." Cons: "I decided to try a first class international to be pampered and quite frankly I have had better attention in economy seats. Either my expectations were to high or flight crew fell short. In either event i was not favorably impressed. Lost checked bad to add! Hopeful my return trip Apr 1 will b bette" Pros: "I always like Southwest employees really love their job. The employees from gate agents to flight attendants were amazing. Good job and thank you for making our flight enjoyable!" Pros: "Other than WiFi, everything was great & smooth" Cons: "WiFi kept freezing so I had to go back and “Resume Playback” no airtime." Cons: "First class in an airplane this size is a bit limited (especially legroom) when in the first row." Cons: "Flight on time and not wait 30 min on the runway to get to a gate once landed" Pros: "The seat was nice." Cons: "Offered water or Orange juice in a can due to a short flight. I may recommend no canned orange juice, due to the quality ingredients and something more freshly squeezed for health benefits. And offers coffee or tea." Pros: "Crew were very attentive and hospitable to the crew. I have been flying ASIANA many times and enjoy the flight as well." Pros: "NOTHING ㅗ" Cons: "GROUND SERVICE. The flight was delayed causing me to miss my connecting flight. The ground staff at BWI said they could do nothing about it. I spent an extra $1000." Cons: "Really old plane. Not well cleaned. Bring sanitary wipes for seat and tray tables. But cabin crew is top notch." Pros: "Flight was ok." Cons: "They took away our seats and then gave us new ones but we were separated. My son is 2 and I was t able to sit with him and my wife." Cons: "Bathrooms were not maintained during duration of flight. With airlines like Delta and JetBlue stepping up their in-flight service Alaska needs to get with the program. I think everyone and their mothers we're in boarding group C but yet no one was in A...make it more dispersed." Pros: "The female attendant went above and beyond. She was kind, thorough, and helped make the flight the best I’ve been on with Alaska Airlines so far!" Pros: "One beverage cart pass during a very long flight. No food available unless preordered. Not even the obligatory mini pretzels." Cons: "the flight was 2 hours delayed but the staff continuously kept us up to date" Cons: "It was a 6 hour flight and I didn’t know only 2 snacks and a water were available on the plane until I got to the airport. Almost everything was still closed at the airport. We were quite hungry and thirsty." Pros: "It has been over 2 years and I still remember the service, comfort and atmosphere of this flight. Whatever JetBlue is doing, it works!" Pros: "I liked the male flight attendants on my flight. They were nice and cheery and was always willing to help. The inflight entertainment and WiFi was great. The snacks were also good." Cons: "I forgot to the flight attendant’s name but she was quite rude. I traveled with an infant who required warming up of her milk in a bottle and I would ask for hot water and she failed to bring it over. I requested hot water twice. Initially when the plane was taking off- she stated she cannot bring anything while the flight was taking off but even after take off and in cruising altitudes she did not come over until we rang the call bell and another flight attendant came over. Second time mid flight we happen to ask the same flight attendant for hot water as she passed by— she nodded her head but again never returned with the hot water. Again I hit the call button and another attendant came over and gave me water. I felt that she did not like attending to the flight guests and always seemed to give an attitude. I understand traveling with a child may be hard for others, but imagine the parents who have to care for a starving baby. The flight was also a bit too warm." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and responsive" Cons: "Would’ve been nice if they offer headphones. Maybe they did and I just didn’t notice." Pros: "A 6+ hour flight is always tedious but jet Blue is always the best option, with live tv and a good supply of movies and snacks." Cons: "Quicker departure, 20 minutes on the tarmac, but that’s not the airline fault...FAA Boston" Pros: "Crew was nice and accommodating. Plenty of leg room in regular cabin. Good entertainment options.?" Pros: "Great crew. Mint experience is fantastic, actually great airline food. Better than any other domestic first class. Free internet!" Pros: "crew were great. free snacks with lots of variety. Great assortment of films available." Cons: "Flight was significantly delayed with no real clarity when the final departure time would be." Pros: "-Excellent crew -Nice leg space even if Economy -Free DirecTV -Free internet with decent speed -Electric outlet under every seat -Free seat selection at the time of booking" Cons: "-Boarding process: should organize the boarding area so that lines can form for each boarding group" Pros: "The crew was great. The pilots too." Cons: "The audio and video at my seat did not work correctly." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and took good care of the passengers" Cons: "Nothing, really. Airlines unfortunately can’t make people patient or polite, & I can’t afford a private jet, so I’ll have to settle for an eye roll or twelve." Pros: "Seat was hard, not much foot space" Cons: "My wife and Iasked for a snack, it was never delivered" Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "An hour and a half late, terrible communication about scheduling" Pros: "nice crew" Cons: "terrible seat comfort, late departure due to airline’s booking problems" Pros: "It is a busy travel day and this flight was unbelievably smooth. The entire crew was competent and friendly." Pros: "Great service" Cons: "Look, if your kid is so young that he can’t get in a plane without screaming for four hours, you shouldn’t bring him on a plane and subject 200 people to that. It’s rude and selfish." Cons: "Sat on the runway for over an hour to get the gate. Unacceptable." Pros: "We were not happy with our flight my flight got cancelled 3 times I miss work they need to reimburse us and also reimburses the hotel cuz we had to stay at a hotel because they cancelled our flight three times and then our flight that we went out on Monday was late because of a flight attendant arriving late to the hotel to the airport" Pros: "Flight attendant Susan was wonderful. Very friendly, professional, and helpful." Pros: "Boarding was easy and the flight was comfortable." Cons: "The upcharges for carry on and a “seat fee”. My flight costed $100 extra!" Cons: "We were directed to one baggage claim area and after 15 min of waiting, found that all our flights' bags were on another carousell. No one told us." Cons: "Use to love this airline now I only take it when I need to since we are now charged for every little thing, carry on, online check in, pick your seat, you don’t even get a little snack of pretzels anymore, only get to buy a snack for 5x more than what they actually cost. No thanks. Never again." Cons: "Late departure by 1 hour. Then had to wait 55 minutes at the luggage pick up in SFO" Cons: "We were fully boarded and then were delayed 1 hour without any explanation. They also had poor in flight service and very uncomfortable seats. No leg room at all and if the person put their seat back the 5 degrees it could move, there was no way to be comfortable because the seat in front presses against my knees." Cons: "Cramped seating. I didn't get a seat, for reasons I didn't understand, until right before boarding. On takeoff there was a loud rumbling sound that sounded like a malfunctio, which was scary. The crew was fine, however." Pros: "The flight was mostly booked but had a few empty seats. The flight attendants were great. Plane was on time and pulled away on time, arrived early." Cons: "Nothing to not like." Cons: "volume on recorded announcement was too high but overall, an excellent experience!" Pros: "Friendly and professional crew. Older planes but everything worked fine and we had excellent leg room. Great value" Cons: "No real complaints. I think it's an excellent value." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 Book cheap flights from Boston to San Francisco Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Boston to San Francisco found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/2Fri nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 58mBOS-SFO $82 Search 1/15Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 6h 50mBOS-SFO $89 Search 1/31Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 11h 40mBOS-SFO $90 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 9h 10mBOS-SFO $92 Search 3/16Sat 1 stopJetBlue 10h 57mBOS-SFO $122 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopDelta 10h 13mBOS-SFO $132 Search 12/7Thu nonstopJetBlue 6h 37mBOS-SFO $159 Search 12/16Sat 1 stopSun Country Air 8h 30mBOS-SFO $213 Search 12/16Sat 1 stopSun Country Air 8h 30mBOS-SFO $218 Search 2/16Fri nonstopDelta 7h 16mBOS-SFO $229 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAlaska AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesJetBlueDeltaSun Country Air Search by price$90 or less$90 or less$130 or less$210 or less$230 or less Last minute flights from Boston to San Francisco Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Boston to San Francisco that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stop 17h 27mBOS-SFO 12/6Wed multi-stop 29h 27mSFO-BOS $282 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 28h 47mBOS-SFO 12/10Sun multi-stop 29h 27mSFO-BOS $304 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 7h 03mBOS-SFO 12/10Sun nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 40mSFO-BOS $366 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 6h 48mBOS-SFO 12/10Sun multi-stopJetBlue 10h 11mSFO-BOS $376 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 40mBOS-SFO 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 37mSFO-BOS $385 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAlaska Airlines 7h 03mBOS-SFO 1/9Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 44mSFO-BOS $406 Search 12/1Fri nonstopJetBlue 6h 48mBOS-SFO 1/9Tue multi-stopJetBlue 10h 41mSFO-BOS $416 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 7h 02mBOS-SFO 1/8Mon multi-stopDelta 8h 05mSFO-BOS $446 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 7h 00mBOS-SFO 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 7h 57mSFO-BOS $472 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 19mBOS-SFO 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 37mSFO-BOS $506 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAlaska AirlinesJetBlueUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$300 or less$380 or less$410 or less$450 or less$510 or less Boston - San Francisco Flights Departure: Boston (BOS)United States Destination: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: San Francisco - Boston Cabin classes: $982 First Class flights to San Francisco $1,104 Business Class flights to San Francisco $570 Prem Econ Class flights to San Francisco $159 Economy Class flights to San Francisco Browse origins: Flights » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $164Flights from Boston to San Francisco Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » San Francisco $164Flights to San Francisco, San Francisco Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Fort Myers Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search San Francisco flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to San Francisco from Boston. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to San Francisco from Boston. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.