Cheap Flights from Las Vegas to Manila from $428 | (LAS - MNL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAS - MNL Find cheap flights from Las Vegas to Manila from $428 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/26. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Manila These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Las Vegas to Manila. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Las Vegas to Manila. How much is the cheapest flight from Las Vegas to Manila?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Las Vegas to Manila that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:50 pm - 3:55 pmLAS-MNL 52h 05m2 stops 10:35 am - 6:28 pmMNL-LAS 46h 53m2 stops $958China Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 20 - Tue, Apr 16 7:00 am - 9:40 amLAS-MNL 35h 40m2 stops 4:45 pm - 12:11 pmMNL-LAS 34h 26m2 stops $961 Find Deal Wed, Mar 20 - Thu, Apr 18 7:49 pm - 3:45 pmLAS-MNL 28h 56m2 stops 4:45 pm - 6:28 pmMNL-LAS 40h 43m2 stops $967China Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 2 - Tue, Apr 16 7:30 pm - 9:35 amLAS-MNL 23h 05m2 stops 4:45 pm - 6:28 pmMNL-LAS 40h 43m2 stops $980China Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 30 - Tue, May 7 6:30 pm - 9:40 amLAS-MNL 23h 10m2 stops 12:35 pm - 9:39 pmMNL-LAS 24h 04m2 stops $986Cathay Pacific Find Deal Thu, Mar 7 - Sat, May 4 7:00 am - 10:50 pmLAS-MNL 24h 50m2 stops 6:45 pm - 9:30 amMNL-LAS 29h 45m2 stops $1,020EVA Air Find Deal Mon, Mar 18 - Wed, Jun 5 6:30 pm - 9:40 amLAS-MNL 23h 10m2 stops 8:15 pm - 9:39 pmMNL-LAS 40h 24m2 stops $1,022Cathay Pacific Find Deal Thu, Mar 7 - Fri, May 3 7:20 pm - 5:50 pmLAS-MNL 30h 30m2 stops 6:50 pm - 8:04 pmMNL-LAS 41h 14m2 stops $1,049EVA Air Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Tue, Feb 6 7:22 am - 7:00 pmLAS-MNL 19h 38m1 stop 11:25 am - 3:13 pmMNL-LAS 18h 48m1 stop $1,281Philippine Airlines Find Deal Sun, Feb 11 - Tue, May 7 7:00 am - 3:35 pmLAS-MNL 41h 35m2 stops 2:15 pm - 8:01 pmMNL-LAS 44h 46m3 stops $1,285Singapore Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 2 - Tue, Apr 16 Show more results Flights from Las Vegas to Manila - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Las Vegas to Manila to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Las Vegas to Manila? The average price of all flights from Las Vegas to Manila clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Las Vegas to Manila, you should consider leaving on a Wednesday and avoid Mondays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Las Vegas, you’ll find the best rates on Saturdays and the most expensive ones on Fridays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Las Vegas to Manila? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Las Vegas to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Las Vegas to Manila is April, where tickets cost $1,254 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,788 and $1,712 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Las Vegas to Manila? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Las Vegas to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Las Vegas to Manila, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 51 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Las Vegas to Manila? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Las Vegas to Manila were found on China Airlines ($958) and Cathay Pacific ($986). China Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $551. How long does a flight from Las Vegas to Manila take? This flight route requires at least one stop and takes a minimum of 17h 26m. Good to know Low season August High season May Cheapest flight $428 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 6% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 3% lower on average. Flight from Las Vegas to Manila When to book flights from Las Vegas to Manila Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Las Vegas to Manila based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Las Vegas to Manila Does Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) have a lounge? Yes, MNL offers several lounges for first-class and business-class travelers. However, it also provides certain lounges where economy class travelers can enter by paying at the door. MNL Airport has six lounges. Four are PAGS lounges available at the observation level at Terminal 1, Terminal 3, and Gate 7. Pacific Club Lounge also lies in the airside of Terminal 3, while Skyview Lounge is at Level 4 of Terminal 3 in the international departures area. They provide Wi-Fi, entertainment, snacks, beverages, and flight information. Which airlines provide flights from LAS to MNL? Several carriers provide flights from LAS to MNL. They include Alaska Airlines, Asiana Airlines, Philippine Airlines, Korean Air, ANA, and Alaska Airlines. Philippines Airlines provide one-stop flights with layovers in Las Vegas, while Korean Air stops at Incheon. Does MNL have an airport hotel? Yes. Manila Airport Hotel lies on-site and is accessible from NAIA Terminal 1. It offers spacious rooms that can accommodate up to two extra beds. Consider spending the night at the facility if you have late-night arrivals at MNL. In addition, you can also freshen up at the hotel after a long-haul flight. How do I get from MNL to the city center? MNL offers several ways of traveling to and from the airport. You can get on bus rides from the airport to the city center. Bus lines JEEP and P2P provide rides regularly to the city center. You can also take the train with lines LTR1 and PN MC, stopping at the airport. You can also get on taxi services or town cars for private transfers to the city center or your preferred destination. Do I need a passport to fly between Las Vegas and Manila? A passport is required to fly from Las Vegas to Manila. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Las Vegas to Manila? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Las Vegas to Manila? SkyTeam, oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Las Vegas and Manila, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Manila from Las Vegas? Incheon is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Las Vegas to Manila. Which is the best airline for flights from Las Vegas to Manila, Korean Air or Singapore Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Las Vegas to Manila are Korean Air and Singapore Airlines. With an average price for the route of $1,481 and an overall rating of 8.7, Korean Air is the most popular choice. Singapore Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,342 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Las Vegas to Manila? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Las Vegas to Manila. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Las Vegas to Manila? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Manila from Las Vegas is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Las Vegas to Manila? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Manila with an airline and back to Las Vegas with another airline. Booking your flights between Las Vegas and MNL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Las Vegas to Manila? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Manila from Las Vegas up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAS to Manila The Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS) is also called the Harry Reid International Airport. It has two passenger terminals. Terminal 1 houses domestic flights and the houses concourses A-D. Terminal 3 is the international terminal. An exterior sidewalk connects the terminals, but the airport provides a courtesy shuttle to get through the terminals. LAS offers several shopping malls and duty-free stalls at Terminal 2 that offer a variety of items. This lets you do your shopping within the airport before your flight. If you haven't got a souvenir to bring with you, you can find something suitable at the airport. Parents traveling with babies will find three nursing rooms at LAS. The nursing station is near Gate E-9 in Terminal 3, and near the children’s play area in Concourse D. One is available at the sky bridge connecting Concourse C with Gates A and B. They are lockable from the inside and can accommodate a baby, a parent, and a stroller. LAS offers numerous cash machines and currency exchange services if you need money. Wells Fargo provides ATMs at Terminal 1, Gates D-5, and Terminal 3. It also houses the Wells Fargo Bank in Terminal 1 before the security checkpoint. Currency exchange services are available at the baggage claim area near baggage carousel 7 in Terminal 1. When flying out of LAS, consider arriving about two hours before your scheduled flight time. Wait times vary depending on the day, time, and fright. However, if you arrive early, you reduce your chances of missing a flight. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Las Vegas to Manila See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Las Vegas to Manila. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Las Vegas to Manila? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Korean AirOverall score based on 5074 reviews 88boarding 88overall 86comfort 85entertainment 84food 90crew Airline reviews I was handled by some very rude CSA's in DFW. I was forced to check my carry-on as I was flying economy. You are now allowed only 10 kg total on all carry-on items. As my carry-on was 10 kg, and my backpack was 2 kg, I was made to check my luggage. I find this procedure unfair, as many other passengers in economy CLEARLY had more than 10 kgs. If KA insists this is their policy, then it should be enforced uniformly for everyone. TO INCLUDE Business and First Class. They are allowed 18 kg now. From my perspective....absolutely ridiculous. This was the first time in over 35 years I have been made to check my carry-on. I am EXTREMELY disappointed 😞Read more about Korean Air I was handled by some very rude CSA's in DFW. I was forced to check my carry-on as I was flying economy. You are now allowed only 10 kg total on all carry-on items. As my carry-on was 10 kg, and my backpack was 2 kg, I was made to check my luggage. I find this procedure unfair, as many other passengers in economy CLEARLY had more than 10 kgs. If KA insists this is their policy, then it should be enforced uniformly for everyone. TO INCLUDE Business and First Class. They are allowed 18 kg now. From my perspective....absolutely ridiculous. This was the first time in over 35 years I have been made to check my carry-on. I am EXTREMELY disappointed 😞 Pros: "Everything was great!" Cons: "Some announcements were only made in Korean. Would have been nice to have it in English for international flight." Pros: "For economy class it has been the best experience, mainly because seats were a little more roomy than other airlines I’ve flown with." Cons: "Entertainment was not so great, small selection of movies." Pros: "Preference given for those requiring extra help boarding" Cons: "Very narrow seats with very very limited leg room. I’m only 5’4” tall and had no leg room. My sister is 5’11” and had leg cramps from the 4.5 hour flight because of the lack of leg room. Probably time to replace this plane." Pros: "Same as the first flight. Korean flight attendants were very courteous and helpful. Foods ok. We couldn’t afford first or prestige class so we have to trade in our comfort in economy." Cons: "Flight wasn’t as long but if you add up the lay over time, it end up being long." Pros: "Nice bathhroom size" Cons: "I dont like the 2x seating in business, seats are not up to what they should be, i was glad it was a short flight" Pros: "Great service, plenty of leg room, exceptional staff. Toilets refreshed often. Will def fly again." Cons: "More detailed online infor for kids food. Australian fried rice varies greatly from korean!!! Potato crisp packets of chips would be a good snack option for kids instead of prawn crackers / brownies. Kids like plain stuff!" Pros: "Very clean and polite flight crew." Cons: "I wasn’t able to choose my seat at 24hr check in so I was stuck in the middle and getting out was awkward as I would have to wait for person in aisle seat to eat, wake up or get up themselves." Pros: "Comfortable flight with a nice crew. An overall good experience." Cons: "After arriving, the waiting time for receiving a VISA was quite long for people staying longer than the regular 3 months." Cons: "I would have given a 5 Stars for comfort if the cabin temperature is at least cooler not dry. Please please look into it." Pros: "Smooth boarding" Cons: "If they could serve a light snack would be good" Cons: "Rather long wait at business check-in, friendliness there ok, on board service slow with the champagne, old aircraft with old configuration of seats, nothing really bad, but it's not like this that you win an airline of the year award!" Cons: "The seat covers looked worn and dirty. Needs an upgrade." Pros: "Average flight" Cons: "Seats on this aircraft have very upright seats. Not very comfy" Pros: "Crew" Cons: "Short and sweet. Flight left on time and landed about 15 mins early. Crew was wonderful" Pros: "As a frequent flyer, I have found out that the few dollars i spend more on SQ is well worth it" Pros: "Basics are covered. TV screen is big but otherwise nothing special." Cons: "It is so annoying they want you to pay an extra $20 to pre book any seat. If you need the extra $20 that much, charge me in the original fare! Don't nickel and dime me. At check in they couldn't even get my child seated beside me although a change was made last minute at the gate. Every other airline I've flown recently was better. Sri Lankan and Emirates FAR better service." Pros: "I reallyiked th service from the crew" Cons: "I didn’t like the silk air mainly on my itinerary. It was an old flight with cloth on the back of the flights a bit torn. No entertainment in flight for silk air. That was a bad flight." Pros: "Again friendly and efficient staff and a smooth flight. Best features of Singapore Airlines." Cons: "The business class seats were smaller than I thought and not so comfortable as the 777. The seats are hard and ungiving and when you sleep on them you really feel it. Plus the flatbed lay out meant you were basically lying in a question mark position, not so goof for tall people like my husband. The food was good but uninteresting and I think for an overnight flight there should be more smaller,lighter, non spicy options offered rather that full dinners." Pros: "Friendly efficient staff. plane 777 business class seat comfortable, and flat bed, once you figured out how to operate it was also comfortable. Food was good but not excellent compared to previous flights." Cons: "Singapore Airlines business class lounge in Melbourne was less than impressive and the food was atrocious. Lounge in Singapore was large but still overcrowded. Amenities much better and the food was plentiful and interesting." Cons: "The food was terrible. Only one option and I didn't like it." Pros: "Was amazed because of the Hello Kitty theme in the plane , very friendly staff very worth trip" Cons: "Nothing everything went well" Pros: "nothing" Cons: "airport personells are rude and lazy. airline seats are very unconfortable. flight attendants not very a comodating to seniors like me" Pros: "Despite the short flight, they still served a delicious meal! Great movie and music selections. Would definitely fly them again." Cons: "The only thing that was not the greatest, I think was the ground crew in Manila. It took an unusually long time to get my luggage." Pros: "Pleasant friendly crew. Clean bathrooms." Cons: "Entertainment choices seem to be limited compared to the long haul international flight." Cons: "I didn’t like the last meal that they served. It’s fish fillet with tomato sauce and no other option." Pros: "Was quite nice for a two hour flight. They gave us a free meal again." Cons: "Nothing I didn't like." Pros: "I liked their services the most. All staff and crew were very courteous." Pros: "Got upgraded to their absolutely amazing first (laurel) class. Royal treatment with a smile." No problems upon arriving at Incheon and transferring to Manila. The plane was on time. However you cannot check flight status on the app for updates. Good could have been more palatable. Crew were amazingly. Pros: "Absolute epic flight in the midst of the COVID-19 crisis. Thank you all the crews. You’ve done amazing job!" Pros: "Nothing! I was upset the whole trip!" Cons: "They made me cancel my 6 month stay to a 30 day stay when I arrived at the airport, otherwise they would not allow me on the plane! They said I needed a vista for the length of stay which I always get when I am in Manila for the past 8-10 years that I have been going without any prior warning before I confirmed this booking! I was charged $500.00 to change the departure date! Outrageous!" Pros: "More or less the same entertainment selection, so I enjoyed the movies on this one as well." Cons: "The seats were awkward - my body curved inward on the seat." Pros: "Left almost on time arrived early. Baggage transfer was great. Cabin crew provided needed entry forms promptly. Great flight" Pros: "Excellent ethnic Korean food. Attendants were extremely polite and and professional." Cons: "Mass Boarding procedure was inefficient. Same Airline boarding out of Chicago had groups according to sets of row numbers, and was much more efficient. Should use in all cases." Pros: "The back part of the plane was mostly empty, so I moved to an empty row and was able rto stretch out and rest. The attendants were very nice and polite." Cons: "I wish there were more selections of meals." Pros: "Ground staff is helpful." Cons: "Flight from JFK to Korea was delayed for more than two hours. Missed all the succeeding connecting flights. Had to spend close to $300 in order to rebooked our Philippines domestic flights." Pros: "Seats reclined a bit more than other planes which was really nice." Cons: "I didnt get the right seat that i chose when I purchased the ticket" Pros: "A great flight with friendly staff, comfy seats, good food, and great inflight entertainment." Cons: "The international transfer process at Manila airport was the worst I’ve ever seen. They had about 20 people standing at a desk for about 90 minutes with no explanation as to what was going on. In that time, nobody was released to go to their gate, but they wouldn’t explain what was happening. There were about 10 airport staff standing there, mostly doing nothing. The process was inefficient, to say the least. There was no place to sit, no toilets, no order to any of it. In most international airports, after you deplane, you just walk to your next gate. There seemed to be no logical reason for that awful experience. It would have been much faster to go through customs and then go through security, walking directly to the gate." Cons: "in-flight food and beverage choices needs lot of improvement" Pros: "I like the food, the service, and the smooth flight (as always with Cathay). My Go-To Airline! Very practical too, without compromising quality." Cons: "Coach Seats... Seems to be getting smaller over time." Pros: "The crew were friendly, the entertainment on offer was broad and appealed to all passengers. The meal choices were very good, I requested the LFML options and all were good except for the light evening snack at the end of our second flight which was somewhat lacking in flavours and variety." Cons: "The seats in economy felt cramped on the Boeing 700-300ER, with not much room to recline. This impacted on ability to fully relax and rest on such a long journey. This improved on the Airbus 350 thankfully, which much more leg room." Cons: "short haul business class seat very uncomfortablev- flight delayed as usul" Cons: "2 hours delay as usual with cathay pacific - flight attendand constantly disturb you on the pr system - very limited choice of movies, mostly old and finally poor food as always with cx - the seat on the other hand is very comfortable and thankfully i forgot i flew with cx" Cons: "The check in counter service is terrible. Very unprofessional with terrible attitude. Can not pronounce the gate number clearly. After I clear up with him, he started gossiping with his colleague as it was my fault for not comprehending his English. How did Cathay Pacific become this way?" Pros: "seats that i selected was change when we enter the boarding gate without informing us" Pros: "Our flight was delayed 45 in Chicago due to ice on the wings. Then about 10 mins of holding to land. With a 90 min lay over, unboarding and reboarding was rushed......but Cathay and security did their best I feel, It was only a 90 min flight and I didn't eat or watch a movie." Cons: "Again, being 6-4, I struggle with comfort and after having no time to rest while switching planes, I was exhausted when I arrived in Manila." Cons: "Flight was suspended I was not notified before I went to the airport" Korean Air8.7 Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 Asiana Airlines8.2 Cathay Pacific8.0 Book cheap flights from Las Vegas to Manila Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Las Vegas to Manila found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/26Fri 3 stops 40h 40mLAS-MNL $428 Search 1/25Thu 3 stops 57h 09mLAS-MNL $430 Search 3/13Wed 2 stopsChina Airlines 42h 55mLAS-MNL $551 Search 2/7Wed 2 stopsChina Airlines 41h 55mLAS-MNL $576 Search 12/6Wed 2 stopsCathay Pacific 43h 25mLAS-MNL $594 Search 12/7Thu 2 stopsCathay Pacific 35h 00mLAS-MNL $643 Search 2/7Wed 1 stopUnited Airlines 26h 00mLAS-MNL $991 Search 1/24Wed 1 stopKorean Air 20h 10mLAS-MNL $1,055 Search 3/15Fri 1 stopKorean Air 21h 10mLAS-MNL $1,093 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 26h 00mLAS-MNL $1,166 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineChina AirlinesCathay PacificUnited AirlinesKorean Air Search by price$430 or less$580 or less$640 or less$1,060 or less$1,170 or less Last minute flights from Las Vegas to Manila Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Las Vegas to Manila that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stopCathay Pacific 29h 00mLAS-MNL 12/11Mon multi-stopCathay Pacific 22h 11mMNL-LAS $1,122 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 23h 45mLAS-MNL 12/5Tue multi-stopCathay Pacific 28h 32mMNL-LAS $1,170 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopEVA Air 32h 24mLAS-MNL 12/11Mon multi-stopEVA Air 31h 50mMNL-LAS $1,263 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopEVA Air 52h 25mLAS-MNL 1/28Sun multi-stopEVA Air 31h 19mMNL-LAS $1,492 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopKorean Air 30h 55mLAS-MNL 12/10Sun multi-stopKorean Air 30h 20mMNL-LAS $1,871 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopKorean Air 23h 35mLAS-MNL 12/12Tue multi-stopKorean Air 31h 55mMNL-LAS $1,877 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 42h 15mLAS-MNL 1/18Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 20h 54mMNL-LAS $1,913 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 22h 40mLAS-MNL 12/11Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 24h 39mMNL-LAS $2,250 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopSingapore Airlines 52h 00mLAS-MNL 1/30Tue multi-stopSingapore Airlines 50h 55mMNL-LAS $2,444 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopSingapore Airlines 48h 26mLAS-MNL 1/31Wed multi-stopSingapore Airlines 41h 00mMNL-LAS $2,449 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineCathay PacificEVA AirKorean AirUnited AirlinesSingapore Airlines Search by price$1,170 or less$1,490 or less$1,880 or less$2,250 or less$2,450 or less Las Vegas - Manila Flights Departure: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Destination: Manila (MNL)Philippines Return flight deals: Manila - Las Vegas Cabin classes: First Class flights to Manila Business Class flights to Manila Prem Econ Class flights to Manila Economy Class flights to Manila Browse origins: Flights » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $912Flights from Las Vegas to Manila Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Philippines » Manila $912Flights to Manila, Manila Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Burbank Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Manila flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Manila from Las Vegas. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Manila from Las Vegas. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.