Cheap Flights from Lisbon to Barcelona from $25 | (LIS - BCN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LIS - BCN Find cheap flights from Lisbon to Barcelona from $25 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/5. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Barcelona These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Lisbon to Barcelona, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Lisbon to Barcelona, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:10 pm - 1:10 amLIS-BCN 2h 00mnonstop 7:20 am - 8:25 amBCN-LIS 2h 05mnonstop $38Vueling Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Sun, Feb 4 10:10 pm - 1:10 amLIS-BCN 2h 00mnonstop 7:20 am - 8:25 amBCN-LIS 2h 05mnonstop $40Vueling Find Deal Thu, Feb 8 - Sun, Feb 11 1:40 pm - 4:30 pmLIS-BCN 1h 50mnonstop 8:10 pm - 9:15 pmBCN-LIS 2h 05mnonstop $41Ryanair Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Wed, Jan 3 6:25 am - 9:20 amLIS-BCN 1h 55mnonstop 10:10 am - 11:10 amBCN-LIS 2h 00mnonstop $45easyJet Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Thu, Dec 14 11:25 am - 2:20 pmLIS-BCN 1h 55mnonstop 9:50 pm - 10:55 pmBCN-LIS 2h 05mnonstop $49easyJet Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sat, Dec 16 9:30 pm - 1:25 pmLIS-BCN 14h 55m1 stop 8:10 pm - 9:15 pmBCN-LIS 2h 05mnonstop $58Ryanair Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Wed, Jan 3 4:30 pm - 7:20 pmLIS-BCN 1h 50mnonstop 10:40 pm - 11:45 pmBCN-LIS 2h 05mnonstop $93TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Wed, May 8 - Wed, May 8 10:40 pm - 1:30 amLIS-BCN 1h 50mnonstop 10:40 pm - 11:45 pmBCN-LIS 2h 05mnonstop $104TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Fri, May 3 - Thu, May 9 8:40 pm - 8:00 amLIS-BCN 10h 20m1 stop 6:55 pm - 7:40 amBCN-LIS 13h 45m1 stop $119Iberia Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Fri, Dec 15 6:30 am - 12:50 pmLIS-BCN 5h 20m1 stop 6:05 pm - 11:10 pmBCN-LIS 6h 05m1 stop $121Iberia Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Sun, Feb 11 Show more results Flights from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat Airport is January, where tickets cost $60 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are August and June, where the average cost of tickets is $147 and $146 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 50 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Lisbon to Barcelona? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Lisbon to Barcelona found on KAYAK was with easyJet for $25. Vueling proposed a round-trip connection from $38 and Ryanair from $41. Which airlines fly non-stop between Lisbon and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat Airport. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat Airport. They are: Ryanair, TAP AIR PORTUGAL, Vueling and easyJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Ryanair at $21 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Ryanair. How many flights are there between Lisbon and Barcelona-El Prat Airport per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 7 nonstop flights that take off from Lisbon and land in Barcelona-El Prat Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 54m. The most common departure time is 5:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 32 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 22% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Lisbon and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Lisbon to Barcelona take? Direct flights take on average 1h 50m to travel the 618 miles between Lisbon and Barcelona. What’s the earliest departure time from Lisbon to Barcelona? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Lisbon at 6:05 am and will be landing in Barcelona-El Prat Airport at 9:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from Lisbon to Barcelona? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat Airport jets off at 10:10 pm and lands at 1:10 am. Good to know Low season October High season March Cheapest flight $25 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 5% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 32% lower on average. Flight from Lisbon to Barcelona When to book flights from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Lisbon to Barcelona flights Where can I sleep at Josep Tarradellas Barcelona-El Prat Airport (BCN)? Sleep & Fly Barcelona is an establishment in terminal 1 that provides sleep rooms you can book by the hour or the day. They have nine rooms and one suite. The rooms feature a double bed, TV, slippers, robes, free Wi-Fi, a private bathroom, and a telephone. The establishment is on the first floor of terminal 1 near the business center. Can I rent a car from Josep Tarradellas Barcelona–El Prat Airport in Barcelona? To move around swiftly and comfortably to various parts of the city, consider renting a car from one of the car rental agencies in the airport. You'll be served by Hertz, Enterprise, Alamo, Avis, Budget, or National, all located at Terminal 1 and Terminal 2. Does Josep Tarradellas Barcelona-El Prat Airport offer family services? For those traveling with children through BCN, take advantage of the security lanes designated for you. You’ll find the security lanes for families in terminal 1, floor 3, north and south, and terminal 2, floor 1. Moving around the airport with kids is easy, thanks to the BCN carts that include child seats. Request for these child-friendly carts at the Sky center in terminal 1 and boarding area S in terminal 2. The airport also has play areas for older kids around P1 and P3 in terminal 1 and gate Y in terminal 2. Which nearby cities can I get to from Josep Tarradellas Barcelona–El Prat Airport? Besides BCN being the arrival point of Barcelona, it can also be the departure point of the nearby cities surrounding Barcelona. For instance, you can visit Cadaqués, Girona, Begur, Tarragona, and Sitges. Does Josep Tarradellas Barcelona-El Prat Airport offer accessibility services? BCN is an accessible airport. The airport has provided ramps and elevators for passengers with limited mobility. Other facilities for PRM include accessible restrooms and fountains, wheelchair assistance, reserved parking spots, fast track services, dedicated seating, and pick-up/drop-off zones. Low-vision passengers are allowed guide dogs and will have braille signage to guide them. They can also request assistance at the meeting points. The hard of hearing will have signage, courtesy telephones, and closed captions on video announcements. Visual paging is also offered at BCN. Where can I park my car at Humberto Delgado Airport before flying to Barcelona? There are several parking lots where you can consider parking your car before flying to Barcelona. For instance, for long-term parking, you can park your car at P3, P5, and P6, each with different fees according to the level. You can use P1 and P2 for a short-term period. What are the transport options from Josep Tarradellas Barcelona-El Prat Airport? The train is the quickest means of transport from BCN. L9 Sud metro will connect you from BCN to several hubs in Barcelona, while Renfe provides high-speed trains to several regions around Barcelona and parts of Catalonia. The airport is also well-served by public buses, both to downtown and long-distance buses. There’s a bus stop at BCN terminals 1 and 2, and from there you can get to Barcelona and the Catalonia region. There’s a taxi stand opposite the terminal, Barcelona-Madrid Corridor, and terminals 2A and 2B. Avis, Enterprise, Europcar, SIXT, and Hertz have counters at BCN. Can I leave some luggage at Humberto Delgado Airport? Yes, you can leave it at one of the luggage storage lockers located at the P2 car park while flying from LIS. However, the luggage storage is for a maximum of 48 hours. When extended, you'll have to pay an additional fee before picking it up. Which is the best way to connect from the city center to Humberto Delgado Airport? Consider using the Metro network to connect from Lisbon city center to LIS airport. It would take about 20 minutes to at the airport via metro, which shall drop you at the Metro (subway) station at the Ground Transportation Area. Alternatively, you can use the town car, taxi, or car rental, which is more expensive than the metro. What are some of the exciting things to do at Josep Tarradellas Barcelona–El Prat Airport? Before getting to your final destination, consider shopping or window-shopping at some shopping malls located at Terminal 1, enjoy the ride from the limousine about 0.5 miles from the airport, and have enough fun at Synergo Escape Room located around 2 miles from the airport. Do I need a passport to fly between Lisbon and Barcelona? Yes Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Lisbon to Barcelona? Air France, KLM, Virgin Atlantic, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Lisbon to Barcelona flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Lisbon to Barcelona? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Lisbon to Barcelona flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Lisbon to Barcelona? Star Alliance, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Lisbon and Barcelona, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Lisbon to Barcelona? There are nonstop flights from Lisbon to Barcelona on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Lisbon to Barcelona, TAP AIR PORTUGAL or Iberia? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Lisbon to Barcelona are TAP AIR PORTUGAL and Iberia. With an average price for the route of $125 and an overall rating of 7.2, TAP AIR PORTUGAL is the most popular choice. Iberia is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $211 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Lisbon to Barcelona? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Lisbon to Barcelona. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Lisbon to Barcelona? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Barcelona from Lisbon is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Lisbon to Barcelona? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Barcelona with an airline and back to Lisbon with another airline. Booking your flights between Lisbon and BCN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Lisbon to Barcelona? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Barcelona from Lisbon up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LIS to Barcelona Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $52 or less one-way and $47 or less round-trip. Humberto Delgado Airport (LIS) has two terminals. Terminal 1 serves most major airlines, including TAP Air Portugal, while terminal 2 serves low-cost carriers like EasyJet. Consider using easyJet Airline to fly with your kids to Barcelona through Humberto Delgado Airport (LIS). You can book your seat in advance for some fee to ensure your seat together. The airline also allows pushchairs, travel cots, car seats, booster seats, and collapsible or non-collapsible prams for free. There are several non-stop flights from Lisbon to Barcelona, but if you’re on a one-stop flight, expect a layover in Madrid. Pet lovers are much considered in flights from Lisbon to Barcelona. Before you depart from LIS, consider taking your pet to Terminal 1, close to the Baggage Claim Area, where your cat or dog can relieve itself. Also, upon landing in Barcelona through Josep Tarradellas Barcelona–El Prat Airport (BCN), your pet can relieve itself parking lot close to the grassy area. Around 552 kg of carbon is emitted on flights from Lisbon to Barcelona. You can fly more sustainably with Iberia Airlines, which offers a flight that emits 66% less carbon per passenger. Breastfeeding mothers are much considered in flights from LIS to BCN. These airports feature nursing rooms where you can change and feed your baby before and after the flights. At LIS, these rooms are in Family Rooms next to gate 15 and Terminal 2 in the Non-Schengen area. In BCN, they're located at Terminal 1 on Floor 3 at Boarding Areas D and E. ANA Lounge and Blue Lounge are the two lounges available at LIS. You only need to pay at the door to access these lounges. ANA Lounge is in terminal 1 on the sixth floor, while Blue Lounge is in terminal 1 near gates 7-13. Santander has a full-service branch at LIS. It offers banking and currency exchange services in terminal 1 before security and is operational between 8:30 am and 3 pm. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Lisbon Humberto Delgado to Barcelona-El Prat? Find which airlines fly direct from Humberto Delgado to Barcelona-El Prat, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Lisbon Humberto Delgado to Barcelona-El Prat Search Flights Monday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Avianca, +13 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Tuesday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Avianca, +14 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +15 more 13 14 Wednesday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Avianca, +14 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +15 more 13 14 Thursday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Avianca, +13 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Avianca, +13 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Avianca, +13 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Avianca, +13 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Barcelona-El Prat to Lisbon Humberto Delgado Search Flights Monday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Avianca, +14 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +15 more 13 14 Tuesday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Air China, +14 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +15 more 13 14 Wednesday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Air China, +15 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Air China, +15 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Air China, +15 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Air China, +14 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +15 more 13 14 Sunday Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Air China, +13 more Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Lisbon to Barcelona. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 78comfort 86crew 82overall 77entertainment 82boarding 79food Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was super friendly and attentive. Best in flight service I have received in a long time." Cons: "The plane doesn't have usb ports to charge the phones, and as there are no screens or anything else, make sure you bring your battery pack."Read more about SWISS Pros: "The crew was super friendly and attentive. Best in flight service I have received in a long time." Cons: "The plane doesn't have usb ports to charge the phones, and as there are no screens or anything else, make sure you bring your battery pack." Cons: "Swiss perfect as always, Barcelona ground worker disaster, as always...." Pros: "Entertainment" Cons: "I requested a vegan vegetarian meal and did not get it. I had to do with the regular meal which had a lot of dairy products to which I am allergic to. The space between rows of seats. It was really crammed in Economy and we are a petite thin family!" Pros: "Wasn't awake, can't say" Cons: "Probably it would be nice to have a bit bigger screen with general information about the flight and local time" Cons: "Nada, I slept through this leg and the staff let me be." Cons: "Swiss Air from Athens to Zurich stellar—excellent service, seating, food—but left one hour late due to air traffic. Nearly missed connecting Edelweiss flight—and that flight was just terrible. Passengers behind me constantly kicking, pulling my seat—wouldn’t allow me to put seat in recline position." Pros: "It was a lovely easy flight, always lovely flying star alliance." Cons: "Such a quick flight, everything was appropriate for that. Unsure exactly what would make it better" Pros: "The boarding process was much easier and faster. No delayed flights." Cons: "I used the laboratory before takeoff as I was one of the first people on the plane and I forgot to go before I boarded. The hand soap container was empty and I had to tell one of the crew. Shouldn’t that have been taken care of before boarding passengers?" Pros: "Crew was lovely, patient with all us skiers returning from the slopes. The food was EXCELLENT- for airline food. And I was in economy." Cons: "The Entertainment tech was not smooth, had difficulty getting it to function and likely annoyed the person in front of me with all my tapping." Cons: "Seats and leg space were uncomfortable, staff could have been friendlier and more presentable (cleaner appearance)" 2 hours delay on the plane causing us to miss our connection Pros: "New plane, comfortable seats, cheerful and polite staff" Cons: "There were no overhead screens with the video clips about Greece and its food..." Pros: "Seat comfortable." Cons: "Wasn’t able to check in on line so I had to check in at the airport. I walked up yo the counter, the customer service lady was on the phone. I had to wait for her to get off. When she did she told me I could check on line. She gave me conflicting info." Pros: "N/A" Cons: "Boarded plane from front of plane back. I paid €18 extra for my seat and I was the last to board. My bag was taken from me because there wasn’t room and it was lost during my layover. Crew members were all scowling and not helpful." Pros: "I was seated next to my fiancé. We were separated on Blue air." Cons: "Check in was chaotic and unfair with people cutting in line and inefficient lengthy waits. The baggage policy was confusing and a pain to pay the extra cost because you had to go to another counter and wait in line yet again." Pros: "Pilot kept us well informed." Cons: "Flight attendants were rude and impatient with anyone not speaking greek." Cons: "Flight was late, we missed our connection, there was no information etc" Cons: "Boarding could have been handled a bit better. We were told our suitcases could not be carried on as they were too big, but we saw other passengers with luggage just as big but they got to carry it on. They didn't charge us for checking the bag which made the issue less irritating." Pros: "Flight crew and personnel at check in were excellent and professional." I been flying with Austrian for few years, they never failed me. Pros: "Very smooth boarding on both flights, a smooth transfer between flights, and comfortable seats (especially nice flexible headrest on longhaul flight). Very friendly and helpful crew." Cons: "Movies available weren't to my taste, which isn't important anyway." Pros: "I like the airline and the workers are great. I don't like when they charged for luggage that $60.00 each way like round trip is $120.00. It should be by weight is 50 lbs or 23 kilo for minimum and if it is over the weight than it should charged little more price." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The service with an awful crew !!! Just plain spiteful and arogant even if we flew in Business class" Cons: "The food was so cheap... pasta and a muffin. I’ll be looking around for another airline." Pros: "We could walk around as needed. No restrictions. Free wine with meals!" Cons: "Staff not friendly or offering of assistance." Cons: "small seats,no LCD for each one,food nor so good." Cons: "very rocky,, too confined for such a long flight.thank you for a good lesson not to go austrian again" Pros: "Very friendly and attentive flight crew, nice entertainment options, food good for airline food." Cons: "Never been more uncomfortable in a plane seat. I’m six feet tall and my knees hit the back of the seat in front of me. I would not fly this airline again for this reason." Pros: "Again as in previous flight very efficient professional and pleasant staff ." Cons: "Seat reservation system didn't work ,reserved one seat and got another.Food portions were smallish .No internet over the Atlantic .While the multimedia service was phenomenal I guess there could have been a larger variety and more episodes would have been good as well ." Shorter flight but no food or entertainment. Flight was packed and no room to store carry on baggage. Our trip was Lisbon-Frankfurt- Bangalore. When we reached Lisbon Check in there was not anybody at the Lufthansa counter. There was one and a half-hour delay before the aircraft left Frankfurt. The less said about the food the better. I had an Eco Saver ticket. Does it mean that beggars cannot be choosers' type of attitude to passengers is the order of the day? The flight was delayed and we were stranded at Dulles airport for 2 days (48 hours) as United Airlines cancelled the flights! Pros: "In general, everything was ok aboard the plane." Cons: "The plane was supposed to leave Lisbon at 5:00 a.m. but because of computer problem it left at 5:50, a delay that caused everyone to scramble to get to their connecting flight or even miss it." Pros: "The seat was good, and the crew was great." Cons: "Boarding at the gate, and not having to take the bus." Cons: "Traveled business class and the big perk was nobody in the middle seat. My seat was same size and uncomfortable as economy seats. The seating chart when I chose seats showed only 2 seats on each side. However there were 3 regular seats on each side, just like economy. Not a nice surprise." Pros: "Nothing really of note. The plane was pretty basic and unexxceptional, but that was expected for the price." Cons: "Giving economy seats with the middle seat empty does not make it business class. Very uncomfortable seats. No recline and very hard." Cons: "The flight was delayed several times and we were kept waiting at the gate without knowing when exactly we will leave." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Not making my connection due to plane delay, poor boarding processes, long Lufthansa lines, and slow customer service. Couldn't make my connecting flight or the flight after that because they were over booked. Then was sent to Brussels with a 4 hour layover, and missed my Saturday interview at 4 pm. Then the Brussels Airlines flight was delayed. Never again." Pros: "Amazing crew" Cons: "Food was ok. Seat was crowded. Everything else was excellent." Cons: "flight was delayed by 3 hours; very rude and indifferent ground staff, almost impossible to rebook; no information/help was provided; barely made our next flight" Cons: "Super uncomfortable seats (the most ever) No personal tv/entertainment." Pros: "Service and the price!" Cons: "Lots of things but I’m sure TAP it’s working on this!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They don’t even give glass of water in business class. Terrible attention." Cons: "They boarded the plane from both the back and the front at the same time with no direction as to which rows should go where. BIG cluster in the middle of the plane!!" Cons: "The plane was delayed 20 minutes, then another 20 minutes, then another 20 minutes, ended up leaving over an hour late" Pros: "The one glass of white wine I was served was delicious. Crew was friendly. Food was surprisingly elaborate for a short flight." Cons: "Boarding process a bit chaotic. The process started before they were ready to let us on the plane. My special meal was forgotten until after meal service. They skipped our row for beverage service and there was nothing served prior to the meal." Pros: "Self checkin, there was no line and things moved quickly." Cons: "Flight was almost an hour late because the boarding process was so slow. They took forever and then literally bussed us to the other side of the airport to the budget carrier side, which wasted more time. Was a bit of a joke really. Served seafood snack, not everyone eats seafood." Pros: "Nothing went wrong so it is good enough for me" SWISS8.0 Aegean Airlines7.8 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 TAP AIR PORTUGAL7.2 Book cheap flights from Lisbon to Barcelona Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Lisbon to Barcelona found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/5Tue nonstopeasyJet 1h 55mLIS-BCN $25 Search 3/13Wed nonstopeasyJet 1h 55mLIS-BCN $26 Search 12/12Tue nonstopVueling 2h 00mLIS-BCN $27 Search 1/23Tue nonstopVueling 2h 00mLIS-BCN $28 Search 2/25Sun nonstopeasyJet 1h 55mLIS-BCN $29 Search 3/12Tue nonstopRyanair 1h 50mLIS-BCN $31 Search 12/16Sat nonstopRyanair 1h 50mLIS-BCN $32 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopIberia 6h 50mLIS-BCN $61 Search 2/19Mon 1 stopIberia 4h 40mLIS-BCN $63 Search 4/27Sat nonstopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 1h 50mLIS-BCN $383 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineeasyJetVuelingRyanairIberiaTAP AIR PORTUGAL Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$30 or less$60 or less$380 or less Last minute flights from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Lisbon to Barcelona that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon nonstopRyanair 1h 50mLIS-BCN 12/9Sat nonstopRyanair 2h 05mBCN-LIS $55 Search 12/5Tue nonstopRyanair 1h 50mLIS-BCN 12/8Fri nonstopRyanair 2h 05mBCN-LIS $60 Search 12/5Tue nonstopeasyJet 1h 55mLIS-BCN 12/7Thu nonstopeasyJet 2h 05mBCN-LIS $84 Search 12/1Fri nonstopVueling 2h 00mLIS-BCN 1/4Thu nonstopVueling 2h 05mBCN-LIS $88 Search 12/1Fri multi-stop 12h 50mLIS-BCN 1/4Thu nonstop 2h 05mBCN-LIS $91 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopIberia 5h 20mLIS-BCN 12/6Wed multi-stopIberia 7h 15mBCN-LIS $110 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopIberia 12h 50mLIS-BCN 12/3Sun multi-stopIberia 9h 35mBCN-LIS $119 Search 12/1Fri nonstop 2h 00mLIS-BCN 12/4Mon multi-stop 4h 10mBCN-LIS $129 Search 12/1Fri nonstopVueling 2h 00mLIS-BCN 12/3Sun nonstopVueling 2h 05mBCN-LIS $175 Search 12/3Sun nonstopeasyJet 1h 55mLIS-BCN 12/3Sun nonstopeasyJet 2h 05mBCN-LIS $242 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineRyanaireasyJetVuelingIberia Search by price$60 or less$90 or less$110 or less$130 or less$240 or less Lisbon - Barcelona Flights Departure: Lisbon (LIS)Portugal Destination: Barcelona (BCN)Spain Return flight deals: Barcelona - Lisbon Cabin classes: First Class flights to Barcelona Business Class flights to Barcelona Prem Econ Class flights to Barcelona $22 Economy Class flights to Barcelona Browse origins: Flights » Lisbon $52Flights from Lisbon to Barcelona-El Prat Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Barcelona-El Prat $52Flights to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, Barcelona Compare transportation modes for Lisbon to Barcelona Average price Average duration Flights $89 1h 50m Buses $37 16h 15m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Barcelona flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Barcelona from Lisbon. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Barcelona from Lisbon. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.