Cheap Flights from Houston G. Bush Airport to Mumbai from $425 | (IAH - BOM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW IAH - BOM Find cheap flights from Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai from $425 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 5/3. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Mumbai These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Houston to Mumbai. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Houston to Mumbai. How much is the cheapest flight from Houston to Mumbai?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Houston to Mumbai that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:40 pm - 2:30 amIAH-BOM 21h 20m1 stop 9:50 pm - 3:35 pmBOM-IAH 29h 15m1 stop $801Qatar Airways Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Sun, Feb 25 5:40 pm - 2:00 amIAH-BOM 20h 50m1 stop 9:50 pm - 3:35 pmBOM-IAH 29h 15m1 stop $809Qatar Airways Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Sun, Feb 11 9:15 pm - 5:10 amIAH-BOM 20h 25m1 stop 6:50 am - 8:20 pmBOM-IAH 24h 00m1 stop $811Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Mon, Mar 25 9:15 pm - 5:10 amIAH-BOM 20h 25m1 stop 6:50 am - 7:20 pmBOM-IAH 24h 00m1 stop $879Turkish Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 28 - Fri, Feb 23 7:10 pm - 8:25 amIAH-BOM 25h 45m1 stop 10:00 pm - 4:20 pmBOM-IAH 29h 50m1 stop $914Emirates Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Wed, Feb 14 7:10 pm - 1:55 pmIAH-BOM 31h 15m1 stop 3:30 pm - 4:20 pmBOM-IAH 36h 20m1 stop $953Emirates Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Feb 15 5:40 pm - 7:55 amIAH-BOM 26h 45m1 stop 6:50 pm - 3:35 pmBOM-IAH 32h 15m2 stops $954 Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Tue, Feb 6 5:40 pm - 8:35 amIAH-BOM 27h 25m2 stops 4:20 am - 3:35 pmBOM-IAH 22h 45m1 stop $961 Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Mon, Feb 12 4:30 pm - 1:00 amIAH-BOM 21h 00m1 stop 1:35 am - 2:30 pmBOM-IAH 24h 25m2 stops $1,025Lufthansa Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Sat, Feb 3 4:30 pm - 1:00 amIAH-BOM 21h 00m1 stop 2:55 am - 2:30 pmBOM-IAH 23h 05m1 stop $1,034Lufthansa Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Mon, Feb 5 Show more results Flights from Houston to Mumbai - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Houston to Mumbai to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Mumbai? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Mumbai, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Mumbai is October, where tickets cost $954 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,895 and $1,642 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Mumbai? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Mumbai, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Mumbai, you should book around 1 day before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 37 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai were found on Qatar Airways ($801) and Turkish Airlines ($811). Qatar Airways proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $544. How long does a flight from Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai take? There are no direct flights for this route listed on KAYAK. The shortest multi-flight duration is 20h 25m. Good to know Low season April High season December Cheapest flight $425 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 13% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 51% increase in price. Flight from Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai When to book flights from Houston to Mumbai Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Houston to Mumbai based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai flights Where are the car rental facilities at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM)? Once you have landed at BOM and need a car rental for your trip across Mumbai and surrounding areas, proceed to Terminal 2’s arrivals. You will find car rental counters for major suppliers like Hertz, Avis, Budget, and Europcar there. Be sure to check with your provider before the trip to ensure the rental car you desire is available. Does the airport in Mumbai provide adapted amenities for disabled passengers? Yes. BOM has invested in creating an inclusive and accessible travel experience for differently abled travelers. In addition to providing wheelchairs at the check-in counters of each terminal, the airport features easily accessible lounges, toilets, lifts, and parking lots. Make sure that your airline knows your specific needs prior to your flight from Houston George Bush Airport (IAH). What are the eco-friendliest airlines flying from Houston to Mumbai? On average, 14,610 lbs. of carbon are released on flights from IAH to BOM, with single-layover flights being more sustainable than double-stop flights. Eco-savvy travelers should consider making flight reservations with British Airways, American Airlines, and Air Canada as they are the eco-friendliest carriers on this route, releasing 34%, 32%, and 31% less carbon, respectively. Where can I lounge at the Mumbai Airport? For passengers who want to escape the noise in BOM terminals, consider retreating to the airport’s lounges. These include Avisery Lounge on Gate A’s arrivals level, Loyalty Lounge and Travel Club in airside Terminal 2, and Oasis Lounge on Terminal 1’s upper level. In addition to a calm and tranquil space, the lounges provide complimentary meals and drinks. Does the airport in Houston provide any facilities for travelers with pets? Passengers bringing their pets to IAH will appreciate that the airline hub is pet-friendly. You will find pet-relief spots in Terminal 1 adjacent to Gate A12, Terminal B’s Gate B1, opposite Gate C2 in Terminal C, and opposite Gate D6 in Terminal D. Be sure to consult with your airline on their pet policies before booking your ticket. What is there to do at Houston George Bush Airport (IAH)? Art enthusiasts departing from IAH can explore the Texas-based art exhibits in IAH as they await their flights. These include “Alcove” by Charles Wiese and “8-6-88, Dallas, TX” by Ann Stautberg, on the mezzanine level of Terminal D. The airline hub also hosts concerts near Terminal D’s Gate D8 and at the North Atrium in Terminal A. Can I fly nonstop from Houston’s George Bush Airport to Chhatrapati Shivaji Airport in Mumbai? Unfortunately, there are no nonstop flights from George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH) to Chhatrapati Shivaji Airport (BOM), but several airlines offer flights with only one stop between the cities. Airlines that offer one-stop flights include Lufthansa, United Airlines, Emirates, British Airways and Qatar Airways. You can also select from several two-stop flights that complete the journey in under 24h. These two-stop flights are often priced about the same or even a little less than the single-stop flights. What facilities are available at George Bush Airport for international travelers with young children? Mothers’ rooms that offer private areas for nursing are available in Terminal D near Gates D8 and D9 and in Terminal E near Gate E11. Terminal D also has a nursery area with a crib, rocking chair and private restroom (near Gates D8 and D9). What are my parking options at George Bush Airport? Covered parking garages are located outside of Terminals A, B and C (the garages for Terminals D and E are no longer operational), with daily rates starting around $15. There are two EcoPark lots, with daily rates starting at around $5.54 for uncovered spaces and $6.47 for covered spaces. Shuttle buses travel between the EcoPark lots and each terminal. The Parking Plus program allows participating frequent parkers at George Bush Airport to receive frequent flier miles for every 24h of parking charges. Are there any hotels at Chhatrapati Shivaji Airport? The Niranta Airport Transit Hotel has two locations within Terminal 2 of the Mumbai airport: one is located on Level 1 in the Arrivals hall and the other is on Level 2 at the International Departures Hall. Both hotels operate 24/7 and offer traditional overnight bookings as well as hourly bookings for visitors who just need to shower, nap and relax after a long flight. Do I need a passport to fly between Houston George Bush Airport and Mumbai? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai? When flying out of Houston George Bush Airport you will be using Houston George Bush Intcntl. You will be landing at Mumbai, also known as Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Houston George Bush Airport and Mumbai, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Mumbai from Houston George Bush Airport? Doha is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai. Which is the best airline for flights from Houston to Mumbai, Emirates or Qatar Airways? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Houston to Mumbai are Emirates and Qatar Airways. With an average price for the route of $1,318 and an overall rating of 8.3, Emirates is the most popular choice. Qatar Airways is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,110 and an overall rating of 8.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Mumbai from Houston George Bush Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Mumbai with an airline and back to Houston George Bush Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Houston George Bush Airport and BOM can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Houston George Bush Airport to Mumbai? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Mumbai from Houston George Bush Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from IAH to Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM) serves as the main base for Air India. Therefore, consider booking your Houston-to-Mumbai flight with Air India so that connecting to other cities like New Delhi and Sharjah is easy. For families with kids, BOM has set aside jungle-themed play areas on levels 3 and 4 in airside Terminal 2. The airport also has child care rooms in Terminal 2 near Gate 42 and opposite Gate 28 in Terminal 1. If you want to shop or explore BOM and need storage for your valuables, luggage-storage services are offered at the exits of the arrivals halls in Terminals 1 and 2. If you’re flying out of Houston (IAH) in the morning, staying at the airport can make your commute less stressful. The Houston Airport Marriott is located between Terminals B and C and is connected to the terminals by the free airport subway as well as a pedestrian tunnel. George Bush Airport has five passenger terminals, Terminals A – E. Most international flights depart from Terminals D and E. There are two free, automated people-mover trains that connect the terminals at George Bush Airport. The subway is the underground system that stops in the public areas (pre-security) of the terminals as well as the airport’s Marriott hotel. The Skyway elevated train is only available to passengers who have gone through the security checkpoints; this train only stops at the terminals. The #102 METRO buses travel from the METRO station in downtown Houston to the George Bush Airport’s METRO Bus Stop at Terminal C (south side on the Baggage Claim Level). This service costs about $1.25 (exact change is required) and completes the journey in about 50-90min. The two passenger terminals at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM) are Terminal 1 (also called the Santacruz Airport) and Terminal 2 (known as either T2 or Sahar Airport). International flights arrive at T2, which is the newer and larger terminal. The railway station closest to Chhatrapati Shivaji Airport (BOM) is the Mumbai Suburban Railway’s Andheri Station, which is about 3.7 miles from T2. A pedestrian skywalk connects Andheri Station to the nearby metro station, and there is a hub for buses outside. Passengers can ride the local BEST buses, take a taxi, or walk to the station from the airport. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Houston to Mumbai See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Houston to Mumbai. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Houston to Mumbai? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.5 EVA AirOverall score based on 6330 reviews 84comfort 82food 88crew 87boarding 83entertainment 86overall Airline reviews The crew were all great, the flight went very well I am very pleased with the whole experienceRead more about EVA Air The crew were all great, the flight went very well I am very pleased with the whole experience Flight crew was the best. First time on Eva airways and we will be a repeat customer. Service was efficient and food was very good. Empty seats allowed us to stretch and sleep. Pros: "The price was right. We arrived on time." Cons: "On a 17 hour flight, people need water, and getting that from the flight crew wasn't easy. They were rushed, unpleasant, and the food was worse than I've seen on a plane in years. The entertainment system too, was very old and lacking compared to newer systems." Pros: "Because of a long flight, Eva should provide more food in between" Cons: "Satisfaction" Pros: "Crew was excellent" Cons: "As with all airlines, seats were cramped and not enough leg room when traveling Economy" Pros: "The crew was amazing and the seat was comfortable. Mostly, I liked the food." Pros: "Seat was very comfortable. Good selection of movies." Cons: "Headset was very uncomfortable and unable to use personal earphones." Cons: "Cleaning the restroom area more often for international flighywiuld be great" Pros: "I fly Eva at least once a year. Find flights in Asia delayed often but reasonable handled by the airline." Cons: "Website and app are a joke. Quirky at best. Hard to figure out if it works. Bothers me a big airline cannot have a decent website." Pros: "Friendly and helpful flight attendants" Cons: "The airlines limits carry-on luggages and reinforce it to the extend that it annoys many passengers. Make the rules very clear to the people before we arrive. People abuse the wheelchair policies although they are physically fine." Pros: "Crew looked stressed and rushing things. Didn’t look very friendly." Cons: "Smiling crew" Pros: "Crew was amazing. Flight was on time. Seats were good per economy class" Cons: "Food could have been better" Cons: "They ran out of non-vegetarian meals, which is not acceptable. The seats were rather narrow" Pros: "New york dubai seats were very comfortable. Dubai mumbai were okk. Crew was very pleasing" Pros: "Today amazingly the service was too good, the hostesses were coming forward and asking if we needed something and making the journey comfortable." Cons: "Was nicr" Pros: "I had the whole row. Food pretty good for economy. Good movies" Pros: "Good aircraft. A 380" Cons: "People carried a lot of hand luggage and the overhead bins were crammed" Pros: "For a 15 hour flight the crew made it comfortable" Cons: "The restrooms were non functional by the end of the flight" Pros: "Punctual on Time. Clean Cabin. Nice Crew" Cons: "They should be little flexible in timing for serving Dinner, as it happened, they served Dinner as soon as the Seat belt sign was switched off, at that time it was 4 pm local time. Since we were not ready for Dinner we suggested to bring it after an hour, which they declined stating that once they take back the trays it can not be served again." Pros: "Flights on time /comfy seats and crew" Cons: "One particular airhostess was little rude ..too much wait time in Dubai" The Crew was Very Nice but the food was Very Disappointing - the seats were Very Uncomfortable We were stranded in bus for 10 min waiting for baording..Specially when you are traveling with kids and long previous flight. Flight has no information regarding time to destination. Wish to have screen for international travels. The screen was not clean.It had stains of previous customer .Also the toilets..My daughter got urine infection. Not happy with the cleanliness of aircraft.Also requested multiple time hot beverages but not served at all sighting disturbances. Request on behalf of every passenger please sanitize and clean as we stay for 15 plus hours.. Cons: "Poor Flight and worst food and bad staff from Doha Airport. Worst food in qatar flight" Pros: "It was like flying in a Four Seasons but better." Cons: "Boring movie selections. 80% Marvel films." Pros: "The crew is always very professional." Cons: "The inflight entertainment was down for 2/3 of the people flying. And it was a 14 hour flight... :/" Pros: "The crew was amazing and delightful" Cons: "The crew was amazing and delightful but should provide food to kids first before even those special diet or vegetarians." Cons: "Houston airport qatar airways check in office has 4 counters and 2 were for people who electronically checked in and they were only a few and other 2 counters were for the huge line. Need more counters. Doha airport has majority of Indian national personell at check in and luggage checkins. They have to learn some manners and be polite with people. Rudeness is a turn off passengers who are tired" Cons: "The airline demaged both of my completely new suitcases. They both had TSA approved locks. One of the suitcses has a missing wheel, another one ripped zipper and missing lock and it was wraped in plastic. A few items were missing from that bag." Pros: "Comfort in long foight was amazing. Never felt tired. Upgraded movie collection. Food was great." Cons: "Carry on baggage allowance is way too low. Only 7kgs including laptop bag is too low for international travel. TV screens were a bit old enough and had to click multiple times." Not exceptional but all good. Business class seats are like the domestic Mint class on Jet Blue. Comfortable but not exceptional. Food is good but not superb. Flight attendants were better on India leg than Miami to Zurich. All India staff was more professional and service oriented. Very polite and service with a smile. Luggage did not make it to Miami still not today! Screen did not work for couple hours- got a bate of chocolate as a peaceful offering. Crew tentative, seats are getting smaller- isle seat arm rest foes not fold- problem getting other 2 passengers to go to the toilet without hitting themselves Pros: "Everything from the crew being super accomodating and friendly to the comfort and taste of the food was delicious." Pros: "Crew was top" Cons: "45 min delay , shame ..... always the same problem with Frankfurt airport..." Cons: "Entertainment system is dated. Screens froze often, were not very touch sensitive and the sound was pretty bad (on mine, would only provide sound to one ear, so I had to turn up other bc of poor quality and ended up w a headache.) Also, bathrooms were gross; ran out of paper and floors were "soiled"" Pros: "The AC was working well during the flight. Food was so much better than United and crew was very nice and helpful." Cons: "The seats in economy class are horrible, I had to get up every hour for a short stretch. The entertainment system remote control was very sticky, quite disgusting. Good think I carried some disinfecting wipes." Pros: "Very friendly and cooperative crew. Entertainment is well upated with latest media." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Seats very comfortable; real feather pillow! Everything was on time." Cons: "Breakfast consisted only of sweet items -- I didn't touch it." Cons: "It would have been better if I had made the flight, but the first leg was canceled. We were tortured for 6 hours before it was canceled." Pros: "Crew was lovely, patient with all us skiers returning from the slopes. The food was EXCELLENT- for airline food. And I was in economy." Cons: "The Entertainment tech was not smooth, had difficulty getting it to function and likely annoyed the person in front of me with all my tapping." Pros: "Outstanding and conscientious crew." Cons: "Seats continue to get more narrow and rows are moved closer and closer. However, the Turkish Air seats are among the most comfortable, relatively speaking." Pros: "The food" Cons: "My seat wasn't working properly and wasn't comfortable." Pros: "The flight was on time and the crew was professional. The food and entertainment was good." Cons: "It is too cramped in the toilets and seating area." Pros: "Nice plane , nice crew. Ok food , not as good as Sfo to Ist ." Cons: "We left delayed as it seemed they were waiting for someone. Older 777 wich shows wear." Cons: "Too warm, chaotic boarding, not enough baggage space, airline couldn’t upgrade me at the gate with miles." Cons: "Seat adjustments were not working on both seats in the Houston- Istanbul segment!!" Pros: "Service was great" Cons: "The seat was very tight and behind me was kid that make messy and noisy to much , and one of the women was smelling very bad" Cons: "My husband's passport expires in March of 2018, 4 months from travel dates and we weren't allowed to travel because it has to be 6 months. We booked our tickets in August of 2017, Turkish Airlines could've told us this. During booking, they ask for passport expiry date, what's the point if you're not going to tell us in advance and wait till our travel date to tell us this information. We couldn't travel on our vacation as planned and we were charged an additional $3,000 to change our tickets." Pros: "Overall the experience was good. Cabin crew helpful." Cons: "while going to US from Mumbai -Wheelchair service at Istanbul was found unsatisfactory. The attendanct was unfriendly adamant and rude. overall the wheel chair persons were neglected by the airlines (even at Boston ) but the cabin crew took care of all wheel chair persons." Pros: "The ground and flight crews were outstanding. Boarding was easy in Houston. I got to see the flight crew handle a medical emergency and saw that they were well prepared, efficient, and concerned. The food and entertainment were fine. I felt like the seat space was better than on British which I often use. I had an empty seat next to me however. I was impressed that the flight crew moved a taller gentleman to a premium (exit) seat to accommodate his extra tall stature. He didn't ask, but they wanted him to be comfortable." Cons: "The airport in Istanbul is pretty manageable. They changed the gate on us twice for the connection, which meant a bit of walking. But the crowd was pretty manageable compared to LHR." EVA Air8.5 Emirates8.3 Qatar Airways8.2 SWISS8.0 Turkish Airlines7.9 Book cheap flights from Houston to Mumbai Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Houston to Mumbai found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 5/3Fri 2 stops 31h 20mIAH-BOM $425 Search 1/22Mon 3 stops 43h 15mIAH-BOM $439 Search 2/28Wed 1 stopQatar Airways 20h 50mIAH-BOM $544 Search 1/24Wed 1 stopQatar Airways 21h 20mIAH-BOM $562 Search 5/10Fri 2 stopsDelta 27h 35mIAH-BOM $631 Search 5/5Sun 2 stopsDelta 27h 35mIAH-BOM $701 Search 12/24Sun 1 stopEmirates 25h 45mIAH-BOM $842 Search 12/28Thu 1 stopTurkish Airlines 20h 25mIAH-BOM $846 Search 12/26Tue 1 stopEmirates 19h 35mIAH-BOM $883 Search 12/23Sat 1 stopTurkish Airlines 20h 25mIAH-BOM $957 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineQatar AirwaysDeltaEmiratesTurkish Airlines Search by price$440 or less$560 or less$700 or less$850 or less$960 or less Last minute flights from Houston to Mumbai Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Houston to Mumbai that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopQatar Airways 20h 50mIAH-BOM 2/7Wed multi-stopQatar Airways 29h 15mBOM-IAH $1,122 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopQatar Airways 20h 50mIAH-BOM 5/6Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 21h 50mBOM-IAH $1,127 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopQatar Airways 20h 50mIAH-BOM 5/9Thu multi-stopQatar Airways 21h 50mBOM-IAH $1,161 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEmirates 21h 35mIAH-BOM 1/29Mon multi-stopEmirates 29h 50mBOM-IAH $1,284 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAir Canada 42h 50mIAH-BOM 12/7Thu multi-stopAir Canada 47h 32mBOM-IAH $1,397 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopEmirates 21h 35mIAH-BOM 1/31Wed multi-stopEmirates 32h 40mBOM-IAH $1,405 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 25h 29mIAH-BOM 1/29Mon multi-stopLufthansa 48h 35mBOM-IAH $1,488 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopTurkish Airlines 19h 55mIAH-BOM 12/14Thu multi-stopTurkish Airlines 24h 00mBOM-IAH $1,500 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAir Canada 44h 25mIAH-BOM 1/28Sun multi-stopAir Canada 47h 32mBOM-IAH $1,511 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopLufthansa 42h 50mIAH-BOM 2/14Wed multi-stopLufthansa 23h 05mBOM-IAH $1,544 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineQatar AirwaysEmiratesAir CanadaLufthansaTurkish Airlines Search by price$1,130 or less$1,280 or less$1,410 or less$1,500 or less$1,540 or less Houston George Bush Airport - Mumbai Flights Departure: Houston George Bush Airport (IAH)United States Destination: Mumbai (BOM)India Return flight deals: Mumbai - Houston George Bush Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Mumbai Business Class flights to Mumbai Prem Econ Class flights to Mumbai Economy Class flights to Mumbai Browse origins: Flights » United States » Texas » Houston » Houston George Bush Airport $801Flights from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Mumbai Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » Mumbai $801Flights to Mumbai, Mumbai Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Burbank Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Mumbai flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Mumbai from Houston George Bush Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Mumbai from Houston George Bush Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.