Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to Reykjavik-Keflavik from C$ 409 | (YYZ - KEF) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYZ - KEF Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport from C$ 409 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 11/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Reykjavik, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Reykjavik, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Pearson Intl to Keflavik Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pearson Intl to Keflavik Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:10 p.m. - 8:40 a.m.YYZ-KEF 5h 30mdirect 5:05 p.m. - 7:10 p.m.KEF-YYZ 6h 05mdirect C$ 352Icelandair Find Deal Sat, 13 Apr - Sun, 21 Apr 9:00 p.m. - 6:20 a.m.YYZ-KEF 5h 20mdirect 5:05 p.m. - 7:10 p.m.KEF-YYZ 6h 05mdirect C$ 354Icelandair Find Deal Tue, 16 Apr - Tue, 23 Apr 7:45 p.m. - 6:25 a.m.YYZ-KEF 5h 40mdirect 5:00 p.m. - 6:15 p.m.KEF-YYZ 6h 15mdirect C$ 355Icelandair Find Deal Tue, 9 Jan - Wed, 17 Jan 6:15 p.m. - 11:20 p.m.YYZ-KEF 25h 05m1 stop 12:10 a.m. - 1:20 p.m.KEF-YYZ 17h 10m1 stop C$ 598 Find Deal Wed, 10 Apr - Thu, 25 Apr 6:15 p.m. - 11:20 p.m.YYZ-KEF 25h 05m1 stop 12:10 a.m. - 1:20 p.m.KEF-YYZ 17h 10m1 stop C$ 600Austrian Airlines Find Deal Fri, 19 Apr - Thu, 25 Apr 6:20 p.m. - 11:20 p.m.YYZ-KEF 25h 00m1 stop 10:00 a.m. - 5:23 p.m.KEF-YYZ 11h 23m1 stop C$ 606 Find Deal Thu, 23 May - Sat, 1 Jun 9:45 p.m. - 11:20 p.m.YYZ-KEF 45h 35m2 stops 12:10 a.m. - 2:46 p.m.KEF-YYZ 42h 36m2 stops C$ 617Austrian Airlines Find Deal Tue, 16 Apr - Tue, 23 Apr 8:00 p.m. - 1:10 p.m.YYZ-KEF 36h 10m2 stops 2:25 p.m. - 1:40 p.m.KEF-YYZ 28h 15m2 stops C$ 618SWISS Find Deal Mon, 8 Jan - Wed, 17 Jan 6:20 p.m. - 11:20 p.m.YYZ-KEF 25h 00m1 stop 10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.KEF-YYZ 6h 00mdirect C$ 620Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 23 May - Sun, 2 Jun 5:30 p.m. - 8:30 a.m.YYZ-KEF 11h 00m1 stop 12:00 p.m. - 11:59 p.m.KEF-YYZ 15h 59m1 stop C$ 634Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 11 May - Wed, 15 May Show more results Flights from Pearson Intl to Keflavik Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pearson Intl to Keflavik Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport is November, where tickets cost C$ 471 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are April and May, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 791 and C$ 782 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 57 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Icelandair (C$ 516) and WestJet (C$ 730). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Icelandair (C$ 478) and Austrian Airlines (C$ 814). Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport. There is just one airline that flies from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport direct and that is Icelandair. The best one-way deal found from Icelandair for the route is C$ 633. How many flights are there between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and lands in Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 5h 40m. The most common departure time is 7:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 6 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport take? Direct flights take on average 5h 20m to travel the 6,706 km between Toronto Pearson Airport and Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 7:45 pm and will be landing in Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport at 6:25 am. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport jets off at 7:45 pm and lands at 6:25 am. Good to know Low season December High season August Cheapest flight C$ 409 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 27% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 0% lower on average. Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport When to book flights from Pearson Intl to Keflavik Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pearson Intl to Keflavik Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport flights Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport? KLM, Air Canada, Lufthansa, WestJet Encore, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Toronto Pearson Airport and Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport? There are direct flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to Reykjavik, Icelandair or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to Reykjavik are Icelandair and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 807 and an overall rating of 7.3, Icelandair is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 826 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to Reykjavik Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 546 or less one-way and C$ 787 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Pearson Intl to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Pearson Intl to Keflavik Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Pearson Intl to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Search flights Monday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Tuesday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Wednesday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Thursday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Friday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Saturday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Sunday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Reykjavik Keflavik Intl to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Tuesday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Wednesday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Thursday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Friday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Saturday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Sunday Icelandair,Turkish Airlines Icelandair,Turkish Airlines See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to Keflavik Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Reykjavik. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to Keflavik Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 79food 82overall 86crew 78comfort 77entertainment 82boarding Airline reviews Pros: "Amazing crew, great customer service and high level quality plane, despite only 1 hr travel, they served small breakfast and chocolate" Cons: "Despite the fact I bought my tickets with 1 hand luggage + 1 personal item, they forced me to dispatch my hand luggage stating flight was full, I refused and they said they could not allow me to board. Felt my rights violated, I HATE to dispatch luggage... and in the end there was space left on the airplane luggage storage areas. Not nice"Read more about SWISS Pros: "Amazing crew, great customer service and high level quality plane, despite only 1 hr travel, they served small breakfast and chocolate" Cons: "Despite the fact I bought my tickets with 1 hand luggage + 1 personal item, they forced me to dispatch my hand luggage stating flight was full, I refused and they said they could not allow me to board. Felt my rights violated, I HATE to dispatch luggage... and in the end there was space left on the airplane luggage storage areas. Not nice" Pros: "Superb crew; surprisingly delicious food (better than some first class meals I’ve had in the past)." Cons: "The seat was remarkably uncomfortable. I fly business or first class when traveling overseas (prefer business class) specifically to be able to rest - this was the most uncomfortable I’ve experienced in the last few years." Pros: "Everyone was friendly, pleasant and very helpful. Upon arrival in Delhi our suitcase handle was broken." Cons: "Boarding time needs to be longer. Also, too little time between connecting flights." Cons: "When I purchased the ticket I did not know that I have to pay for my bag. It would have been nice to know about this in advance" Pros: "Short flight, no entertainment. They still offer free snacks on short flights, a plus, but it was an almost frozen cheese sandwich. A Little bag of pretzels would be better. The crew was very friendly." Cons: "Boarding is confusing. Bad lines, unorganized, and people pushing. They should probably come up with a better system." Pros: "check in & boarding were ok" Cons: "very uncomfortable chairs worset food crew were very unfriendly the plan was full with the smell of vomiting" Pros: "Enjoyed the surprisingly good vegetarian hot meal, wine, and chocolate! (And silverware) Said to us they cared for passengers and the environment. A much better overall experience than with United!" Cons: "Plane did not have a place to switch to the other aisle without disturbing passengers or crew! You need to move a tad bit on such a long flight!" Pros: "On time, friendly and incredibly efficient. Runs just like trains, just at a higher elevation!" Cons: "For the home of Emmentaler I expected a bit more taste from the cheese sandwich." Pros: "787 is an excellent plane and I could sleep a little" Cons: "I was boarding at gate C4. Doesn't anyone get it ! Using the word "bomb" in airports is a big no-no however C4 is OK? Even a little old lady knows what C4 stands for." Pros: "non stop flight" Cons: "Crowded, small plane. No air after people had boarded while fuel was being replenished (dangerous?), sitting at gate for 20minutes. This, after a 2 hour delay. Then a rough landing in Minneapolis- plane brakes sharply and suddenly, shuddered to a taxi rate of speed. simple snacks, not very good." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Worse experience ever, flight delayed, lost connection, many hours in phone trying to fixed and anyway lost the flight, spent so many time at the airport with the front desk so disappointed" Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Cons: "Plane had to divert from Salt-Lake City due to a storm. My son 17 years old traveling alone once in Salt-Lake City should have been given priority for an overnight stay instead of sleeping on an airport bench! Dinner + Breakfast vouchers would also have been nice compared to the 15$ food voucher..." Pros: "crew was amazing" Cons: "there was water leaking from window during landing and the food was not hot and was just bland and uncooked" Pros: "The on board food was amazing, nothing like I’d ever had on a plane before. I was also pleased with the choices for entertainment." Cons: "The seat was not comfortable in economy. I could not sleep and there were no air vents. Every time I tried to rest my head on the seat in front of me the screen would turn on and get super hot. I wish there was a cover or something you could turn the screen completely off." Pros: "The flight attendants were amazing. 12 people had a connecting flight and they brought a shuttle bus. You dont see that kind of service any more 10 stars for that" Cons: "Super small plane." Pros: "The crew was very friendly and helpful. With the plane full they managed to serve all with smiles on their faces and solved all problems, including cabin luggage problem." Pros: "The overall experience on the flight was quite pleasing. The flight crew created a warm atmosphere on what was a very cold morning. Seating was not the most comfortable but the wasn't unbearable." Cons: "Delta should have a better food menu for those early flights unless the motive is to encourage everyone to eat an organic and wholesome meal prior to boarding, something we all should be doing." Pros: "I liked the touch screen displays in each headrest. Seats and leg room comfortable" Cons: "Boarding was somewhat unorganized" There were a number of passengers scheduled to transfer to the flight from Vienna to Warsaw. None of them made it because the crew failed to assist them in getting to the gate for the Warsaw bound flight in time. It could have been done very easily with proper assistance. Vienna airport is a zoo Agents directed me to the wrong gate and then the wrong line Lounge is so crowded no place to sit Not enough bathrooms anywhere On the flight they asked for medical attention While I attended to the problem they forgot my food when I got back They forgot to give me water at night Waited 1 hour for bags Agents didn’t know which Shute the bags were coming to so it was between 2 places I liked that the air staff is very good, but the ground staff still has lots of areas of opportunity. They raise their voices over the passenger questions or requests for information. Cons: "Nothing. The plane was clean, everything was on time, and everyone was polite and professional." Cons: "Airport in Vienna was pretty disorganized. Several people from several flights had to be pulled out for additional screening that should have been done earlier. Passengers were confused and frustrated" Pros: "The crew was great!" Cons: "I don't like the movie options. Some are quite sexual and can be seen around the plane." Pros: "It was all fine, a bit cramped, but otherwise fine" Cons: "I had only 40 minutes to board my connecting flight to Vienna, had to run through two sets of security gates and one immigration and a long walk - at 64, I almost didnt make it, and was the last one to board huffing and puffing!" Cons: "The crew kept the temperature in cabin at 26 or 28 degrees Celsius. Whole trip felt like being in the oven. I will NEVER EVER FLY AUSTRIAN AIRLINES AGAIN." Pros: "They DID NOT let me aboard the airline!!! Austerian airline is the worst EVER, because they are not even helping me to get a credit to fly Monday to Israel. The of ticket counter at ORD were treating me as a dirt. And unwelcome. I was trying to reason with them, they did NOT want to help." Cons: "It would have been better if back to back with priceline helped me out to get to another flight & they won’t even credit my ticket, so I LOST about $1200 & was excited for my vacation. They were unhelpful & they kept putting me untold & hanging up on me with their ticket agency on phone too." Pros: "Airline met us at the plane to transfer us to our next flight to Tel Aviv! Excellent service and great entertainment on the flight." Cons: "The food. It was okay." It never happened. How could you ask me to write a review of something you are not aware of never happened???? Bread stale. Croissant stale. Person behind me was kicking me throughout flight. Boarding slow. My flight was canceled And I am still waiting for a ticket to get back home. Really poor customer service. So many minor delays, very little communication, and what there was, we couldn't even hear in the first place. Pros: "I had a connection flight which would not be for another 11 hours so I left the airport to get some sleep coming back the same carry-on I have with me now cannot come with me they want me to pay 40euro. In the meantime the flight is 40% empty and plenty of over head and yes is the same size of plane I came in the first place. However the agent was nice after I explain my situation she not charges me." Cons: "Same airline coming from one place have different methods it’s a bit confusing." Cons: "Boarding was slow but they had increased number of wheelchair clients. Not their fault but was a known so the process could have been started earlier." Pros: "Service was good. Flight attendants were friendly" Cons: "The departure area at terminal 1 YYZ was crowded and not the most comfortable experience" Pros: "Crew excellent...seats small and not too comfortable for business class." Cons: "Not much legroom and no tv’s on a 10-hour flight" Pros: "everything from the boarding and check-in process to in flight comfort." Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good." Pros: "Excellent pre Boarding service and announcements; reasonably comfortable seats; great landing;" Cons: "There are never gluten free options in the snacks; there were no entertainment systems on the plane - that's not important to me but perhaps it is to others." Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable because of the head rest that is attached to the seat. However the staff and crew were friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better seats" Pros: "Newest 787 plane in the fleet. Really comfortable seats and terrific in-flight entertainment" Cons: "One of the crew members seemed really bother by everything. She was not smiling or even looking at customers when handing drinks over." Pros: "Efficient and fast boarding and getting things ready" Cons: "Seating is horrible. Not just the space but the cushion-or lack of" Pros: "Nice plane, comfortable" Cons: "We missed our runway and had to quickly ascend and retry. Disembarking the plane took 40 minutes due to the YYC skywalk being frozen. During this all communication with the passengers was minimal." Pros: "Staff is friendly." Cons: "We didn’t appreciate the walk from Gate 4 to Gate 41 TWICE when the departure gate was changed. We are in our 80’s and it was quite a trek!" Cons: "Missed my flight and i had to buy a new ticket to Saskatoon." Pros: "Downloaded WestJet app in Toronto while waiting to board the next flight. Enjoyed the selection of free movies and TV shows. Flight was on time." Cons: "The connecting flight to Halifax was a long haul at the end of B terminal. Same airline, just really far away! Maybe it has to be that way due to the international arrival, but it was stressful. Wear tennis shoes! Flight attendants were efficient but not as friendly as the Toronto folks. The advertised “power at every seat” did not work." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 WestJet7.7 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Reykjavik Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Reykjavik found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 11/12Mon 2 stops 40h 20mYYZ-KEF C$ 301 Search 5/1Fri 2 stops 53h 50mYYZ-KEF C$ 303 Search 9/1Tue 2 stops 38h 45mYYZ-KEF C$ 314 Search 19/1Fri directIcelandair 5h 40mYYZ-KEF C$ 380 Search 10/1Wed directIcelandair 5h 40mYYZ-KEF C$ 387 Search 20/5Mon 1 stopWestJet 11h 55mYYZ-KEF C$ 538 Search 30/4Tue 1 stopDelta 12h 35mYYZ-KEF C$ 858 Search 30/4Tue 1 stopDelta 12h 35mYYZ-KEF C$ 859 Search 30/4Tue 2 stopsAustrian Airlines 46h 50mYYZ-KEF C$ 862 Search 30/4Tue 2 stopsAustrian Airlines 46h 50mYYZ-KEF C$ 863 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineIcelandairWestJetDeltaAustrian Airlines Search by priceC$ 300 or lessC$ 380 or lessC$ 540 or lessC$ 860 or lessC$ 860 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to Keflavik Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Reykjavik that are departing in the next 10 days. 3/12Sun multi-stop 27h 40mYYZ-KEF 14/12Thu multi-stop 24h 28mKEF-YYZ C$ 634 Search 3/12Sun multi-stop 27h 40mYYZ-KEF 12/12Tue multi-stop 24h 08mKEF-YYZ C$ 653 Search 3/12Sun multi-stop 27h 40mYYZ-KEF 13/12Wed multi-stop 25h 35mKEF-YYZ C$ 662 Search 1/12Fri directIcelandair 5h 40mYYZ-KEF 5/12Tue directIcelandair 6h 15mKEF-YYZ C$ 798 Search 5/12Tue directIcelandair 5h 40mYYZ-KEF 12/12Tue directIcelandair 6h 15mKEF-YYZ C$ 945 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopLufthansa 33h 50mYYZ-KEF 5/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 28h 35mKEF-YYZ C$ 984 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopLufthansa 33h 50mYYZ-KEF 5/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 33h 45mKEF-YYZ C$ 985 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 11h 45mYYZ-KEF 10/12Sun multi-stopBritish Airways 13h 40mKEF-YYZ C$ 1,390 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 11h 45mYYZ-KEF 11/12Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 27h 13mKEF-YYZ C$ 1,412 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 22h 42mYYZ-KEF 12/12Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 26h 56mKEF-YYZ C$ 1,741 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineIcelandairLufthansaBritish AirwaysAmerican Airlines Search by priceC$ 650 or lessC$ 800 or lessC$ 980 or lessC$ 1,390 or lessC$ 1,740 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Destination: Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport (KEF)Iceland Return flight deals: Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Reykjavik C$ 1,486 Business Class flights to Reykjavik C$ 1,611 Prem Econ Class flights to Reykjavik C$ 630 Economy Class flights to Reykjavik Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 478Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Iceland » Reykjavik » Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport C$ 478Flights to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport, Reykjavik Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.