Cheap Flights from San Diego to Las Vegas from $26 | (SAN - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SAN - LAS Find cheap flights from San Diego to Las Vegas from $26 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Diego to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Diego to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from San Diego to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Diego to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 2:05 pm - 3:27 pmSAN-LAS 1h 22mnonstop 12:00 pm - 1:18 pmLAS-SAN 1h 18mnonstop $27Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Sat, Jan 27 8:06 pm - 9:31 pmSAN-LAS 1h 25mnonstop 10:27 am - 11:42 amLAS-SAN 1h 15mnonstop $31Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Mon, Feb 5 2:06 pm - 3:35 pmSAN-LAS 1h 29mnonstop 2:53 pm - 4:12 pmLAS-SAN 1h 19mnonstop $35Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Wed, Dec 20 7:35 pm - 9:03 pmSAN-LAS 1h 28mnonstop 1:06 pm - 2:29 pmLAS-SAN 1h 23mnonstop $38Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Fri, Dec 15 2:50 pm - 4:15 pmSAN-LAS 1h 25mnonstop 11:45 am - 1:08 pmLAS-SAN 1h 23mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Fri, Dec 15 5:25 pm - 6:52 pmSAN-LAS 1h 27mnonstop 3:14 pm - 4:33 pmLAS-SAN 1h 19mnonstop $42 Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Thu, Dec 21 5:46 pm - 7:11 pmSAN-LAS 1h 25mnonstop 7:32 pm - 8:43 pmLAS-SAN 1h 11mnonstop $43Frontier Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Sat, Jan 20 9:34 pm - 10:54 pmSAN-LAS 1h 20mnonstop 1:06 pm - 2:23 pmLAS-SAN 1h 17mnonstop $44 Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Mon, Jan 29 7:51 pm - 9:15 pmSAN-LAS 1h 24mnonstop 9:01 am - 10:14 amLAS-SAN 1h 13mnonstop $160Delta Find Deal Fri, Dec 22 - Tue, Jan 2 7:24 pm - 8:29 pmSAN-LAS 1h 05mnonstop 8:40 am - 9:45 amLAS-SAN 1h 05mnonstop $189Delta Find Deal Thu, Apr 25 - Sat, Apr 27 Show more results Flights from San Diego to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Diego to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Diego to Las Vegas? The average price of all flights from San Diego to Las Vegas clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For San Diego to Las Vegas, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Friday is the most expensive. Flying from Las Vegas back to San Diego, the best deals are generally found on Wednesday, with Monday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Diego to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Diego to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Diego to Las Vegas is April, where tickets cost $65 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $106 and $89 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Diego to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Diego to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Diego to Las Vegas, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 62 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Diego to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Spirit Airlines ($26) and Frontier ($29). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($27) and Frontier ($35). Which airlines fly most frequently between San Diego and Las Vegas? Southwest connects San Diego to Las Vegas with up to 13 flights per day. Delta also offers 2 flights per day, while Spirit Airlines follows with 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Diego and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Diego to Las Vegas. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from San Diego to Las Vegas. They are: Delta, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $35 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between San Diego and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 14 and 22 nonstop flights that take off from San Diego and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 1h 21m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 131 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Diego and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are First and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Diego to Las Vegas take? The average nonstop flight takes 1h 05m, covering a distance of 259 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from San Diego to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Diego at 6:00 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 7:23 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Diego to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Diego to Las Vegas jets off at 10:31 pm and lands at 11:59 pm. Good to know Low season June High season October Cheapest flight $26 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 8% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 1% increase in price. Flight from San Diego to Las Vegas When to book flights from San Diego to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Diego to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Diego to Las Vegas How do I get to the Eiffel Tower from LAS? Modeled on Paris’ Eiffel Tower, the Las Vegas Eiffel Tower is located about 2.9 miles from the Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS). There are several transportation options to get you there. However, a taxi is handy and takes 10min to cover the distance. However, if you don’t have luggage and don’t mind hiking to town, you can get there on foot in about 25min. Are there ATMs at Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS)? If you’ve just arrived and need to recharge your wallet before connecting to your next destination, you’ll get ATMs at various gates, including gates A, B,C, D and E, as well as at the public shopping area in Terminal 1. Also, you’ll get other ATMs at the car rental center. Which hotels are near the Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS)? If you’ll be arriving late and fatigued, consider booking a spacious room to get much-need relaxation before traveling to your destination the next day. Marriott Vacation Club Grand Chateau is a charming establishment in this area. Are there any services for passengers with disabilities at the LAS upon their arrival? LAS provides excellent services to passengers with mobility limitations. Critical points such as gates, the baggage claim area, counters and toilets are all wheelchair accessible. Still, there is dedicated staff to guide you to the elevator and offer support to those with communication challenges. Nevertheless, it’s advisable to contact the management in advance to enjoy these services. Can I rent a car at LAS Airport? Yes, at the McCarran Rent-A-Car Center. It's outside the airport, but there are free blue and white shuttle buses to get you there. You can book your car through KAYAK from rental agencies, such as Hertz, National, Payless, Budget, Advantage, Avis, Alamo, Dollar, and Enterprise. Which airline should you fly with on this route? If you're pressed for time, Allegiant Air, Frontier, and Spirit Airlines offer the fastest non-stop trips from SAN to LAS. These airlines also feature some of the cheapest flights of the lot. However, if you fly with United Airlines, you can access their lounge with your airline ticket at both airports. Which terminals should I use at SAN Airport? Airlines offering non-stop flights on this route, including spirit Airlines, Frontier, JetBlue, Allegiant Air, and Southwest, depart from Terminal 1. You can still easily access Terminal 2 on foot, but you'll need to re-clear security when re-entering each terminal. What are my travel options from LAS Airport to Las Vegas city center? McCarran International Airport is approximately 2 miles away from the Las Vegas city center. Convenient travel options include taxis or the Las Vegas Airport shuttle, which can get you to downtown Las Vegas in about 10min. If you're looking to use public transport, take the CX bus at the Ground Zero Level of Terminal 1 or across from door 44 at Terminal 3. Bus routes 108 and 109 also depart from Ground Level Zero. Do I need a passport to fly between San Diego and Las Vegas? A passport is not required to fly from San Diego to Las Vegas. Which airports will I be using when flying from San Diego to Las Vegas? When flying out of San Diego you will be using San Diego. You will be landing at Las Vegas, also known as Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Diego to Las Vegas? Delta, Spirit Airlines, Alaska Airlines, JetBlue, and American Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Diego to Las Vegas flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Diego to Las Vegas? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Diego to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Diego to Las Vegas? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between San Diego and Las Vegas. On which days can I fly direct from San Diego to Las Vegas? There are nonstop flights from San Diego to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Diego to Las Vegas, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Diego to Las Vegas are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $402 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $168 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Diego to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Diego to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Diego to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from San Diego is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Diego to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to San Diego with another airline. Booking your flights between San Diego and LAS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Diego to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from San Diego up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SAN to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $57 or less one-way and $66 or less round-trip. San Diego International Airport (SAN) has two terminals sitting side-by-side. Both terminals have ground transportation services to take you to your plane. If you’re arriving by car and are looking for parking, garages are located outside of the terminal buildings. Although Terminal 2 is larger and more modern, it’s Terminal 1 that handles most of the passenger traffic. If you’re on a shopping spree, you’ll be spoilt for choice as there are several shops at the two terminals. You can grab a last-minute souvenir, or browse a unique mix of fashion retailers, gift shops and boutiques before your flight. At Terminal 1 pre-security lies Bay Books of Colorado from where you can buy a magazine to read mid-air. Suppose you have a flight scheduled for early morning. Sleep in a comfortable room near the airport and wake up relaxed for your flight. Magnificent hotels around this place offer courtesy shuttles to and from the airport. SpringHill Suites by Marriott San Diego Downtown/Bayfront and Homewood Suites by Hilton San Diego Airport-Liberty Station are highly rated hotels close by. Some airlines allow passengers to bring pets on board when flying from SAN to Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS). It’s prudent to check with your operator regarding pet policy. Typically, dogs and cats are the standard four-legged friends permitted in the cabin. However, you must keep them in their kennels during the voyage. Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS) features three new nursing mothers’ lactation pods where traveling mothers can enjoy their privacy and comfort as they breastfeed and breast pump. They’re located near the children’s play area in the D Concourse, and on the skybridge connecting the C Concourse with the A and B gates. San Diego International Airport (SAN) is approximately 3 miles away from San Diego City Center. If you board the MTS City Bus, route 992, it'll take you directly from downtown San Diego to Terminals 1 and 2. When flying to McCarran International Airport (LAS), you can book your flight with Frontier Airlines, Spirit Airlines, Allegiant Air, JSX, American Airlines, Alaskan Airlines, United Airlines, JetBlue, or Southwest Airlines. Frontier Airlines, Allegiant Air, Spirit Airlines, JetBlue, JSX, and Southwest Airlines all feature non-stop flights to Las Vegas. If you have a few minutes to spare before heading out, there's an aviation museum in Terminal 1 of LAS Airport that you can check out. The Howard W. Cannon Aviation Museum has some entertaining history about commercial and private flying in southern Nevada. While the main exhibit is in Terminal 1, there are several more exhibits throughout the airport. Some unique amenities at LAS Airport include a Zero Level Fitness gym with shower and sauna services in Terminal 1 that charges about $25. There are two XpressSpa in Terminals 1 and 3, slot machines around the airport, police substations in Terminals 1 and 3, and medical services in Terminal 1 Landside. You'll also find private nursing suites in Terminals 1 and 3 and a children's play area in Terminal 1 Airside. If you need to get cash before boarding your flight, SAN Airport has several ATM machines operated by Bank of America in Terminals 1 and 2. Some of the amenities you can take advantage of at SAM airport include a meditation room in Terminal 2, Be Relax Spas in Terminal 2, shoeshine services in Terminals 1 and 2, Travelers Aid, lactation rooms, and showers at Airspace Lounge for about $35 at the door. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Diego to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from San Diego to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Diego to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday Delta, Frontier, Korean Air, +3 more Delta, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Delta, Frontier, KLM, +3 more Delta, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Delta, Frontier, Korean Air, +2 more Delta, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Delta, Frontier, KLM, +3 more Delta, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 Friday Delta, Frontier, Korean Air, +3 more Delta, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Delta, Frontier, Korean Air, +3 more Delta, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Delta, Frontier, KLM, +3 more Delta, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to San Diego Search Flights Monday Delta, Frontier, Korean Air, +3 more Delta, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Delta, Frontier, KLM, +3 more Delta, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Delta, Frontier, Korean Air, +2 more Delta, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Delta, Frontier, KLM, +3 more Delta, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 Friday Delta, Frontier, Korean Air, +3 more Delta, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Delta, Frontier, Korean Air, +3 more Delta, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Delta, Frontier, KLM, +3 more Delta, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Diego to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Diego to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Diego to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 82comfort 85overall 85boarding 78entertainment 79food 88crew Airline reviews Pros: "The snack was a whole sandwich that was quite tasty and in my opinion far better than the two meals I was served on my US to Europe flight on Condor. The staff were very kind, accommodating and served us damp linens to wipe our hands with before eating, which I did not receive on the Condor flight."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "The snack was a whole sandwich that was quite tasty and in my opinion far better than the two meals I was served on my US to Europe flight on Condor. The staff were very kind, accommodating and served us damp linens to wipe our hands with before eating, which I did not receive on the Condor flight." Pros: "At 7 PM July 21 we booked flight through KAYAK linked to Alaska airlines. That part worked and picked seats. We were unable to check in online (try again message. At kiosk 525 am San Diego airport it would not allow us either. By the time we made it to the desk it was 537 am. They would not issue." Cons: "Ironically we had no issues checking in for the return flight through Delta Sunday 7 pm when we booked the flights. Therefore we could not leave San Diego and Alaskan Airlines front desk said we were three minutes late in person and would not issue boarding passes. We missed our soccer playoffs." Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Pros: "The flight itself was as expected." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3+ hours with no reasoning shared with travelers. No compensation, complimentary beverage, etc. was provided." Pros: "It was from missing my connecting flight since I wasn’t able to get to my destination that day I had to wait a day." Cons: "Pay for my parking since I had to leave that day and come back the next day." Cons: "The flight was oversold and my husband did not have a seat assignment. The desk agent was helpful and was able to put us together" Cons: "The airflow is too far from the isle seat making it a bit uncomfortable for the middle seat. The lack of entertainment outside of using a personal device was meh. And the price for some of the features are aggressive. Unless you are a T mobile customer..." Pros: "Alaska service is always great" Cons: "I waited to leave and to get off the plane" Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "I didn’ ask for internet but i was charged$25 I don’t know what to name it !" Pros: "Friendly staff" Cons: "No food offered but I usually don’t eat food but some passengers were asking about the food service" Cons: "Delayed flight planning - would have been nice to delay the flight before boarding." Cons: "Flight was delayed almost 3 hrs. Ran out of food right before my row. I upgraded my seat but feel I got the short end of the stick." Pros: "The crew was wonderful, the food was great, the ride was wonderful." Cons: "After a delay of about an hour on a very full flight the gate agent asked for volunteers to check their rollaboard suitcases. The gate agents then allowed those who checked their rollaboards to board before Zone 1,which was fine. However, a bunch of people without gate check stickers on the rollaboards were also allowed to board before Zone 1, which was aggravating. There was a long delay on the tarmac, during which we had to pull back to the gate or to a maintenance area before we finally took off. When we arrived in Vegas there was no gate for us to pull into, which led to another long delay of an already long and delayed flight." Pros: "Delta was OK" Cons: "Lack of attention by the fly stuard in Virgin Australia Virgin had a 45´delay" Pros: "Departing" Cons: "More than 4.5 hrs in taxi waiting to take off. Due to “few rain” and after 3.5 hrs we needed to refuel when we were about FINALLY close to our turn for take off. Horrible service by DELTA. Never flying again with them" Pros: "crew was nice and pilot was informative." Cons: "1. flight was delayed twice, which meant my arrive was delayed in Cincinnati. 2. boarding was a nightmare. After 2 delays, I was crammed into zone 4. I dont fly as often, the seats space seems to be getting smaller. 5. I sat next an overweight person. I didn't like my personal space violated. 6. The flight offer movies, I slept. Yet kept getting elbowed by this overweight neighbor. 7. I am a single, independent person. I prefer to sit near the front. First on and settled and 1st off and gone!" Pros: "The flight crew was friendly and personable. Beverage service was consistent and efficient. Entertainment and free WiFi messaging were great perks." Cons: "The positives don’t even come close to offsetting the misery of Delta’s seats. I honestly don’t remember the last time I was so cramped and uncomfortable. I’m not an abnormally large man - 6 feet 200 lbs - and there was no room for my legs or my shoulders in an “upgraded economy” seat. I fly weekly for work on another major airline, and only took this one in a crunch. But I am quite certain this was my last Delta flight and I’ll be advising others similarly. The service and entertainment aren’t sufficient to mask an awful seat configuration." Pros: "Good selection of movies/shows." Cons: "Flight was delayed half an hour due to “medical emergency”. Guy passed out as we were about to take off so we turned back to the gate and sat on the plane for over 30 mins while we waited for medical personnel to check the guy out. Then had to wait another 15 mins for the fuel truck to refill us because we had burnt so much sitting there. I understand that we had to turn back due to his condition but why was he not removed from the plane and put on a later flight when he felt better instead of making all of us late? You would think after all this the crew would be kind and appreciate our patience but 2 of the flight attendants were the exact opposite of that. Both of them were very short with people and the one kept rolling her eyes at people as they were handing out drinks. The only thing I would give 5 stars is the tv entertainment. My seat wouldn’t even recline for me to enjoy though." Pros: "The short flight was fine. Crew was friendly." Cons: "Because we arrived to LAX from SAN so late we had to run to the next gate and barely made the flight. The overhead bins were already very full so we had to stuff our stuff at our feet. Since we arrived so late it would have been better if they had allowed those with a tight connection to disembark first." Considering that our flight was changed to a day ahead and we were not properly notified, we showed up a day late and had a HORRENDOUS experience trying to figure out what happened and how to get home back to Canada from New York. After spending hours on hold with Westjet and Kayak, we came to the conclusion that we had to BUY new tickets to get home that cost DOUBLE what we originally paid. Not to mention a last seconr hotel room that cost $500 CAD for ONE night because of WestJets mistake. After meals and final costs, we had to reach out to our families for nearly $2000 CAD to get home. How was our return flight? We didnt get to take it...absolutely defeated and furious with both Kayak and WestJet who kept bouncing us back and forth on the phones with NO resolution. Unacceptable. We will be looking into compensation over this. Plane left on time. The service and food was excellent. No problem with the luggage arrived and was delivered within 15 minutes. It’s exactly what it should have been for a short trip Pros: "The crew worked hard to ensure that we had a good flight with minimal interruptions" Cons: "Delays always hurt, the flight was delayed yet there were no notifications and additionally the delay was closer to an hour long since boarding only started 20 minutes late." Pros: "Crew." Cons: "Entertainment aka movies.. this was an older plane - should have brought a book as I’m used too movie screens" Pros: "The crew went out of his way to help us!" Cons: "The landing was the worst I have ever experienced! Must be a student pilot or something! Been traveling for many years and never once vomit! I almost did in this flight! twice!!" Cons: "It was a quick flight up dates were provide at all times" Cons: "No explanation was given why flight left almost 2 hours late" Cons: "Don't like having to download app for entertainment....some devices not current enough to download.. Not everyone has devices Kids disappointed..prefer Alaska monitors" Pros: "Pleasant Staff Great flight" Cons: "that i paid to get a seat next to my brother and the plane was not full and people got to sit where they liked. it cost me more money for nothing." Pros: "Boarding was fast. We arrived early." Cons: "It was too cold & they kept turning on the lights (it was a late night flight)." Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "The AC was broken - only the front half of the plane was getting it. The back half was very hot." Pros: "Great crew and online customer service..." Cons: "1- Flight Behind Schedule 2- Live customer service agents are truly non-existent until 1.5hrs before ‘departure’" Pros: "Arrived on time after boarding was delayed. Great price/ you get what you pay for." Cons: "No diaper changing station in any of the 3 bathrooms.flight attendants could have been friendlier" Cons: "I am so angry booking with them. I booked the flight and then thought, ok I will add a rental car. It said clearly that the rental Car could be canceled up until 24 hours before the flight. Well, 2 weeks before the flight, my friend said, don’t get a rental car, I will have my car. So I cancelled and only then did I find out that once I booked it through their site I could not get a refund for the car and I could only get a voucher for use on one of their flights! And only after they take out any fees and costs that was accrued! So angry!" Cons: "Flight was very late. Have to pay $45 for a carry-on bag. Seats were uncomfortable and have to pay for all snacks and drinks including water." Pros: "Better than on time Smooth sailing through south bend airport!" Cons: "Just have to remember thrift airline No seat going back" Cons: "Cut my already short trip even shorter. I used this airline twice now, and both times I was delayed." Cons: "I understand that Allegiant has a pricing structure to implement, but forcing passengers to keep personal items between their feet when most of the overhead compartments were empty was just insulting and ridiculous - not to mention dangerous. In the event of extreme turbulence (or worse), all those personal items would be flying around the cabin." Cons: "Our engine seats at the rear of the plane were of course a little noisy at first. We got these seats on both our flights. Hoped that at least one-way we would have managed seats with a window." Cons: "Don’t get the egg salad breakfast sandwich. It’s got more turkey and cheese than egg salad." Cons: "Seat pitch was too tight, especially when the person in front of me pushed their seat back." Pros: "Great crew - good attitudes." Cons: "Delayed for an hour due to a log book issue." Cons: "I upgraded my seats, but we still didn’t get any extras for the price." Pros: "Free tv which is rare" Cons: "I had selected my seats ahead of time and they weren’t kept. Day of I tried to buy a seat and it told me there were tech issues and I had to go to a front desk to check in/purchase. Well all that got me was the very last row, middle seat. No recline and seriously no leg room or breathing room once the person in the row ahead leans back. Crew was not helpful. Not to mention, the security line was outrageously long and I got to my flight just before it left only to find out my seating arrangement and be presented with more disappointment. Took over an hour where I’ve never waited more than 20 minutes in this airport (I fly often). Didn’t have time to go to BR or grab a snack Then my second flight was (again another middle seat) way too warm. The attendants said “there’s nothing we can do”. I was so nauseous and uncomfortable the whole time." Pros: "Quick and easy" Cons: "Overbooked flight. Had to check in carry on for not having any space available" Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Cons: "The original booked flight was about 12 hours before the rebooked flight. We got up at about 2:00 am to leave for the airport at 3:30 am for a 6:30 am flight. We were all packed and booked our ride and shuttinlpg down the computer at the last minute when we noticed an mail after midnight telling us the flight was cancelled. We called and were told there was nothing they could do, due to connections and this was entirely their fault. Approximately 12 hours later we took a “red eye” thus arriving a day late for our hotel and car reservations. We were charged baggage fees and not sure if our priority boarding will be refunded." Pros: "Comfortable chairs" Cons: "Pilot's skill level and ability - lots of maneuvering and a very poor landing" Pros: "It was fine. Just not anything great." Cons: "Many groups were not seated together. at the airport I asked if my husband and I could be put together . One worker seemed interested in helping, but another rudely butted in and said there "were no seats together, the flight was full." Come to find out the flight was not full, there were whole rows not full. The groups near our seats rearranged ourselves so we could be by our family members, so it worked out. No thanks to the person at the terminal. Really long walk from the gate to the plane. No food on a cross country flight. Only a few cups of water/soda and a cookie. which unfortunately is typical now days. The lights were off the whole trip. The captain kept turning on the seat belt sign for the turbulence. Which there was a lot of. But then he would announce for everyone to go back to their seats. It wasn't huge bumps, just a little rough. and it woke everyone up by announcing it multiple times." Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 Allegiant Air7.2 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from San Diego to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Diego to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/2Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 23mSAN-LAS $26 Search 12/30Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 27mSAN-LAS $27 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 27mSAN-LAS $29 Search 1/12Fri nonstopFrontier 1h 22mSAN-LAS $33 Search 12/16Sat nonstopFrontier 1h 29mSAN-LAS $34 Search 4/29Mon nonstopDelta 1h 05mSAN-LAS $65 Search 12/23Sat nonstopDelta 1h 24mSAN-LAS $85 Search 12/22Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 3h 48mSAN-LAS $133 Search 1/3Wed 2 stopsAllegiant Air 31h 40mSAN-LAS $157 Search 1/10Wed 3 stopsUnited Airlines 19h 47mSAN-LAS $228 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaUnited AirlinesAllegiant Air Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$70 or less$130 or less$230 or less Last minute flights from San Diego to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Diego to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 27mSAN-LAS 12/8Fri nonstopFrontier 1h 16mLAS-SAN $48 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 27mSAN-LAS 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 16mLAS-SAN $49 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 21mSAN-LAS 12/8Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 28mLAS-SAN $77 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 21mSAN-LAS 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 28mLAS-SAN $119 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 07mSAN-LAS 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 19mLAS-SAN $265 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 1h 22mSAN-LAS 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 1h 16mLAS-SAN $310 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 9h 26mSAN-LAS 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 3h 03mLAS-SAN $401 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 9h 26mSAN-LAS 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 3h 06mLAS-SAN $423 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 1h 22mSAN-LAS 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 1h 10mLAS-SAN $484 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 41mSAN-LAS 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 14mLAS-SAN $617 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$50 or less$120 or less$310 or less$420 or less$620 or less San Diego - Las Vegas Flights Departure: San Diego (SAN)United States Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - San Diego Cabin classes: $292 First Class flights to Las Vegas $395 Business Class flights to Las Vegas $220 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas $37 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Diego $35Flights from San Diego to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $35Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Compare transportation modes for San Diego to Las Vegas Average price Average duration Flights $289 1h 20m Buses $104 5h 09m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Oakland Flights to Salt Lake City Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from San Diego. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Las Vegas from San Diego. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.