Cheap Flights from Seattle to San Francisco from $45 | (SEA - SFO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SEA - SFO Find cheap flights from Seattle to San Francisco from $45 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/17. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to San Francisco These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to San Francisco. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to San Francisco. How much is the cheapest flight from Seattle to San Francisco?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Seattle to San Francisco that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:42 am - 5:13 pmSEA-SFO 7h 31m1 stop 10:44 am - 6:10 pmSFO-SEA 7h 26m1 stop $94 Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Thu, Jan 11 7:15 am - 9:35 amSEA-SFO 2h 20mnonstop 5:00 pm - 7:14 pmSFO-SEA 2h 14mnonstop $117Alaska Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 31 - Wed, Jan 17 9:22 pm - 9:59 amSEA-SFO 12h 37m1 stop 8:59 am - 3:59 pmSFO-SEA 7h 00m1 stop $119Frontier Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Sat, Feb 3 9:25 am - 11:50 amSEA-SFO 2h 25mnonstop 6:05 am - 8:26 amSFO-SEA 2h 21mnonstop $125Delta Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Tue, Jan 23 6:15 am - 8:28 amSEA-SFO 2h 13mnonstop 10:00 am - 12:27 pmSFO-SEA 2h 27mnonstop $127Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Fri, Jan 12 1:05 pm - 5:31 pmSEA-SFO 28h 26m1 stop 8:50 pm - 8:17 amSFO-SEA 11h 27m1 stop $131Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Fri, Dec 15 9:16 am - 11:35 amSEA-SFO 2h 19mnonstop 4:15 pm - 6:42 pmSFO-SEA 2h 27mnonstop $206United Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Thu, Jan 25 6:45 am - 2:55 pmSEA-SFO 8h 10m1 stop 10:50 am - 6:00 pmSFO-SEA 7h 10m2 stops $232Southwest Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Tue, Jan 23 2:00 pm - 9:50 pmSEA-SFO 7h 50m2 stops 7:30 am - 10:20 pmSFO-SEA 14h 50m3 stops $271Southwest Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Tue, Jan 23 7:00 am - 9:19 amSEA-SFO 2h 19mnonstop 12:59 am - 10:58 pmSFO-SEA 21h 59m1 stop $294United Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Sun, Jan 7 Show more results Flights from Seattle to San Francisco - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Seattle to San Francisco to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Seattle to San Francisco? The average price of all flights from Seattle to San Francisco clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Seattle to San Francisco, look for departures on Wednesdays and avoid leaving on a Sunday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from San Francisco, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Seattle to San Francisco? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Seattle to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Seattle to San Francisco is January, where tickets cost $178 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $226 and $213 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Seattle to San Francisco? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Seattle to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Seattle to San Francisco, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 44 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Seattle to San Francisco? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Seattle to San Francisco found on KAYAK was with Frontier for $45. Alaska Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $117 and Frontier from $119. Which airlines fly most frequently between Seattle and San Francisco? Alaska Airlines connects Seattle to San Francisco with up to 2 flights per day and both Delta and United Airlines also offer 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Seattle and San Francisco? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Seattle to San Francisco. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Seattle to San Francisco. They are: Alaska Airlines, Delta and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Delta at $79 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Delta. How many flights are there between Seattle and San Francisco per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 12 nonstop flights that take off from Seattle and land in San Francisco, with an average flight time of 2h 17m. The most common departure time is 5:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 50 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 24% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Seattle and San Francisco? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Seattle to San Francisco take? Direct flights cover the 679 miles separating Seattle to San Francisco in about 2h 09m. What’s the earliest departure time from Seattle to San Francisco? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Seattle at 5:30 am and will be landing in San Francisco at 7:43 am. What’s the latest departure time from Seattle to San Francisco? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Seattle to San Francisco jets off at 9:55 pm and lands at 12:16 am. Good to know Low season January High season December Cheapest flight $45 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 9% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 16% increase in price. Flight from Seattle to San Francisco When to book flights from Seattle to San Francisco Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Seattle to San Francisco based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Seattle to San Francisco What is the easiest way of traveling out of San Francisco International Airport (SFO)? The best way to get out of SFO to Downtown San Francisco is via BART trains. They also connect to Oakland in addition to other areas within the Bay Area. With BART, you will avoid the traffic congestion associated with Bay area peak hours. The trains leave SFO frequently and will whisk you away from the airport in no time. Can I rent a car at San Francisco International Airport? You can easily rent a car of your choice right from SFO. To access the SFO Rental Car Center take the AirTrain Blue Line from any terminal. The main car rental brands at SFO include Avis, Alamo, Budget, Enterprise, Thrifty and others. Does Seattle-Tacoma International Airport provide support for travelers with disabilities? Yes, SEA is fully equipped with facilities that offer easy accessibility by all travelers with special needs. Your airline will coordinate wheelchair services from the ticketing desk to the departures. The airport also features wheelchair accessible taxis and vans. Passengers may request curbside pick-up on the Skybridge 5 and Baggage Claim level. Are there on-site hotels at San Francisco International Airport (SFO)? If you want to enjoy some food and drinks at SFO, you will head to The Grand Hyatt hotel located near the SFO entrance, parking garages and terminal buildings. You can enjoy quiet time here due to the soundproofed guest rooms. Are there family amenities at the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA)? Yes, there are several restrooms for travelers who need assistance from their companions. They are located near Gate A1 of the International Terminal A. If you want to freshen up after light, head to level 3 of Ed Lee International Main Hall for shower facilities, ironing facilities, undergarments, nap rooms, and toiletries. Are there pet amenities at the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA)? There are several pet relief areas equipped with trash bins, towel dispensers and waste bags for proper disposal. They are located in CONCOURSE D, N, S and Central Terminal as well as in the International Arrivals. Outside the main terminal, there are several pet relief areas specifically near the parking garage and both south and north ends. What facilities are available for business travelers at San Francisco International Airport? While there is no designated business center at San Francisco International Airport, there are plenty of workstations located throughout its terminals. There are also Power Bars in the Terminal 2 Food Court where travelers can plug in their laptops and continue their work while on the go. Can I fly from Seattle to San Francisco non-stop? Due to their close proximity, many airlines offer nonstop flights from Seattle to San Francisco. Some of the airlines offering such flights include Delta Air Lines, United Airlines, and Alaska Airlines. There are also one-stop flights available through airlines like jetBlue Airways, Alaska Airlines, and American Airlines, with layovers in cities such as Long Beach, Los Angeles, and Portland. What is the quickest way from San Francisco International Airport to downtown San Francisco? Aside from renting or driving a personal vehicle, BART (Bay Area Rapid Transport) is the quickest way to get from San Francisco International Airport to the city. Terminal 3 hosts the airport’s BART station and is easily accessed via AirTrain from the airport’s other terminals. Should I fly to San Francisco International Airport, Oakland International Airport, or San José International Airport? Both San Francisco International Airport and Oakland International Airport are connected to BART, making them ideal for travelers who plan to take public transportation after their flights from Seattle to San Francisco. The main difference between the two is that San Francisco is on the west side of the bay while Oakland is on the east. San José International Airport, on the other hand, is not connected via BART, but there are other public transport options available. However, the main reason to fly into San José is if your final destination is outside of the Bay Area, as the airport is located a bit further outside the Bay Area’s urban sprawl. Do I need a passport to fly between Seattle and San Francisco? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airports will I be using when flying from Seattle to San Francisco? On your way to San Francisco, you’ll fly out from Seattle/Tacoma Intl. You’ll be landing at San Francisco. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Seattle to San Francisco? Alaska Airlines, JetBlue, Delta, American Airlines, and Aeromexico offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Seattle to San Francisco flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Seattle to San Francisco? The Airbus A321neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Seattle to San Francisco flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Seattle to San Francisco? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Seattle and San Francisco, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Seattle to San Francisco? There are nonstop flights from Seattle to San Francisco on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Seattle to San Francisco, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Seattle to San Francisco are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $198 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $188 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Seattle to San Francisco? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Seattle to San Francisco. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Seattle to San Francisco? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to San Francisco from Seattle is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Seattle to San Francisco? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to San Francisco with an airline and back to Seattle with another airline. Booking your flights between Seattle and SFO can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Seattle to San Francisco? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to San Francisco from Seattle up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SEA to San Francisco Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $139 or less one-way and $208 or less round-trip. Fly out of Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA), the main airport serving the Seattle metropolitan area and enjoy numerous domestic airlines flying to San Francisco. You will fly in via San Francisco International Airport (SFO), a major gateway to California to quickly begin exploring San Francisco. This flight route accounts for 1567 lb the average CO₂ emission per traveler. To fly eco friendly, book Alaska Airlines which invests in sustainable aviation fuels for lesser emissions. The Airline is known for more efficient aircrafts with advanced design features that help reduce the carbon footprint by over 50% percent. Though the Seattle to San Francisco flight is not so long, you can take flights with stops if you have flexible schedules or are open to exploring new destinations. Spend a few hours at Dallas/Fort Worth (DFW) when you fly American Airlines, stop at LAX with Alaska Airlines or take some time in beautiful Sacramento (SMF) along the way. Looking to take public transport to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport so you can avoid the hassle of renting a car? Link Light Rail services connect Seattle-Tacoma International Airport directly to downtown Seattle and even to the University of Washington. The airport’s Link station is located outside the airport on the fourth floor of the adjacent parking garage. Want to give the kids the chance to burn off a bit of excess energy before the flight? Stop by Seattle-Tacoma International Airport’s Playroom, located by the Seattle Tap Room in the Central Terminal by the A gates. At San Francisco International Airport there are three children’s play areas to choose from: two in Terminal 3 and one in Terminal 2. Fortunately for travelers wanting to grab a bite to eat before they board their flight out of Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, there are plenty of restaurant options available - even for those with dietary restrictions. For vegetarians and vegans there is Floret, while for those who prefer meat on the menu, there is Rel’Lish Burger Lounge. The Aviation Museum in San Francisco International Airport is a great family-friendly activity for those who are looking for a diversion during their time at the airport. The museum includes a library and is open from 10:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. To reach San Francisco International Airport’s Rental Car Center, simply hop on the AirTrain Blue Line at any one of the airport’s terminals. The AirTrain runs 24 hours a day and also connects the terminals to all of the airport’s parking garages and the BART station. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to San Francisco? Find which airlines fly direct from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to San Francisco, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Seattle/Tacoma Intl to San Francisco Search Flights Monday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +26 more ANA, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Tuesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +24 more ANA, Aeromexico, +25 more 23 24 Wednesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air China, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Thursday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +26 more ANA, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Friday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Saturday ANA, Aeromexico, Air China, +28 more ANA, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Sunday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 See more direct flights Nonstop returns San Francisco to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Tuesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +24 more ANA, Aeromexico, +25 more 23 24 Wednesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air China, +26 more ANA, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Thursday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Friday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Saturday ANA, Aeromexico, Air China, +27 more ANA, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Sunday ANA, Aeromexico, Air France, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Seattle to San Francisco See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Seattle to San Francisco. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Seattle to San Francisco? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14227 reviews 86overall 84comfort 80entertainment 78food 90crew 87boarding Airline reviews Pros: "Flight was on time and arrived early. Crew knew what to do and made the flight run as smoothly as possible." Pros: "Flight was on time and arrived early. Crew knew what to do and made the flight run as smoothly as possible." Pros: "Crew was fun and lively - it was a quick trip!" Cons: "Wifi was out on the plane" Pros: "Excellent, funny, helpful crew. On-time departure and arrival." Cons: "Although seat pitch on Southwest is better than many other airlines, it is still tight..." Pros: "I forgot the guy's name buy one of the crew members was especially funny! Good snacks, comfy seats, solid entertainment." Pros: "Boarding was smooth and fast." Cons: "The updates for the flight delay only came when we should have been boarding. Earlier and more frequent notification please!" Pros: "The first class room and seating." Cons: "I decided to try a first class international to be pampered and quite frankly I have had better attention in economy seats. Either my expectations were to high or flight crew fell short. In either event i was not favorably impressed. Lost checked bad to add! Hopeful my return trip Apr 1 will b bette" Pros: "I always like Southwest employees really love their job. The employees from gate agents to flight attendants were amazing. Good job and thank you for making our flight enjoyable!" Pros: "Other than WiFi, everything was great & smooth" Cons: "WiFi kept freezing so I had to go back and “Resume Playback” no airtime." Pros: "On time, smooth flight" Cons: "The next to me farting up a storm. Sooo gross. Thank god the flight was short" Pros: "Boarded earlier than expected but only AFTER the flight was delayed" Cons: "Flight attendants make excessively long announcements. Despite open boarding, passengers attempt to save seats for their friends boarding in a later zone. Not how this airline is supposed to work." Pros: "Crew were very attentive and hospitable to the crew. I have been flying ASIANA many times and enjoy the flight as well." Cons: "Not enough fruit & cheese boxes to reach past mid plane" Cons: "The plane’s electrical system was not working and we sat on the plane for over an hour with no A-C. Several solutions that were tried were also broken and we were told that the plane itself need to have additional electricity to start the plane for the past 4 days! Unacceptable on a usual A+ airlin" Pros: "I love the new plane interiors and love how you wrote about the features in the in-flight magazine. I’m a designer and it was so nice to read about why you developed those features. Love the lighting. Bravo!" Pros: "The people at the service desk and customer service on the phone were very nice" Cons: "Not loose my luggage. I was forced to switch flights to LA in order to catch a flight to Sydney. My bags came 3 days after I had to buy all new sets of clothes and toiletries because I went on a sailing trip for 5 days. My bag finally arrived and now I have too many clothes and an extra bag." Pros: "Everything" Cons: "My cabin bag has been misplaced and I siding receive the same." Pros: "Boarding was smooth. The crew was very pleasant and helpful. The nourishment was very good." Cons: "Entertainment was wifi based. No live TV which Virgin America used to offer." Pros: "Window seat" Cons: "Alaska changed my seat twice, and didn’t let me pick a seat before or at check-in" Pros: "View out window. Legroom was good." Cons: "Cattle car crowded, sold out flight. I usually drive or ride motorcycle to travel. I’m a man, not livestock. I need space around me." Pros: "I enjoyed the whole experience with my Alaska Airlines flight. The staff were nice, the flight was close to on time and the cabin was fairly comfortable." Cons: "Very little leg and foot space especially with the aisle seat." Very efficient and effective. Fight crew and captain did a good job given the weather delays and turbulence… Pros: "Crew was very friendly and took good care of the passengers" Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Cons: "We weren't alerted there was a chance of delays. Over two hours late." Pros: "It is a busy travel day and this flight was unbelievably smooth. The entire crew was competent and friendly." Pros: "Excellent service in most every respect! Boarding was easy, accommodations were quite ample, food was great, and the entertainment was plentiful." Cons: "Slight problem with making my seat into a bed, which wasn't fixable. Movies were good, except for the trailers before and after each, which seemed to take forever! Didn't get the seats my wife and originally booked with China Southern/Delta, but the substitution was quite adequate! Problems with checking in on flights, as neither airline seemed to be able to deal with this split ticket! But they tried very hard to make thing up to us, which goes a long way to making us feel like we are valued customers!" Cons: "Missed connecting flight because the first flight was delayed by 2.5 hours. I didn’t get the comfort seat I paid for because of this and was not given a refund for it." Cons: "Kayak a howed my gate as something that didn’t exist at the terminal. I went to a kayak help desk to have a ticket printed that showed my TSA precheck because it wasn’t showing on my mobile ticket, and no one was there to help. I waisted for 10 mins. It then took me nearly 2 hours to get through security. I asked if I could get through quicker and was told I could not, despite it being passed my boarding time. I then ran to my gate where I waited for another 10 mins (no one was there, again) and then an employee came out and said they couldn’t let anyone board once the door was shut. He then directed me to the delta help desk (there was at least 20 people behind me who missed their flight). I then had to pay an additional $75 to get a later flight. The whole experience was awful and I’m disappointed with Kayak and the gate confusion, but mostly Delta and the lack of customer service." Cons: "Sat on the runway for over an hour to get the gate. Unacceptable." Pros: "Snacks that include a dairy free option like the kind granola bar" Cons: "We were delayed like crazy." Pros: "The food and the crew totally good" Cons: "Maybe the toilets, need to be clean at least once in a flight" Pros: "Crew was efficient and pleasant making for a good experience." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Flight attendants were friendly and thoughtful." Cons: "Seating is too tight. Hard to believe that in 2019, major airlines still have seats without any electrical or UBS outlets for charging devices." Pros: "The flight got me there" Cons: "WiFi was too slow to be able to watch anything. Seat small and uncomfortable. Flight attendants not friendly." Pros: "Nothing. Just the pilot" Cons: "Everything. Bad communication. 1 h delay. Then 3 hs in the plane. We ran out of gas. 2 more hours taxiing Never seen something similar. I really hope my mileage refund." Cons: "Not enough time in London to change planes. We missed the flight" Pros: "Awesome roomy seat right behind business class. Could not have asked for better! And it was a gorgeous new aircraft." Pros: "I love your entertainment selection. also the comfort of seat and it's on time." Cons: "We are letting too many people with the flu, travel. This in turn is spreading it to other places and getting too many people sick. We need to control this more. I don’t have an option after spending all this money on if I can stay healthy or not, and that is not ok." Pros: "Landed early" Cons: "The seats were not as good as the ones on my BA flight to Heathrow and then Rome. Also, cross country flight but no in flight entertainment. Arrived early in PHL and American would not let me move up to an earlier PHL-SFO flight since it was a code share booked with BA. Should not be my fault as when booking it indicated all four of my flights were with BA. Once booked it indicated the return flights were code share with AA. American should have allowed me on the earlier flight. That would have opened a seat on the scheduled flight which had people waiting on standby." Pros: "Crew were experienced, and worked preemptively to help a number of passengers with tight connections" Pros: "The flight attendants in first class were very very pleasant. Service was amazing." Cons: "Boarding was extremely congested. I know ithis is out if UA control but it seems like it's getting more worst. The food aka snack that was served on the flight was a cold muffin. Not to happy with a cold muffin. I'd rather have chips or pretzels." Cons: "We missed the whole vacation due to United flt. 599 being late into SFO. We missed the Zurich flight by 7 minutes due to a mechanical issue (overhead bin lid would not stay closed.) United customer service was very poor and after 16 hrs. at SO without resolution on flights and schedule, we just came back home. If Siss Air could have waited 10 minutes for 12 or more passengers, we would have been fine. I don't know if United communicated with them or not. This was a disaster!" Cons: "All 4 flights delayed by more than a half hour last leg 1.5 hours united sucks!" Pros: "Screens at every seat, but mine was broken and so were several around me." Cons: "No power outlets at my seat. No free chat. Wifi should come as part of the ticket price. I feel nickel and dimed and I am tired of it." Pros: "No one died." Cons: "The flight 586 was late and despite having two hours to wait in SF the flight got to SF just as the connection was finished boarding. I had to run from a gate in the 60s to 84D and the people at 84D were whining about my getting to them so late. United Airlines needs to get its stuff together!" Cons: "Cacelled then delayed twice. United workers are also very rude. I give them a big ol" Cons: "Now Sherry in any documentation I received did it say that my flight was operated by United airlines. I waited at ANA check in until within the 2 hour window and went around and asked someone at United who confirmed that they were partners with ANA." Cons: "flight control forced us to miss my connection to Kansas City so had to spend $150 on a hotel in San Francisco and wait an entire day to get home." Pros: "More important than the trip home last Wednesday was the reason for the trip. We attended my granddaughter's wedding. Everything else was secondary. Even if the trip had been in a one wheeled barrow, it would have been good. To get to what you want which is the mechanics of the trip. The two people who attended to the aisle chair, most teams were competent. Some hadn't done many passengers so they were fumbling with the straps. I've learned that I almost alway have to ask for one at the gate where they check or issue, (what's it called, loading permits, some kind of pass, not landing pass. loading pass. I can't remember and my wife has gone to bed.) Well, they have to come up with an aisle chair because I've only got 1 1/2 legs. I always make it to the seat on the plane, but the competency of the various crews is uneen. Sorry my answer is so nonspecific but I don't remember one airline from another. Great people all, get the job done." Cons: "Not much I don't like. They get us there That is the main thing. Sometimes when the plane stops after it has pulled away from the Jet Way, the pilot gives an explanation that I find unfulfilling, not enough details. I suppose if they explained more, other fliers would find the explanation too verbose. I can live with it. Again this is about all flights and airlines. Nothing stands out, such as, " this awful thing happened when we left San Francisco."" Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Seattle to San Francisco Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Seattle to San Francisco found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/17Wed 1 stopFrontier 13h 54mSEA-SFO $45 Search 1/8Mon 1 stop 10h 16mSEA-SFO $46 Search 1/10Wed nonstopDelta 2h 25mSEA-SFO $59 Search 12/30Sat nonstopDelta 2h 28mSEA-SFO $69 Search 5/21Tue 1 stopAlaska Airlines 6h 29mSEA-SFO $79 Search 1/2Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 17mSEA-SFO $89 Search 12/7Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 13mSEA-SFO $219 Search 2/29Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 15h 29mSEA-SFO $254 Search 12/11Mon 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 11h 03mSEA-SFO $388 Search 1/15Mon 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 12h 53mSEA-SFO $418 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierDeltaAlaska AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$50 or less$70 or less$90 or less$250 or less$420 or less Last minute flights from Seattle to San Francisco Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Seattle to San Francisco that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 7h 49mSEA-SFO 12/12Tue multi-stopFrontier 17h 42mSFO-SEA $121 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 7h 49mSEA-SFO 12/13Wed multi-stop 8h 34mSFO-SEA $167 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 9h 04mSEA-SFO 12/13Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 21mSFO-SEA $354 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 19mSEA-SFO 12/13Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 20mSFO-SEA $385 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 9h 04mSEA-SFO 12/12Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 16mSFO-SEA $392 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 8h 44mSEA-SFO 12/12Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 14h 00mSFO-SEA $409 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 21mSEA-SFO 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 17mSFO-SEA $477 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 2h 09mSEA-SFO 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 2h 19mSFO-SEA $478 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 2h 09mSEA-SFO 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 2h 21mSFO-SEA $480 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 28mSEA-SFO 12/13Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 37mSFO-SEA $616 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierUnited AirlinesAlaska AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$170 or less$390 or less$410 or less$480 or less$620 or less Seattle - San Francisco Flights Departure: Seattle (SEA)United States Destination: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: San Francisco - Seattle Cabin classes: $187 First Class flights to San Francisco $336 Business Class flights to San Francisco $260 Prem Econ Class flights to San Francisco $118 Economy Class flights to San Francisco Browse origins: Flights » United States » Washington » Seattle $89Flights from Seattle to San Francisco Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » San Francisco $89Flights to San Francisco, San Francisco Compare transportation modes for Seattle to San Francisco Average price Average duration Flights $966 2h 09m Trains $180 0h 00m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Ontario Flights to Honolulu Flights to San Diego Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search San Francisco flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to San Francisco from Seattle. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to San Francisco from Seattle. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.