Cheap Flights from Dallas Fort Worth to San Francisco from $35 | (DFW - SFO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW DFW - SFO Find cheap flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco from $35 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to San Francisco These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to San Francisco. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to San Francisco. How much is the cheapest flight from Dallas to San Francisco?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dallas to San Francisco that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:45 am - 12:04 pmDFW-SFO 4h 19mnonstop 5:25 pm - 10:55 pmSFO-DFW 3h 30mnonstop $74Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Thu, Jan 11 12:31 pm - 2:27 pmDFW-SFO 3h 56mnonstop 3:12 pm - 8:43 pmSFO-DFW 3h 31mnonstop $78Frontier Find Deal Thu, Feb 29 - Mon, Mar 4 9:45 am - 12:04 pmDFW-SFO 4h 19mnonstop 6:41 pm - 4:15 amSFO-DFW 7h 34m1 stop $84Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Tue, Jan 9 9:45 am - 12:04 pmDFW-SFO 4h 19mnonstop 7:33 am - 6:17 pmSFO-DFW 8h 44m1 stop $92 Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sat, Jan 13 10:51 am - 6:17 pmDFW-SFO 9h 26m1 stop 6:41 pm - 4:15 amSFO-DFW 7h 34m1 stop $97 Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Tue, Jan 9 3:04 pm - 5:00 pmDFW-SFO 3h 56mnonstop 11:59 pm - 5:27 amSFO-DFW 3h 28mnonstop $170American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Sun, Jan 21 7:30 pm - 9:38 pmDFW-SFO 4h 08mnonstop 2:50 pm - 10:48 pmSFO-DFW 5h 58m1 stop $175United Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Mon, Feb 5 10:42 pm - 12:47 amDFW-SFO 4h 05mnonstop 11:56 am - 5:24 pmSFO-DFW 3h 28mnonstop $204American Airlines Find Deal Mon, Feb 26 - Tue, Feb 27 5:50 am - 1:00 pmDFW-SFO 9h 10m1 stop 12:30 am - 10:04 amSFO-DFW 7h 34m1 stop $217Delta Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Tue, Feb 6 3:30 pm - 8:02 pmDFW-SFO 6h 32m1 stop 6:00 am - 2:19 pmSFO-DFW 6h 19m1 stop $247Delta Find Deal Sun, Dec 24 - Fri, Jan 5 Show more results Flights from Dallas to San Francisco - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dallas to San Francisco to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco is February, where tickets cost $178 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $278 and $261 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $74 on Frontier, followed by American Airlines ($170). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $35 on Frontier and from $85 on American Airlines. Which airlines fly non-stop between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and San Francisco? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco. They are: American Airlines, Frontier and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $65 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and San Francisco per day? Each day, there are between 7 and 11 nonstop flights that take off from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and land in San Francisco, with an average flight time of 4h 00m. The most common departure time is 3:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 59 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and San Francisco? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco take? Direct flights take on average 3h 56m to travel the 1,461 miles between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and San Francisco. What’s the earliest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport at 5:51 am and will be landing in San Francisco at 8:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco jets off at 10:41 pm and lands at 12:36 am. Good to know Low season April High season December Cheapest flight $35 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 3% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 22% increase in price. Flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco When to book flights from Dallas to San Francisco Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dallas to San Francisco based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco flights Are there onsite airport hotels at San Francisco International Airport? The Grand Hyatt is the only onsite hotel at San Francisco International Airport. Easily reached by taking the AirTrain, the hotel offers amazing views of the Bay and is only a half hour’s train ride away from the heart of San Francisco. The Best Western Plus El Rancho Inn is just south of the Airport and offers a 24-hour airport transfer service. What are the best attractions at Dallas-Fort Worth Airport? Before you take your flight to San Francisco, make you sure you admire the public art pieces and inspiring walking paths featuring more than 30 works of local and international artists, including sculptures, mosaics, paintings, and more. You will find these pieces of art in International Terminal D and the Skylink stations at Dallas-Fort Worth Airport. Which terminal has the most dining options in Dallas-Fort Worth Airport? From pretzels to bagels, Terminal C has the best range of restaurants to suit every palate. Take a table at Bleu Mediterranean Bar for creative Mediterranean-inspired dishes or Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen for fresh fish. If you want Asian street food, head to Bahn Shop; otherwise, there is plenty of Mexican fare at Pappasito’s Cantina. Are there any pet relief areas at San Francisco International Airport? If you are traveling with a pet or service animal, you need to be aware of the various Animal Relief Areas when you land at San Francisco International Airport. Follow the painted paw-prints on the Arrivals Level terminal walkways, which lead to eight outdoor Animal Relief Areas. Do I need a passport to fly between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and San Francisco? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco flight route: American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Japan Airlines, Delta, Korean Air, JetBlue, and Cape Air. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco? The Airbus A319 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and San Francisco, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco? There are nonstop flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Dallas to San Francisco, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Dallas to San Francisco are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $233 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $288 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to San Francisco from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to San Francisco with an airline and back to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and SFO can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to San Francisco from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from DFW to San Francisco Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $134 or less one-way and $124 or less round-trip. Planning on booking a flight from Dallas to San Francisco? When you land in San Francisco, you need to decide where you want to stay in the city. San Francisco International Airport is only 3 miles south of downtown San Francisco and is also close to Millbrae and San Bruno. Your other option is Oakland Airport, which is a 21-minute train journey away from downtown San Francisco. If you have time to kill before your flight from Dallas to San Francisco departs, why not purchase an access pass for one of the several airline lounges located in Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport? The American Airlines Admirals Club has four locations in Terminals A, B, C, and D and provides a variety of unique amenities, including access to showers, a music room, and a children’s room. Interested in finding a way to keep you and your family entertained at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport? Pay a visit to the airport’s Flight Path Museum, which is located inside the Main Terminal. This museum offers free entrance to travelers and contains a variety of artifacts and exhibits related to Southern California’s aviation history. Hoping to have a bit of extra legroom during your flight from Dallas to San Francisco? If you require more leg space on your flight to San Francisco, why not book with United Airlines? They provide Economy Plus seating, which features up to 15 cm (5.9 inches) of extra legroom. They also offer preferred seating, which means that you can sit at the front of the United Economy cabin. If you fly into San Francisco International Airport and would like to use public transportation to get to your final destination, consider using the local rapid rail system. BART offers a service to northern San Mateo County, San Francisco, and the East Bay from the airport. The BART Station is located in the International Terminal on the departures level. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Dallas/Fort Worth to San Francisco? Find which airlines fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth to San Francisco, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Dallas/Fort Worth to San Francisco Search Flights Monday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +13 more ANA, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Tuesday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +15 more ANA, Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +15 more ANA, Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Thursday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +15 more ANA, Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Friday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +15 more ANA, Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Saturday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +16 more ANA, Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Sunday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +16 more ANA, Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 See more direct flights Nonstop returns San Francisco to Dallas/Fort Worth Search Flights Monday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +13 more ANA, Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Tuesday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +15 more ANA, Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +15 more ANA, Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Thursday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +16 more ANA, Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Friday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +14 more ANA, Air Canada, +15 more 13 14 Saturday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +17 more ANA, Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Sunday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +15 more ANA, Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Dallas to San Francisco See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Dallas to San Francisco. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dallas to San Francisco? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29977 reviews 85overall 85boarding 79food 82comfort 88crew 78entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Plenty of space since flight was empty." Cons: "I have flown Alaska many many times and this was by far the worst service I ever received. The flight attendants were so very inattentive. I actually had to take my garbage, plastic cups and recyclables to the back where the flight attendant was sitting down, reading a magazine as she was eating her yogurt. I asked her if I could dispose of the items and she reluctantly answered without taking her eyes of the celebrity gossip magazine ... really??? Omg!! I couldn’t believe it!!"Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "Plenty of space since flight was empty." Cons: "I have flown Alaska many many times and this was by far the worst service I ever received. The flight attendants were so very inattentive. I actually had to take my garbage, plastic cups and recyclables to the back where the flight attendant was sitting down, reading a magazine as she was eating her yogurt. I asked her if I could dispose of the items and she reluctantly answered without taking her eyes of the celebrity gossip magazine ... really??? Omg!! I couldn’t believe it!!" Cons: "Flight on time and not wait 30 min on the runway to get to a gate once landed" Pros: "The seat was nice." Cons: "Offered water or Orange juice in a can due to a short flight. I may recommend no canned orange juice, due to the quality ingredients and something more freshly squeezed for health benefits. And offers coffee or tea." Pros: "Crew were very attentive and hospitable to the crew. I have been flying ASIANA many times and enjoy the flight as well." Pros: "NOTHING ㅗ" Cons: "GROUND SERVICE. The flight was delayed causing me to miss my connecting flight. The ground staff at BWI said they could do nothing about it. I spent an extra $1000." Pros: "Flight was ok." Cons: "They took away our seats and then gave us new ones but we were separated. My son is 2 and I was t able to sit with him and my wife." Cons: "Bathrooms were not maintained during duration of flight. With airlines like Delta and JetBlue stepping up their in-flight service Alaska needs to get with the program. I think everyone and their mothers we're in boarding group C but yet no one was in A...make it more dispersed." Pros: "The female attendant went above and beyond. She was kind, thorough, and helped make the flight the best I’ve been on with Alaska Airlines so far!" Pros: "One beverage cart pass during a very long flight. No food available unless preordered. Not even the obligatory mini pretzels." Pros: "Always great service on the flight." Cons: "Had to wait for >30 mins at DFW Alaska ticket counter since there was no agent at the gate to drop off bags already ticketed. Had to call airport central control to have an agent paged. Sign on counter said open at 10am and when spoke to Alaska agent Andy P. He said sign was wrong though there was already a line of customers and just walked away. It was only after a 2nd overhead page for an agent that 2 ladies appeared. Luckily, I wasn't in a hurry and may have missed my flight." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and took good care of the passengers" Pros: "Fast flight" Cons: "In one hour flight we could have some drinks and food. Snacks... can’t believe they don’t have any food/alcohol" Pros: "The crew was great and the service was quick and very nice." Cons: "It sounds weird but I didn’t know which window was mine so I had one shut and the one in front of me shut during the flight." Cons: "We were already very delayed, the flight crew was not nice" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The three hour delay, the not having a pilot which delayed us even more, and then reduced service during the flight because they rushed us." Pros: "It is a busy travel day and this flight was unbelievably smooth. The entire crew was competent and friendly." Pros: "The comfort the professionalism of the staff everywhere I went" Cons: "Little pricey on rental and hotel." Cons: "Sat on the runway for over an hour to get the gate. Unacceptable." Pros: "The flight left on time and landed 15 mins early. Staff was nice and attentive." Cons: "The organization for boarding in zones." Pros: "Mobile entertainment was great and the crew was lovely." Cons: "Our flight was delayed, which is a understandable part of travel. But what made it worse was that we didn’t have any visibility on our actually departure time. We were first told our flight would be delayed an hour, then the departure time was moved up 40 minutes without any clear messaging. We caught an email from Delta, but if we hadn’t, we might have missed our flight. The plane was also abnormally loud on board, and the air pressure seemed to fluctuate throughout the flight, making the experience uncomfortable." Pros: "Crew and gate staff very helpful (see below)." Cons: "I needed wheelchair assist at both ends. In each case I was waiting over 30 min. At the departure end there was a danger of missing the flight so one of the gate staff wheeled me, Amina was amazing. Another long wait at SFO. I spent almost as much time waiting for wheelchairs as I did on the flight!" Pros: "Flight attendant Susan was wonderful. Very friendly, professional, and helpful." Pros: "Check in was easy and quick" Cons: "Plane could have been cleaner. Price is ok, but not as good as it seems once you add luggage." Pros: "Crew was great!" Cons: "I didn’t realize I had to pay for a carry on" Pros: "The crew was absolutely wonderful And seat was the most comfortable ever" Cons: "Hidden cost. Late flight. Had to take bus to the plane" Cons: "Late departure by 1 hour. Then had to wait 55 minutes at the luggage pick up in SFO" Cons: "They charged for my carrie on! I didnt have o pay when I flu with you guys! I was surprised!!!!!!!!" Cons: "We were fully boarded and then were delayed 1 hour without any explanation. They also had poor in flight service and very uncomfortable seats. No leg room at all and if the person put their seat back the 5 degrees it could move, there was no way to be comfortable because the seat in front presses against my knees." Pros: "The plane was not full so seating was comfortable." Cons: "Check in line was really long. But luckily the terminal was small so I still made it to my flight on time." Missed my second flight because the first one was 1.5 hours delayed. Two hours on the plane and we all had to change the plane. Absolutely horrible experience. Never flying American Airlines again Pros: "Literally nothing" Cons: "After sitting on the plane for over an hour we had to change planes. Notice that our aircraft isn’t working properly before you board it would be helpful so we aren’t 2 hours behind schedule having to sit on a hot airplane during covid" Pros: "Again the flight did not happen since my flight from Munich to Dallas was cancelled without informing me why and so on." Pros: "I made it safely" Cons: "Delayed twice, had to circle at destination, gate wasn’t ready." Pros: "The crew made the best situation" Cons: "Not loose my luggage Not change my seat from first class to coach" Cons: "Leave on time! On this round trip there were 4 segments and 3 of the 4 flights were late!" Cons: "No power outlets at the seats? How old is this plane? As a Gold customer, I should I have had ever opportunity to try to fit my bag in an overhead before having it checked, not taken away from me. How come we haven’t used tech to know how much room is left?" Pros: "Entertainment system was up to date with personal screens." Cons: "Flight was delayed by an hour. The new departure time was moved twice after we were already invited for boarding. Attendants failed to communicate new times or make any announcements absolutely whatsoever. Just stood in line to board for almost an hour." Pros: "The crew made the best out fo the terrible situation." Cons: "Right after we boarded the plane our flight was delayed because of thunder. Instead of keeping us from boarding until our flight was clear to go. We stayed on the airplane at the gate for over 3 hours. In those 3 hours we were served pretzels and one cup of water. When the legal time limit had been reached and they were about make us exit the plane they decided we could take off." Pros: "Entertainment selection" Cons: "Minimal leg room Not allowed to bring bag aboard. Told bins were full even though there was AMPLE Space in the overhead in my row. Onboard crew unhelpful. Baggage intended for carry on got “temporarily” delayed 45 min additional at baggage claim. wait was 1 1/2 hours." Cons: "The flight was delayed over an hour. Because of that, I missed my appointment." Pros: "We paid for extra leg room but did not receive it. Our complaint to the staff was dismissed without a care. We will be taking our business to Alaska Airlines in the future." Cons: "Everything" Pros: "Crew was nice. Enjoyed watching one stewardess train another. Very smooth landing in Redding." Cons: "Flight delayed for about 20-30 minutes with personnel entering and exiting aircraft with no explanation for passengers after pilot had announced we would be leaving “on time.”" Cons: "The uNited app could not stream video well. The connection was too slow. Too much buffering." Pros: "the entertainment program was good, and the plane in good shape" Cons: "food was terrible" Pros: "Great smooth boarding process, prompt flight, and helpful flight staff. Bathrooms were clean and convenient" Cons: "As is typical for airplanes, uncomfortable seats and little space to maneuver into the isle." Cons: "That I could only have one carry on an my purse was considered two, really and it was a small purse." Pros: "Fast and effective. On time and crew was nice and helpful." Cons: "They passed out drinks late !! Too close to landing time ." Pros: "That I landed safely." Cons: "Shady practices with "convenient" Basic Economy. No carry on allowed and charging for a carry on. Flight was delayed twice. Total of a 2 hour 20 min delay. I could've stayed home and slept longer...." Pros: "N/A" Cons: "Everything was trerrible on this flight! We were delayed from our first connecting flight out to SF to LA and we're put on a different flight connecting to Houston to get us home sooner. We were told by the gentleman at the check in that our correct boarding passes with our seats sitting all together would be given to us at the boarding desk. That was the biggest mistake ever to take this flight because we were then delayed 3 more hrs! Not only that but when I approached the next gentleman at the boarding desk in Houston he was super rude! He was yelling at me when I told them that "they in Dallas,the worker at the check in" told me to get my boarding passes in Houston. He kept yelling saying "there was nothing he could do that he could do that he didn't know who THEY were but that I was talking to him now and that's why he is saying" I tried explaining to him that I just wanted to make sure I got in the right flight home because this is what I was told to do by the employee in Dallas. Not only that but our connecting flight to Houston was horrible! The flight attendant (the male) was very very rude!!! He also was yelling at my niece and nephew when we were trying to put the carry on bags in the compartment. And telling us we could have anything underneath the seat when clearly we could have our personal item underneath. Overall we had the worst experience with United and will never again fly with them! I understand delays may happen but there's no need for the employees to be so rude. so much for their customers service!" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Dallas to San Francisco Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Dallas to San Francisco found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 4h 19mDFW-SFO $35 Search 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 4h 19mDFW-SFO $37 Search 1/30Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 00mDFW-SFO $85 Search 5/22Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 39mDFW-SFO $155 Search 1/9Tue 2 stopsDelta 10h 03mDFW-SFO $157 Search 12/25Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 4h 08mDFW-SFO $170 Search 1/12Fri 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 9h 58mDFW-SFO $177 Search 3/2Sat 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 19h 59mDFW-SFO $178 Search 3/22Fri 1 stopDelta 6h 03mDFW-SFO $179 Search 1/6Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 4h 08mDFW-SFO $184 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$40 or less$160 or less$170 or less$180 or less$180 or less Last minute flights from Dallas to San Francisco Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Dallas to San Francisco that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 4h 19mDFW-SFO 12/14Thu multi-stopFrontier 10h 30mSFO-DFW $128 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 4h 19mDFW-SFO 12/9Sat multi-stopFrontier 15h 30mSFO-DFW $135 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 52mDFW-SFO 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 32mSFO-DFW $516 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 35mDFW-SFO 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 32mSFO-DFW $525 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 8h 52mDFW-SFO 12/6Wed multi-stopDelta 7h 45mSFO-DFW $549 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 4h 03mDFW-SFO 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 04mSFO-DFW $554 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 02mDFW-SFO 12/13Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 04mSFO-DFW $582 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 10h 48mDFW-SFO 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 7h 53mSFO-DFW $596 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 10h 59mDFW-SFO 12/7Thu multi-stopAlaska Airlines 13h 05mSFO-DFW $854 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 10h 59mDFW-SFO 12/9Sat multi-stopAlaska Airlines 15h 59mSFO-DFW $858 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$140 or less$530 or less$550 or less$600 or less$860 or less Dallas/Fort Worth Airport - San Francisco Flights Departure: Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW)United States Destination: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: San Francisco - Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Cabin classes: $953 First Class flights to San Francisco $999 Business Class flights to San Francisco $676 Prem Econ Class flights to San Francisco $43 Economy Class flights to San Francisco Browse origins: Flights » United States » Texas » Dallas » Dallas/Fort Worth Airport $98Flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to San Francisco Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » San Francisco $98Flights to San Francisco, San Francisco Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Houston Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Burbank Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search San Francisco flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to San Francisco from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to San Francisco from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.