Cheap Flights from Vancouver Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi from C$ 699 | (YVR - BKK) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YVR - BKK Find cheap flights from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from C$ 699 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 28/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Bangkok. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Bangkok. How much is the cheapest flight from Vancouver Intl to Suvarnabhumi?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Vancouver Intl to Suvarnabhumi that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:40 p.m. - 12:05 p.m.YVR-BKK 32h 25m1 stop 11:10 p.m. - 11:30 a.m.BKK-YVR 27h 20m1 stop C$ 745 Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Wed, 17 Jan 3:15 p.m. - 5:10 a.m.YVR-BKK 22h 55m1 stop 9:25 a.m. - 1:45 p.m.BKK-YVR 19h 20m1 stop C$ 764ANA Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 3:15 p.m. - 5:10 a.m.YVR-BKK 22h 55m1 stop 9:25 a.m. - 1:45 p.m.BKK-YVR 19h 20m1 stop C$ 765ANA Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 3:15 p.m. - 5:10 a.m.YVR-BKK 22h 55m1 stop 9:25 a.m. - 1:45 p.m.BKK-YVR 19h 20m1 stop C$ 766ANA Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Wed, 31 Jan 3:15 p.m. - 5:10 a.m.YVR-BKK 22h 55m1 stop 10:50 p.m. - 1:45 p.m.BKK-YVR 29h 55m1 stop C$ 767ANA Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Wed, 17 Jan 12:15 a.m. - 11:00 a.m.YVR-BKK 20h 45m1 stop 8:10 p.m. - 8:45 a.m.BKK-YVR 26h 35m1 stop C$ 849Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 25 Apr - Wed, 15 May 3:00 p.m. - 12:05 a.m.YVR-BKK 42h 05m3 stops 7:10 a.m. - 1:43 p.m.BKK-YVR 45h 33m2 stops C$ 879United Airlines Find Deal Mon, 12 Feb - Tue, 20 Feb 7:00 a.m. - 12:05 a.m.YVR-BKK 26h 05m2 stops 7:10 a.m. - 1:19 p.m.BKK-YVR 21h 09m2 stops C$ 882United Airlines Find Deal Wed, 31 Jan - Wed, 14 Feb 12:15 a.m. - 2:20 p.m.YVR-BKK 24h 05m1 stop 8:10 p.m. - 8:45 a.m.BKK-YVR 26h 35m1 stop C$ 890Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 4 Apr - Sat, 20 Apr 6:40 p.m. - 2:40 p.m.YVR-BKK 30h 00m2 stops 11:40 p.m. - 5:00 p.m.BKK-YVR 31h 20m2 stops C$ 1,016Lufthansa Find Deal Tue, 7 May - Thu, 6 Jun Show more results Flights from Vancouver Intl to Suvarnabhumi - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Vancouver Intl to Suvarnabhumi to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Vancouver Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport is February, where tickets cost C$ 1,395 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and December, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 2,174 and C$ 2,158 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 70 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on ANA (C$ 742) and United Airlines (C$ 833). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on ANA (C$ 1,037) and Air Canada (C$ 1,152). Which airlines fly direct between Vancouver Intl Airport and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. There is just one airline that flies from Vancouver Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport direct and that is Air Canada. The best one-way deal found from Air Canada for the route is C$ 1,158. How many flights are there between Vancouver Intl Airport and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Vancouver Intl Airport and lands in Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, with an average flight time of 16h 25m. The most common departure time is 10:00 p.m. and most flights take off at night. Each week, there are 4 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Vancouver Intl Airport and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport take? Direct flights cover the 18,982 km separating Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport in about 16h 25m. What’s the earliest departure time from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport at 10:45 pm and will be landing in Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport at 6:10 am. What’s the latest departure time from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport jets off at 10:45 pm and lands at 6:10 am. Good to know Low season August High season January Cheapest flight C$ 699 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 6% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 7% lower on average. Flight from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport When to book flights from Vancouver Intl to Suvarnabhumi Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Vancouver Intl to Suvarnabhumi based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport flights Are there any lounges at Vancouver International Airport? There are four Plaza Premium Lounges inside Vancouver International Airport, where travelers can wait for their flights in first-class comfort. Exclusive services include buffet meals and beverages, Wi-Fi, TVs, magazines and shower facilities. Travelers can purchase a lounge pass online or pay at the door. Can I get something to eat at Bangkok International Airport? If you are hungry upon arrival at Bangkok Airport, there are more than 50 dining outlets that are open 24/7. From sit-down restaurants to wine bars, there is something to suit every palate. Select from local Thai dishes or Japanese, Korean, Chinese and Vietnamese cuisine. Cafés, bakeries and fast-food restaurants are also available. Where is the closest hotel to Bangkok International Airport? The Miracle Transit Hotel is located on the fourth level of the airport and offers day rooms with massage services. If you need a powernap after your flight, the Boxtel and the Avagard Capsule Hotel are located on the B floor and are suitable for a short stay. The upscale Novotel Suvarnabhumi Airport Hotel is five minutes from the airport and offers amenities including transfers, a swimming pool, spa and restaurants. How can I get from the airport to downtown Bangkok? The airport is located 32 kilometers east of Bangkok. Passengers can reserve a taxi by taking a ticket from the taxi queue machine on the ground level and proceeding to the lane indicted on the ticket. A free shuttle bus connects passengers to the public transportation center and bus terminal, where they can board both the Airport Rail Link and public buses to Bangkok. Which airports will I be using when flying from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? When flying out of Vancouver you will be using Vancouver Intl. You will be landing at Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, also known as Bangkok Suvarnabhumi. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Vancouver and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. On which days can I fly direct from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? You can catch a direct flight from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport on Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from Vancouver to Bangkok, Korean Air or ANA? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Vancouver to Bangkok are Korean Air and ANA. With an average price for the route of C$ 1,557 and an overall rating of 8.7, Korean Air is the most popular choice. ANA is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 1,599 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Vancouver is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport with an airline and back to Vancouver with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Vancouver to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Vancouver up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Vancouver to Bangkok Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 1,115 or less one-way and C$ 1,761 or less round-trip. Flights from Vancouver to Bangkok usually depart from Vancouver International Airport in BC and arrive at the New Bangkok International Airport, also known as Suvarnabhumi Airport, in Thailand. A number of airlines service this route however flights usually have on layover, as there are no direct flights from Vancouver to Bangkok. Need some help with your luggage at Vancouver International Airport? Porter services can help passengers take their luggage from the curb to the check-in counters in the main terminal. Porter services are particularly useful for families with children or people travelling in large groups, and fees are calculated based on the number of bags. If you have some time before your flight, the shopping outlets at Vancouver International Airport offer a wide range of options including apparel, accessories and electronics. International travelers can shop at the duty-free outlets to purchase perfume, liquor, gourmet products and locally-produced souvenirs. If you’re travelling with children through Vancouver International Airport, play areas can be found throughout the terminal to keep them entertained. Children will also love visiting the aquarium in the International Terminal, which contains a wide variety of marine creatures and fish including wolf eels, sea urchins and sea stars. Getting a massage is one of the best ways to prepare for a long-haul flight as it helps to stimulate circulation and promote relaxation. There are four spa outlets at Vancouver International Airport that offer a wide range of spa services including massages, facials, manicures and pedicures. Haircuts and styling services are also available. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Vancouver Intl to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi? Find which airlines fly direct from Vancouver Intl to Suvarnabhumi, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Vancouver Intl to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Search flights Monday Air Canada Air Canada Tuesday Air Canada Air Canada Wednesday Air Canada Air Canada Thursday Air Canada Air Canada Friday Air Canada Air Canada Saturday Air Canada Air Canada Sunday Air Canada Air Canada See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Bangkok Suvarnabhumi to Vancouver Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada Air Canada Tuesday Air Canada Air Canada Wednesday Air Canada Air Canada Thursday Air Canada Air Canada Friday Air Canada Air Canada Saturday Air Canada Air Canada Sunday Air Canada Air Canada See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Vancouver Intl to Suvarnabhumi See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Vancouver to Bangkok. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Vancouver Intl to Suvarnabhumi? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Korean AirOverall score based on 5074 reviews 88overall 86comfort 85entertainment 84food 90crew 88boarding Airline reviews After the gauntlet of unnecessary security, and the two mile jog to make the flight, the flight was delayed 20 minutes on the ground for takeoff.. However, once in the air, the crew gave its usual excellent service.Read more about Korean Air After the gauntlet of unnecessary security, and the two mile jog to make the flight, the flight was delayed 20 minutes on the ground for takeoff.. However, once in the air, the crew gave its usual excellent service. 2 hour connection time in Seoul to make plane to Bangkok. Giant security lineup. Lots of worry over making flight reduced joy of flying via KE/Incheon. This was a repeat of my flight in Nov 2022, so apparently is the new normal for KE. Flight was boarding after I was forced to jog what seemed to be 2 miles from security to my departure gate. Please fix this. I still cannot understand that if you have already been screened in Canada for dangerous items, and there is no opportunity to obtain any between one plane and the next, why you should be screened AGAIN. Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The seat, the food, the services, the boarding could have been better!" Pros: "That the bathrooms are kept clean." Cons: "Lack of beverage service. For an 11.5 hour flight they could have come around more often to offer pop or alcoholic beverages." Pros: "Flight attendants were the friendliest and most patient I have ever experienced. Great customer service!!!" Cons: "Seats of any airplane could use improvement on comfort. But comfort was good." Pros: "The Koreans are masters at whatever they do, super clean, polite and attentive. Always a smile. I'd fly with them anytime." Cons: "They tend to keep the plane a tad warm and no individual "fresh air" control over head." Pros: "Great customer service. Flight attendants showed passengers a lot of attention. Well done." Cons: "The plane was way too hot! Being trapped in a stuffy plane for 5 hours and sweating was the worst!" Pros: "Got the seats we wanted. If you are travelling with an infant this is top priority and they delivered" Cons: "Flight delayed by an hour" Pros: "Always slippers and good seats. Lunch was good. Entertainment was just ok but good classical music selection." Cons: "The food used to be something I looked forward to, but this time the beef and rice for dinner (because chicken was already gone) was so salty and awful I had to ask to change for fish, which was flavorless. 30 minute delay on unloading luggage made the end of a long flight rough." Pros: "New plane or so it seemed. Crew very attentive to needs. Nice entertainment system with large screen." Pros: "Crews were friendly and helpful. I never had economy seat that goes as flat as theirs. I liked the safety instruction video." Cons: "They seemed to run out of food options quickly. Wasn't a problem for me. But, they should know better." Pros: "Crew was amazing, food was filling & plentiful." Cons: "Overall no complaints but the landing in Tokyo was a little rough. Pilot seemed to descend quickly which hurt my ears but otherwise, smooth flight." Pros: "Staff were friendly. Alcohol beverages are free. Good upsated movie selections." Pros: "The cabin crews were excellent. Food was delicious. Lots of leg room in Economy class. Overall had a great experience" Cons: "none" Pros: "The crew was amazing! The food was really great! And the entertainment was fantastic! I would absolutely fly with them again the next time I book a trip." Pros: "The flight was late checking in. The staff handled the situation well and kept the passengers informed." Pros: "Friendly attentive staff." Cons: "The seat was narrow and after 9 hours, not comfortable... Normal for economy though" Pros: "Crew tried to be friendly" Cons: "Slow to depart after boarding on time, with an eventual delay of 1 hour (deplaning was extremely slow) before we reached the baggage claim area. The wait for baggage took another half hour" Cons: "Couldn’t print or get boarding pass for this connecting flight which was a bit annoying. Other than that, everything was amazing" Pros: "Crew was very friendly. Flight was on time. Meals were good. Will be flying with EVA again" Pros: "Comfortable" Cons: "Need more comfortable headsets or ability to use personal earphones." Pros: "Really happy as had a exit seat so lots of leg room" Cons: "The cabin crew was rude and the food ran out. The entertainment did not work. Plus we were over an hour late once we finally got off the plane" Pros: "The crew and food was great. The legroom not so great." Pros: "This is a bit weird, but it was the first time I flew Eva economy. I've taken this route many times in business and it would take pages to go through all the things that EVA does right in business class. So I was stunned when my first time in economy was so incredibly impressive as well." Cons: "I'm really picky and there's nothing more I could have wanted in an economy flight experience." Pros: "Boarding was delayed in Taipei although the flight made it in great time" Cons: "Website" Pros: "Clean plane" Cons: "Food was horrible, flight Attendants are professional but cold as ice." Cons: "No clothes to change. My fruits were expired because off the luggages not come to the destination." Pros: "Great fried fish for pre-ordered meal. Comfortable crew service for whole flight." Pros: "The A330, despite being an old plane, had really good recline." Cons: "The entertainment was very outdated." Pros: "The service as usual on Qatar is excellent" Cons: "2-2-2 setup is old style for business class and while the seats were nice it means either you are stuck by the window or need to move to let others out in the aisle" Pros: "All crews are helpful especially to parents traveling with young kid." Cons: "More variety of food would be great" Pros: "Good Service.Efficient" Cons: "No Phone charging facilities on back of the seat unlike other Qatar aircraft." Pros: "The Crew was amazing. The Seat were the best Selling point fort business class" Cons: "More space for the arm rest ans legs space" Cons: "Very poor meal for vegetarians on one flight (toasted veggies on a tiny round bun)." Pros: "Good service/Crew food quality and choice good." Cons: "Need more choice of British TV Programmes rather than American" Pros: "Good leg space, friendly crew, excellent plane." Cons: "This is for ALL airlines: It takes so long to get off the plane!" Pros: "Plane was very empty so it allowed us to spread out." Cons: "Cabin noise was loud. There was a high pitched whine throughout the whole trip." Pros: "Gave food vouchers due to extended layover. Marché food quality is average at best." Cons: "Biggest problem was late arrival, missing connection. Lateness caused by them at first, then a departing passenger caused further delay. But they were late to begin with. Next problem was their REFUSAL to give me an aisle seat. I reserved an aisle seat originally, aisle seats were available when I tried to change, but agent REFUSED to accommodate me with either aisle or window. Sat in middle with huge guy next to me. Very uncomfortable. Food was mediocre on this leg. Oh, and late departing AGAIN. Will seriously look for other options on next trip." Pros: "Asiana does it all right! Easy check in, great cabin crew and aircraft to tasty food (especially their Korean choices) and service level" Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "Food and service was excellent" Cons: "No wifi, the entertainment unit required a dual jack head phone set and I couldn’t use my noise canceling headphones. Also had to pay 150 dollars for my 2nd bag. Way too expensive!" Cons: "The crew didn’t help on putting my carry on luggage into the overhead cabinet, I’m not tall enough to do this so I dropped my carry on luggage on the floor. Luckily didn’t hurt any people and a Hong Kong lady helped me on this. Besides, One of my luggage was missing, I’m still waiting for them to let me know where my luggage is. This is the first time I took Asiana Airline, according to all those bad experiences, I doubt whether I’ll take Asiana Airline again." Cons: "not enough movie choices. Flight delayed 30 minutes, had to deplane on tarmac & ride shuttle bus to terminal, waited 30 minutes for luggage causing passengers from another flight arriving later to get taxis first so had to wait another 30 minutes for available taxis." Pros: "Staff and flight crew all very nice and profressional and attentive; bags arrived at final destination - no issues with missing luggage" Cons: "Another delay from icn to bkk, No meal on this 6hr flight! Catering issue, so no dinner... just a pack of peanuts, literally. Seats very uncomfortable in economy, lack cushioning" Pros: "The cew is very friendly but need to improve their English." Cons: "Entertainment system. Food options. General service offering in business class" Cons: "Old aircraft, seats uncomfortable, not much better than economy class. Rick" Pros: "The crew was nice and friendly. The flight was on time" Cons: "The boarding is always disorganized. I didn't eat the food because it didn't appeal to me. The seat was lumpy and really compact." Pros: "Same comfort as my flight from Honolulu to Seoul." Cons: "The technology of the in-flight entertainment console. Outdated and less movies to choose from." Pros: "Food was great, love the extra leg room as a 6ft tall guy, flight attendants were awesome" Cons: "Everything was great" Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 EVA Air8.5 Qatar Airways8.2 Asiana Airlines8.2 Book cheap flights from Vancouver to Bangkok Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Vancouver to Bangkok found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 28/1Sun 3 stops 35h 30mYVR-BKK C$ 515 Search 28/1Sun 3 stops 35h 30mYVR-BKK C$ 524 Search 3/4Wed 2 stopsAir Canada 44h 00mYVR-BKK C$ 620 Search 26/4Fri 1 stopAir Canada 20h 45mYVR-BKK C$ 662 Search 26/2Mon 1 stopChina Airlines 21h 30mYVR-BKK C$ 846 Search 25/1Thu 1 stopChina Airlines 21h 30mYVR-BKK C$ 862 Search 2/1Tue 1 stopEVA Air 21h 20mYVR-BKK C$ 951 Search 5/12Tue 1 stopEVA Air 21h 20mYVR-BKK C$ 967 Search 8/12Fri 2 stopsKorean Air 24h 30mYVR-BKK C$ 999 Search 30/12Sat 2 stopsKorean Air 24h 55mYVR-BKK C$ 1,023 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir CanadaChina AirlinesEVA AirKorean Air Search by priceC$ 520 or lessC$ 660 or lessC$ 860 or lessC$ 970 or lessC$ 1,020 or less Last minute flights from Vancouver Intl to Suvarnabhumi Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Vancouver to Bangkok that are departing in the next 10 days. 1/12Fri multi-stopANA 41h 50mYVR-BKK 10/1Wed multi-stopANA 29h 55mBKK-YVR C$ 790 Search 3/12Sun multi-stop 50h 30mYVR-BKK 12/12Tue multi-stop 27h 25mBKK-YVR C$ 1,246 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopEVA Air 34h 10mYVR-BKK 20/12Wed multi-stopEVA Air 18h 55mBKK-YVR C$ 1,542 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopChina Airlines 18h 15mYVR-BKK 9/12Sat multi-stopChina Airlines 30h 00mBKK-YVR C$ 1,553 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopChina Airlines 25h 10mYVR-BKK 19/12Tue multi-stopChina Airlines 30h 00mBKK-YVR C$ 1,554 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopKorean Air 27h 20mYVR-BKK 9/1Tue multi-stopKorean Air 29h 39mBKK-YVR C$ 1,586 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopKorean Air 23h 45mYVR-BKK 21/12Thu multi-stopKorean Air 32h 01mBKK-YVR C$ 1,621 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopEVA Air 20h 25mYVR-BKK 11/12Mon multi-stopEVA Air 31h 20mBKK-YVR C$ 1,677 Search 3/12Sun directAir Canada 16h 25mYVR-BKK 13/12Wed directAir Canada 13h 15mBKK-YVR C$ 2,001 Search 3/12Sun directAir Canada 16h 25mYVR-BKK 22/12Fri directAir Canada 13h 15mBKK-YVR C$ 2,083 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineANAEVA AirChina AirlinesKorean AirAir Canada Search by priceC$ 1,250 or lessC$ 1,550 or lessC$ 1,590 or lessC$ 1,680 or lessC$ 2,080 or less Vancouver - Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport Flights Departure: Vancouver (YVR)Canada Destination: Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport (BKK)Thailand Return flight deals: Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport - Vancouver Cabin classes: First Class flights to Bangkok Business Class flights to Bangkok Prem Econ Class flights to Bangkok C$ 1,511 Economy Class flights to Bangkok Browse origins: Flights » Canada » British Columbia » Vancouver Airport C$ 1,011Flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Thailand » Bangkok » Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport C$ 1,011Flights to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Ottawa Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Kelowna Flights to Kamloops Flights to Yellowknife Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Vancouver. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Vancouver. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.