Cheap Flights from Washington Dulles to Rome from $279 | (IAD - ROM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW IAD - ROM Find cheap flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome from $279 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Rome These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Washington, D.C. to Rome. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Washington, D.C. to Rome. How much is the cheapest flight from Dulles Intl to Rome?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dulles Intl to Rome that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:40 pm - 1:30 pmIAD-FCO 11h 50m1 stop 11:45 am - 6:20 pmFCO-IAD 12h 35m1 stop $415Icelandair Find Deal Tue, Jan 2 - Thu, Jan 11 8:35 pm - 3:00 pmIAD-FCO 12h 25m1 stop 4:00 pm - 7:15 pmFCO-IAD 33h 15m1 stop $416Icelandair Find Deal Sat, Apr 13 - Wed, Apr 24 6:05 pm - 11:55 pmIAD-FCO 23h 50m1 stop 7:20 am - 4:55 pmFCO-IAD 39h 35m2 stops $419 Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Sun, Dec 17 6:00 pm - 10:55 amIAD-FCO 11h 55m1 stop 11:40 am - 8:10 pmFCO-IAD 13h 30m1 stop $538Aer Lingus Find Deal Mon, Mar 11 - Wed, Mar 20 5:00 pm - 10:55 amIAD-FCO 11h 55m1 stop 11:40 am - 7:10 pmFCO-IAD 13h 30m1 stop $548Aer Lingus Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Sun, Dec 17 4:40 pm - 7:15 amIAD-FCO 8h 35mnonstop 10:20 am - 2:35 pmFCO-IAD 10h 15mnonstop $553ITA Airways Find Deal Fri, Mar 1 - Fri, Mar 8 5:45 pm - 8:30 amIAD-FCO 8h 45mnonstop 10:30 am - 3:05 pmFCO-IAD 10h 35mnonstop $562Lufthansa Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sun, Dec 17 5:45 pm - 8:30 amIAD-FCO 8h 45mnonstop 10:30 am - 3:05 pmFCO-IAD 10h 35mnonstop $563Lufthansa Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Sun, Dec 17 5:45 pm - 8:30 amIAD-FCO 8h 45mnonstop 9:55 am - 6:32 pmFCO-IAD 14h 37m1 stop $573United Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Mon, Dec 18 4:00 pm - 6:55 amIAD-FCO 32h 55m1 stop 10:20 am - 2:35 pmFCO-IAD 10h 15mnonstop $580ITA Airways Find Deal Sun, Feb 18 - Sat, Mar 2 Show more results Flights from Dulles Intl to Rome - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dulles Intl to Rome to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Rome flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Rome. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Rome cost $358 and was between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and Rome Fiumicino Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $555. What is the cheapest month to fly from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Rome? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Rome is February, where tickets cost $712 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,554 and $1,528 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Rome? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Rome, you should book around 0 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 7 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Scandinavian Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $306. KAYAK users also found Washington Dulles Airport to Rome round-trip flights on Icelandair from $415 and on Scandinavian Airlines from $428. Which airlines fly non-stop between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and Rome? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Rome. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Rome. They are ITA Airways and United Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is ITA Airways, with the best one-way deal found costing $568. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at ITA Airways. How many flights are there between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and Rome per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 2 nonstop flights that take off from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and land in Rome, with an average flight time of 8h 42m. The most common departure time is 5:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon, while the most flights land at Rome Fiumicino Airport. Each week, there are 10 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and Rome? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome take? Direct flights take on average 8h 35m to travel the 4,497 miles between Washington Dulles Airport and Rome. What’s the earliest departure time from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport at 4:30 pm and will be landing in Rome at 7:05 am. What’s the latest departure time from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Rome jets off at 5:45 pm and lands at 8:30 am. Good to know Low season February High season June Cheapest flight $279 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 31% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 44% increase in price. Flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome Fiumicino Airport When to book flights from Dulles Intl to Rome Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dulles Intl to Rome based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Washington Dulles Airport to Rome flights What are the parking rates at Dulles International Airport (IAD)? There are three parking options within the airport. The terminal parking lot charges approximately $6 per hour and around $25 per 24h period. Garage 1 and 2 have their hourly rates at around $6 and approximately $17 per 24h. Lastly, there is the Economy lot, which costs around $12 per 24h. Are there accessible services at Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino International Airport (FCO)? The two airports in Rome, Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino International Airport (FCO) and Rome Ciampino Airport (CIA), both offer the Care to Fly program, which allows people with reduced mobility to book assistance from and to the airport at affordable rates. It will cost approximately €45 ($52) when using a standard car and around €75 ($87) for a minivan. What types of flights are available from Dulles International Airport (IAD) to Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino International Airport (FCO)? There are direct and connecting flights from Dulles International Airport (IAD) to Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino International Airport (FCO). However, United Airlines is the only airline offering direct flights between the destinations. It also offers flights with layovers at Munich International Airport (MUC) and Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ). Aer Lingus Airlines also has flights with a layover at Dublin International Airport (DUB). TAP Air Portugal flights have a layover at Lisbon Humberto Delgado International Airport (LIS). Lufthansa Airlines also offers flights with layovers at Munich International Airport (MUC) and Frankfurt International Airport (FRA). Air Canada offers flights with layovers at Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ). Can I exchange currency at Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino International Airport (FCO)? There are a couple of locations within the airport where you can convert your currencies to euros for convenient use in Rome. These counters are in Terminal 3 in the boarding areas E51 and E35. E35 is located in the Satellite Area, near Gate G5. Do I need a passport to fly between Washington Dulles Airport and Rome? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Washington Dulles Airport and on arrival in Rome. Which airports will I be using when flying from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome? When flying out of Washington Dulles Airport you will be using Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl. You will be landing at one of these airports: Rome Ciampino or Rome Fiumicino. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome? Air France, Iberia, KLM, Finnair, and British Airways offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Washington Dulles Airport to Rome flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome? The Boeing 777 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Washington Dulles Airport to Rome flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Washington Dulles Airport and Rome, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome? There are nonstop flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Washington, D.C. to Rome, Turkish Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Washington, D.C. to Rome are Turkish Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $754 and an overall rating of 7.9, Turkish Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $958 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Rome from Washington Dulles Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Rome with an airline and back to Washington Dulles Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Rome? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Rome from Washington Dulles Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Washington, D.C. to Rome Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $454 or less one-way and $651 or less round-trip. Rome has two airports, Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino International Airport (FCO) and Rome Ciampino Airport (CIA). Although Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino International Airport (FCO) is Rome's main airport, Rome Ciampino Airport (CIA) is closer to Rome's city center, as it is only 8 miles away. Dulles International Airport (IAD) has two midfield terminals and one main terminal. It also has four airside concourses in parallel to the terminals. The passengers get moved conveniently about the concourses by the Aerotrain, or you can also use the walkway. To ride on the train, you will first need to clear international customs. There is a designated Pet Relief Area in Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino International Airport (FCO). It is located in Terminal 3's Arrival area outside Door 2 in the direction toward the Kiss and Go Parking. The most convenient way to travel from downtown Washington to Dulles International Airport (IAD) is by using the Silver Line Express Bus, which will take about 15min to complete the journey. It will cost around $5. Dulles International Airport (IAD) has a children's play area near Gate B70 in Concourse B of the airport. The area has a Hyper Wing, a Supersonic Jet for children to climb on board, and a Tommy Tower for them to slide down. Dulles International Airport (IAD) has a few currency exchange locations, with one in Concourse D at Gate D16, and another in Concourse C at Gate C12 and C8. Another currency exchange location is between Concourse A and B at Gate A32. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl to Rome? Find which airlines fly direct from Dulles Intl to Rome, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl to Rome Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +4 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +4 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +4 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Friday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +4 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Saturday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +4 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +4 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +5 more 3 4 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Rome to Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +4 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Thursday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Friday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Saturday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Sunday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Dulles Intl to Rome See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Washington, D.C. to Rome. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dulles Intl to Rome? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82overall 82boarding 77entertainment 86crew 78comfort 79food Airline reviews A lot of things could have been better. They lost our luggage. We missed our connection from YVR to Naples when we arrived in Zurich and then we got re-routed to Rome and then Naples. We eventually got to Naples but our bags didn’t. Our experience at the lost luggage in the Naples was not at all reassuring. They didn’t seem that interested in our problem. I did a live chat with Swiss customer service and all they could do is tell me to follow the process. Meanwhile we’ve had to spend significant money on clothes and I have to replace medications. This has meant our trip so far has been totally different than what we had planned. It’s not clear that our baggage will ever show up which means we will have lost significant amount of clothing and other things and our two month trip to Europe will have more problems than good memories. So far we are not happy.Read more about SWISS A lot of things could have been better. They lost our luggage. We missed our connection from YVR to Naples when we arrived in Zurich and then we got re-routed to Rome and then Naples. We eventually got to Naples but our bags didn’t. Our experience at the lost luggage in the Naples was not at all reassuring. They didn’t seem that interested in our problem. I did a live chat with Swiss customer service and all they could do is tell me to follow the process. Meanwhile we’ve had to spend significant money on clothes and I have to replace medications. This has meant our trip so far has been totally different than what we had planned. It’s not clear that our baggage will ever show up which means we will have lost significant amount of clothing and other things and our two month trip to Europe will have more problems than good memories. So far we are not happy. Pros: "Entertainment" Cons: "I requested a vegan vegetarian meal and did not get it. I had to do with the regular meal which had a lot of dairy products to which I am allergic to. The space between rows of seats. It was really crammed in Economy and we are a petite thin family!" Pros: "Amazing - they had a full dinner for a 9:55pm flight, with real silverware, complementary alcohol, for economy passengers! Crew extremely professional and efficient." Cons: "Flight was delayed and missed 2nd flight due to delay" Cons: "1.5 hour delay departing put a slight damper on this flight but otherwise it was fine." Pros: "the CREW WAS FRIENDLY AND CELEBRATING EASTER WITH THE GUESTS" Cons: "THE FOOD WAS ADEQUATE, GIVEN THAT WE WERE ON AN AIRPLANE" Pros: "Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Hand carry was checked 3 different times. Goes to show that Swiss staff doesn’t trust its colleagues to determine if the bag passes muster." Pros: "The space of the seat is wide. Nice chocolate." Cons: "First, they announced that they need some passengers to voluntarily give up the booking in exchange for 280 refunds (a slightly higher rate which not worth to do it) and 1 stopover the fight to Rome which will arrive at 22.00 instead (our flight is 17.35). About 15 minutes before boarding time, they announced flight delaying. Around 17.45, they announced gate changing from B to A which located at opposite side of the the airport so all passengers run there because of everyone afraid that their booking might be canceled because no one agrees to give up. At both gates, many people try to jump in the queue which no staff comes in the manage the queue. During waiting on the board, the air condition seems to be closed, hard to breathe. Around 19.00, the plane took off the Zurich airport eventually, finish the 1.5 hours delay. The captain announced that it cause by the technical problem of the flight earlier but my thinking it cause from over-booking." Pros: "There was too little space between rows. Sometimes it was too difficult to watch a movie because the screen was too close to my face." Pros: "787 is an excellent plane and I could sleep a little" Cons: "I was boarding at gate C4. Doesn't anyone get it ! Using the word "bomb" in airports is a big no-no however C4 is OK? Even a little old lady knows what C4 stands for." Crew was great. Food and entertainment was great. There was plenty of leg room sitting in a economy seat. That being said put thicker padding at the lower part of the seat. The person seated behind me was very tall and their knees were pushed into my back the entire flight. I understand having to move your legs but it was moving into my back for a 9 hour flight! Pros: "The crew was very attentive and had great personality. They anticipated any needs we had." Pros: "The plane was nice" Cons: "I’m still sitting in Minneapolis so I would have liked to be at my destination. And I had to pay for the overnight accommodations." Pros: "Entertainment was awesome. Although airlines are stingy with snacks, Delta had a good overall selection and very generous." Cons: "Something that cant be changed overnight, however, there should be a little more Aisle space for folks pass through as my shoulder was getting beat up after every passing person and cart." Pros: "Crew was friendly." Cons: "Wish the seat was more comfortable. Landing was jittery and bumpy." Pros: "The flight attendant from IAD to MSP called Bernadette was wonderful!" Pros: "Crew stepped up when we were delayed. In Flight entertainment was nice to help pass the time." Cons: "More honesty from the pilots/airline. Got on the plane, taxied to take off, then informed that we had to go back to the gate. At the gate, they wouldn't let anyone off and then we were told that there was a minor maintenance issue that would take 15 minutes to fix. It took 4 hours. Poor job by Delta" Pros: "Flight was smooth, arrived early..crew was prompt and courteous." Pros: "The flight was not cancelled, crew was friendly, we arrived at our destination." Cons: "Flight delayed two hours and absolutely no info provided to customers about what was going on and if/when flight would depart." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Even vegetarian Hindu food was ordered over the phone. We're presented non veg food. When asked about the non veg food we were told that we dint order. Lie right away. Alitalia members showed worst and discrimination based behavior. Very rude. Won't travel on Alitalia in future" Cons: "everything sucked time bery bad servive starfed on flight nonacolok was sergvedngypu ilt was really disappoinyling includigbymkthrvlounhr aothee airlione" Pros: "Specially food service and also boarding" Cons: "They checked carry on again even you passed from the counter I felt very bad about this" Pros: "Flight time and layover at connecting flight" Cons: "Food needs to improved. In all other flight Indian spice is served as Asian veg flight seat are too tight" Pros: "Seat space continued to be better than BA. Nice surprise to get an evening meal on the last leg to Rome. I actually was able to sleep a bit on this smaller airplane as well. Crew went out of its way to help people board and load bags overhead. They seemed very attentive, and tried to provide extra drink options even." Cons: "Boarding process at IST was a challenge. We left from a remote gate, and the agent didn't seem interested in the boarding process. I heard no announcements, maybe because it didn't matter as everyone was crowding the door 15 minutes before boarding began. The agent seemed perturbed, but I've seen it on almost every Italian bound flight. No one wants to wait. It is actually a bit amusing to watch the struggle between boarding policies and a group of people who seem determined to ignore them. The buses were also pretty well packed. More so in Rome than IST. Not much organization in loading at either place. After all the passport control they left us to walk outside to wait for the bus. Maybe you can tell I'm not a fan of remote gates." Pros: "The food and entertainment were okay." Cons: "The staff was rude. The entertainment consoles didn’t work well." Pros: "I liked the food and the staff were very friendly" Pros: "Lots of in flight entertainment options. Good meals. Very nice and helpful attendants." Pros: "The entertainment was excellent!" Cons: "The comfort level for that long of a flight was very poor. Seats are way too close together. There is no knee room from the seats at the front at all. People operating their video monitor is a disturbing fact for the passengers who sits in front of them." Pros: "Nothing.... except the movies" Cons: "Everything....food and service. The airlines also Lost our bags...and till today cannot trace or find it. Went on a cruise with 2 pairs of clothes. How does an airline give a bag tag to a passenger without putting it in the bag???? 12 days and no bags.... terrible call center service too no help at all." Pros: "Amazing food. Can't believe how good the desserts were. Entertainment also top notch." I travel frequently. The flight was late again... KLM should really try and be on time All and all pretty good. It’s crowded but that is what flying is all about. But no complaints otherwise. Pros: "Seats were very comfortable. Plane interior was in new condition, including electronic window shade tinting." Cons: "Staff was not particularly warm or attentive. Was never offered more to drink, and after asking for more wine was ignored." Cons: "A little bit chaotic when they loaded two planes at the same time in a very tight space in Amsterdsm but this was most likey an airport soecific design issue and not a KLM issue. The flight was as good as can be expected fir an international flight. The staff was great" Pros: "Food and service" Cons: "Working wifi would be good. Better A/C. More comfortable seats" Cons: "Dozens of high school students screaming and climbing onto seats, crew did not intervene." Pros: "The crew was amazing and the food was great." Cons: "Something did not go right with our booking so it took some work for the airline to get it figured out for us. Thankfully we had left plenty of time. But that was an unexpected stress." Cons: "Faultless handling of weather delay, causing missed connection and flight transfer. A well oiled machine, thank you." Cons: "Turn the lights on early making it hard to sleep" Pros: "Entertainment options." Cons: "Service was poor, seat did not recline, and the food was terrible." Pros: "Crew was very attentive and professional." Cons: ". The economy seats on the Lufthansa A350 were extremely uncomfortable and seemed excessively narrow as well has having cramped legroom. I could not get comfortable let alone sleep, and my backside felt like I had been sitting on a park bench rather than a long haul coach airline seat." Pros: "My flight was delayed four hours, so I missed my connection to Sofia and had to re-book for two connecting flights instead of one, which makes for a long, tiring trip." Cons: "I understand the delay due to weather conditions, but I wish I was rebooked for one, not two connecting flights. Now, instead of flying directly to Sofia from Frankfurt, I have to go to Munich first and then to Sofia, which makes my trip 9 hours longer" Cons: "They told us there were no earbuds so recommended using our own. Our children had left theirs at home so they ran to get a $20 pair nearby. But the the plane DID have the buds; what we did not have were blankets — the crew said none were to be had." Pros: "Friendly staff. Free drink and snack. Comfy seats and very easy boarding process" Pros: "The flight attendants were wonderful." Cons: "You take a bus to reach the plane and the seats are uncomfortable without any entertainment systems. Thankfully the flight was only 1.5 hours." Cons: "Fight could have been on time! It was over 45 minutes late, because of the crew" Pros: "Baggage arrived with me. Upgraded to First Class because so many of those passengers got other flights the night before." Cons: "Original 5 pm flight was cancelled because there was no Crew or plane, even though it’s a United hub. Though flight cancelled early, United could not get me home same day so provided hotel and meal. Next day flight scheduled 7:05 then 8 am, but even that time came and went without boarding. 15 hours delayed and no hurry getting the plane to depart at the stated time. Total lack of customer service and concern" Pros: "It was overall a great flying experience." Cons: "One of my connections was way too short. I almost missed my flight. I had to run!" Pros: "Underseat AC power and USB power was the highlight of the trip." Cons: "Food portions were tiny. Totally dehydrated at the end of the flight, and water was passed out in 100 mL servings. Insufficient space under the seat for a backpack." Pros: "I wasn't expecting free in-flight movies and meals, which were very welcome" SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from Washington, D.C. to Rome Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Washington, D.C. to Rome found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/6Wed 3 stops 46h 30mIAD-FCO $279 Search 4/23Tue 2 stops 24h 05mIAD-FCO $290 Search 12/29Fri nonstopITA Airways 8h 35mIAD-FCO $363 Search 12/30Sat nonstopITA Airways 8h 35mIAD-FCO $371 Search 12/27Wed 1 stopAer Lingus 32h 10mIAD-FCO $444 Search 12/8Fri nonstopLufthansa 8h 45mIAD-FCO $480 Search 12/27Wed nonstopLufthansa 8h 45mIAD-FCO $503 Search 5/14Tue 1 stopAer Lingus 11h 15mIAD-FCO $592 Search 12/25Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 8h 45mIAD-FCO $758 Search 12/26Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 8h 45mIAD-FCO $946 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineITA AirwaysAer LingusLufthansaUnited Airlines Search by price$290 or less$370 or less$480 or less$590 or less$950 or less Last minute flights from Dulles Intl to Rome Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Washington, D.C. to Rome that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 24h 25mIAD-FCO 12/12Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 13h 35mFCO-IAD $413 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopIcelandair 11h 50mIAD-FCO 12/11Mon multi-stopIcelandair 12h 35mFCO-IAD $415 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopIcelandair 11h 50mIAD-FCO 1/27Sat multi-stopIcelandair 12h 35mFCO-IAD $439 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopITA Airways 18h 53mIAD-FCO 12/11Mon multi-stopITA Airways 16h 53mFCO-IAD $547 Search 12/1Fri nonstopLufthansa 8h 45mIAD-FCO 12/14Thu nonstopLufthansa 10h 35mFCO-IAD $550 Search 12/3Sun nonstopITA Airways 8h 35mIAD-FCO 12/17Sun nonstopITA Airways 10h 15mFCO-IAD $553 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 12mIAD-FCO 12/11Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 10h 35mFCO-IAD $567 Search 12/2Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 8h 45mIAD-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 07mFCO-IAD $573 Search 12/1Fri nonstopLufthansa 8h 45mIAD-FCO 12/3Sun multi-stopLufthansa 15h 05mFCO-IAD $574 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAer Lingus 11h 55mIAD-FCO 5/5Sun multi-stopAer Lingus 14h 05mFCO-IAD $680 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTAP AIR PORTUGALIcelandairITA AirwaysLufthansaUnited AirlinesAer Lingus Search by price$420 or less$550 or less$550 or less$570 or less$680 or less Washington Dulles Airport - Rome Flights Departure: Washington Dulles Airport (IAD)United States Return flight deals: Rome - Washington Dulles Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Rome $2,746 Business Class flights to Rome $1,898 Prem Econ Class flights to Rome $555 Economy Class flights to Rome Browse origins: Flights » United States » District of Columbia » Washington, D.C. » Washington Dulles Airport $403Flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Rome Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Italy » Rome $643Flights to Rome Ciampino Airport, Rome $403Flights to Rome Fiumicino Airport, Rome Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Rome flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Rome from Washington Dulles Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Rome from Washington Dulles Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.