Cheap Flights from San Diego to Denver from $33 | (SAN - DEN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SAN - DEN Find cheap flights from San Diego to Denver from $33 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Denver These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Diego to Denver, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Diego to Denver, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from San Diego to Denver?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Diego to Denver that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 3:12 pm - 12:03 amSAN-DEN 7h 51m1 stop 10:51 pm - 12:29 amDEN-SAN 2h 38mnonstop $67Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Thu, Dec 14 6:00 am - 8:07 pmSAN-DEN 13h 07m1 stop 6:51 pm - 11:17 pmDEN-SAN 5h 26m1 stop $68Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sat, Dec 16 6:25 am - 10:01 amSAN-DEN 2h 36mnonstop 7:58 pm - 8:16 amDEN-SAN 13h 18m1 stop $69Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 12 6:25 am - 9:58 amSAN-DEN 2h 33mnonstop 3:41 pm - 5:13 pmDEN-SAN 2h 32mnonstop $70Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Sat, Feb 3 6:00 am - 2:29 pmSAN-DEN 7h 29m1 stop 6:51 pm - 11:17 pmDEN-SAN 5h 26m1 stop $71Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sat, Dec 16 6:03 pm - 9:31 pmSAN-DEN 2h 28mnonstop 10:26 pm - 11:59 pmDEN-SAN 2h 33mnonstop $72Frontier Find Deal Sat, Feb 3 - Tue, Feb 6 6:25 am - 10:01 amSAN-DEN 2h 36mnonstop 12:15 pm - 1:49 pmDEN-SAN 2h 34mnonstop $73Frontier Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Thu, Dec 14 6:30 am - 4:04 pmSAN-DEN 8h 34m1 stop 9:52 pm - 11:26 pmDEN-SAN 2h 34mnonstop $74Frontier Find Deal Sat, Mar 2 - Wed, Mar 6 5:30 pm - 12:41 amSAN-DEN 6h 11m1 stop 10:12 am - 4:17 pmDEN-SAN 7h 05m1 stop $75Frontier Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Wed, Dec 13 9:35 pm - 10:50 amSAN-DEN 12h 15m1 stop 10:51 pm - 12:29 amDEN-SAN 2h 38mnonstop $77 Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Thu, Dec 14 Show more results Flights from San Diego to Denver - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Diego to Denver to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Diego to Denver? The average price of all flights from San Diego to Denver clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Denver on a Wednesday and more expensive on a Sunday. On your return trip to San Diego, you should consider flying back on a Tuesday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Diego to Denver? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Diego to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Diego to Denver is February, where tickets cost $139 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $255 and $248 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Diego to Denver? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Diego to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Diego to Denver, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 58 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Diego to Denver? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting San Diego to Denver were found on Frontier ($67) and Spirit Airlines ($68). Spirit Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $33. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Diego and Denver? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Diego to Denver. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from San Diego to Denver. They are: Frontier, Southwest and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $58 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between San Diego and Denver per day? Each day, there are between 8 and 15 nonstop flights that take off from San Diego and land in Denver, with an average flight time of 2h 21m. The most common departure time is 4:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 84 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Diego and Denver? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Diego to Denver take? The average nonstop flight takes 2h 27m, covering a distance of 852 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from San Diego to Denver? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Diego at 6:25 am and will be landing in Denver at 10:01 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Diego to Denver? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Diego to Denver jets off at 9:50 pm and lands at 1:05 am. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $33 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 27% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 30% increase in price. Flight from San Diego to Denver When to book flights from San Diego to Denver Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Diego to Denver based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Diego to Denver What is the easiest way of traveling to San Diego Airport (SAN)? The easiest way to travel to SAN varies depending on the traveler's location and preferences. For those in the San Diego area, using a rideshare service like Uber or Lyft, taking a taxi, or driving a personal car may be the most convenient option. Public transportation options like bus, train, and tram are also available, with connections to the Old Town Transit Center. Where can I find a peaceful place to spend some time before flying out of San Diego Airport (SAN)? If you are looking for a peaceful place to spend some time before your flight from SAN, the airport offers a Meditation Room. This room is located in Terminal 2, Airside, and provides a space where travelers can find peace and quiet amid the hustle and bustle of the airport. Are there nursing stations at San Diego Airport (SAN)? Yes, there are nursing rooms available at San Diego Airport (SAN) for nursing mothers. The rooms can be found post-security in Terminal 1 and 2. They feature a hand washing ﻿area and electrical ports﻿ to provide a convenient and comfortable experience for nursing mothers. Which nearby cities can I get to from Denver Airport? Some of the cities that can be easily accessed from DEN include Boulder, Aurora, and Fort Collins, each located less than an hour's drive away from the airport. Other popular destinations in the region that can be accessed from DEN include the Rocky Mountains, Colorado Springs, and Aspen, which can be accessed by shuttle, car service, or public transportation. Are there pet amenities at Denver International Airport (DEN)? Yes. You will find pet relief rooms located airside at near gates A, B, and C, adjacent to US mail drops. These rooms have a canine theme and include amenities including hand soap, a wall-mounted sink, artificial grass flooring, and a drainage system. Additionally, a fenced-in outdoor pet relief area is available at the Jeppesen Terminal, outside door 200. Can I rent a car at Denver Airport? Yes. There are several car rental agencies located on the airport property, including Enterprise Rent-A-Car, Avis, Hertz, and Budget. A courtesy shuttle service is provided by these agencies to and from the Jeppesen Terminal. Arrivals at the airport can rent a variety of vehicles such as cars, SUVs, vans, and trucks, depending on their needs. Can I book a nonstop flight from San Diego to Denver? Frontier Airlines offers nonstop flights from San Diego International Airport to Denver International Airport in Denver. Other airlines on this route include United Airlines and Southwest Airlines, which offer a fast way to travel from San Diego to Denver. Does San Diego International Airport offer services for guests with mobility impairments? The airport offers different accessibility services located throughout the airport to assist travelers with mobility impairments. Services under this category include visual paging monitors, TDD telephones, and a courtesy cart run by Volunteer Airport Ambassadors, located conveniently throughout the airport. Also, you’ll find the Harbor Police Officers, who assist travelers with special needs. Are there designated smoking areas in San Diego International Airport? San Diego International Airport is a smoke-free facility. You’re only permitted to smoke in a designated area away from the terminals. You can use ashtrays located in all smoking areas. What is the best means of transportation from Denver International Airport to my destination? The SkyRide bus and A Line rail system offer affordable means of transport from Denver International Airport to downtown Denver and nearby towns. You can also use an Uber from the airport or travel via the shuttle service to nearby cities like Welby, Aurora, Federal Heights, and Commerce City. If your friends or family will pick you up, make sure they can find a good parking spot as curbside parking is prohibited. What guest amenities does Denver International Airport offer? Guests can use different amenities and facilities when they arrive at the airport. These include free Wi-Fi, religious facilities open 24h a day, and pet relief areas near gates A, B, and C. If you want to nurse your child, there are three nursing rooms located at each concourse. Do I need a passport to fly between San Diego and Denver? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Diego to Denver? Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, and Air Canada offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Diego to Denver flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Diego to Denver? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Diego to Denver flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Diego to Denver? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between San Diego and Denver. On which days can I fly direct from San Diego to Denver? There are nonstop flights from San Diego to Denver on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Diego to Denver, United Airlines or Frontier? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Diego to Denver are United Airlines and Frontier. With an average price for the route of $314 and an overall rating of 7.0, United Airlines is the most popular choice. Frontier is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $157 and an overall rating of 5.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Diego to Denver? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Diego to Denver. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Diego to Denver? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Denver from San Diego is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Diego to Denver? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Denver with an airline and back to San Diego with another airline. Booking your flights between San Diego and DEN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Diego to Denver? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Denver from San Diego up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SAN to Denver Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $110 or less one-way and $154 or less round-trip. If you choose a one-stop flight from San Diego Airport (SAN) to Denver International Airport (DEN), expect to make a stop in Atlanta (ATL), Las Vegas (LAS), Phoenix (PHX), Los Angeles (LAX), or Salt Lake City (SLC), depending on the airline you choose for the trip. Travelers looking for a hassle-free travel experience from San Diego (SAN) to Denver (DEN), without worrying about extra fees tacked onto their airfare can book a flight with Southwest Airlines. The airline has a no-bag fee policy that adds on to savings and offers a refreshing advantage to travelers. It is advisable that you arrive at San Diego Airport (SAN) at least 2 hours ahead of the time of your flight to Denver. This will give you plenty of time to finish the required airport requirements, such as checking your bags, going through security, and getting to the right departure gate. Most guests traveling from San Diego will use San Diego International Airport (SAN). While McClellan–Palomar Airport (CLD) is closer, it’s not a major airport. To access San Diego International Airport, you can use a bicycle. The airport offers free bicycle lockers, but requires a $25 deposit, which is refundable. Also, you can catch an Uber to the airport or use car rental services. If you’re using your car to get to San Diego International Airport, there’s a parking service, which costs approximately $13 per day, and includes a shuttle service to San Diego. For arrivals at Denver, you can use Denver International Airport (DEN). From the airport, you can access downtown Denver via train, car rental, Uber, or shuttle service. When you arrive in Denver, you’ll find hotels near Denver International Airport. Most hotels are about 10 miles away and have a shuttle service to help you get there. Denver International Airport also supports sustainability by providing water bottle filling stations in all three concourses. Each concourse has four bottle filling stations. Throughout the airport, you can use free Wi-Fi. You simply need to enable your wireless connection and check for “Den Airport Free Wi-Fi.” Click connect to the network as there is no password needed. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Diego to Denver Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from San Diego to Denver Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Diego to Denver Intl Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Friday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Denver Intl to San Diego Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Friday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 4 airlines serving from San Diego to Denver See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Diego to Denver. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Diego to Denver? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29971 reviews 82comfort 79food 85overall 85boarding 88crew 78entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "At 7 PM July 21 we booked flight through KAYAK linked to Alaska airlines. That part worked and picked seats. We were unable to check in online (try again message. At kiosk 525 am San Diego airport it would not allow us either. By the time we made it to the desk it was 537 am. They would not issue." Cons: "Ironically we had no issues checking in for the return flight through Delta Sunday 7 pm when we booked the flights. Therefore we could not leave San Diego and Alaskan Airlines front desk said we were three minutes late in person and would not issue boarding passes. We missed our soccer playoffs."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "At 7 PM July 21 we booked flight through KAYAK linked to Alaska airlines. That part worked and picked seats. We were unable to check in online (try again message. At kiosk 525 am San Diego airport it would not allow us either. By the time we made it to the desk it was 537 am. They would not issue." Cons: "Ironically we had no issues checking in for the return flight through Delta Sunday 7 pm when we booked the flights. Therefore we could not leave San Diego and Alaskan Airlines front desk said we were three minutes late in person and would not issue boarding passes. We missed our soccer playoffs." Pros: "It was from missing my connecting flight since I wasn’t able to get to my destination that day I had to wait a day." Cons: "Pay for my parking since I had to leave that day and come back the next day." Cons: "The flight was oversold and my husband did not have a seat assignment. The desk agent was helpful and was able to put us together" Cons: "The airflow is too far from the isle seat making it a bit uncomfortable for the middle seat. The lack of entertainment outside of using a personal device was meh. And the price for some of the features are aggressive. Unless you are a T mobile customer..." Pros: "Alaska service is always great" Cons: "I waited to leave and to get off the plane" Pros: "Flight was smooth & on time" Cons: "Ground crew at SannJose war below standards, long delay with a couple ‘laps’ because ground team wasn’t ready." Pros: "Crew constantly coming by if needed are willing to be flagged down. Loading the plan was so quick and efficient" Cons: "No entertainment" Pros: "Very easy great movies friendly service" Cons: "Flight was to short didint have time to finish watching my movie lol" Pros: "Comfort & spacing of seating." Cons: "Uncomfortably cold flight. Asked stewardess to turn heat on. Was told it would be taken care of once we were airborne. It never was. Could not relax or sleep d/t being so cold. Myself and others noted to be wearing their hoodies & sitting on their hands to keep warm." Pros: "No problems noted." Cons: "It was a crowded flight, with a lot of yappy people." Pros: "First time flying united and i love the bag policy. Great airline" Pros: "First Class was a rare treat for us, so we appreciated the hot towels, spacious seats and delicious food!" Pros: "I liked the ticket price." Cons: "The seat was very narrow with absolutely minimal leg space, and a carry-on bag was not included in the fare." Pros: "Flight was on time and crew was friendly" Cons: "Seat was quite uncomfortable and I would love more soda choices." Pros: "Hard to come up with something" Cons: "Remarkably, airline was unaware of FAA regulation requiring window seat for Portable Oxygen. Switched at the last minute to the last row, which does not recline. Thus sheer misery for someone with back trouble. Wi-fi also inoperative. Plus, the panel on the siding was loose snd vibrated the whole time." Cons: "The United boarding staff was no help at San Diego airport. I was at the gate 30 minutes before flight take off time, but by the time I arrived, the door was closed, so I was waiting in front of the gate seating area. the flight time was 10:40, and my clock says 10:41, and the flight was gone. This is my first time in 20 years gate attendant didn't announce anything, and there are other people who missed this flight. Because of this, my rest of the trip was miserable, missed meeting in Santa Fe. I need a money back." Pros: "The flight was on time and all employees I spoke to were kind." Cons: "Buying the cheapest flight only to find I can't check in online, can't carry on a bag and cannot select or change my seat is hugely disappointing. I know this is largely standard across airlines now, but it is despicable how uncomfortable and painful the process of flying has become when one isn't able to shell out a billion dollars for first class. You all need to get your priorities straight and think about your customers again." Pros: "What wasn't there to like it was truly amazing. I had a great time." Cons: "They put my luggage on a flight 3 hours later. I bought this flight so I can get to the wedding rehearsal on time. All my fiancés and my clothes are in that luggage. So now we are late to the wedding rehearsal that my fiance is the maid of honor for and we still have to head to the hotel to check in and get ready. It's just unacceptable." Pros: "Arrived to destination 30min early! Boarded and took off exactlymon time!" Cons: "Nothing, everything went perfectly smooth" Cons: "Frontier is an airlines that doesn't care about its customer. Period!" Pros: "Cost of ticket" Cons: "Paying for bag delays and the chairs and no free snacks offered" Cons: "The change of flights. Had to stay in airport overnight!" Cons: "Over an hour late. Again. Never flying frontier in the future. This was my first and last experience with them." Cons: "The delayed flight and the smell of puke for the entire duration of the flight after an indicidual puked before leaving the gate." Pros: "This was our first time using Frontier and we were skeptical because of the low fares. At each step along the way we were glancing at each other and waiting for the other shoe to drop, but were very pleasantly surprised by the end of the trip to have found nothing wrong or hidden. As a person who has flown regularly for over 40 years on both budget and full service carriers, and had always enjoyed it up until the late 90’s, at which time I really began to dread going through the entire process; this was a really pleasant surprise. On our way home in the car after our return, both my wife and I agreed that this was the first time in years that we didn’t have any complains about the experience and that we actually had mildly enjoyed it. Maybe that was just a lack of pain. At least on this first time using Frontier we got more than we expected. I think if you take the time to understand the business model the first time you book and you follow the booking process; the seat and baggage selection choices and the check-in procedures, you will get a good bang for your buck. We did upgrade some selections but even with that, we were still way under the next carriers fare price point. Maybe if we had not taken the opportunity to upgrade during the online booking process it might have been a different experience. This flight was two round trip tickets from Cincinnati to San Diego. The first part was a non-stop and the return was a one-stop in Denver. All three legs were on an Airbus 320’s. On all three legs we had isle seats in the first 6 rows (2C/ 2D, 3C/ 3D and 6C/ 6D). We don’t care about, nor expect frills; we only want to get there and back comfortably with good value fares; and that’s what we got." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "The cheap price" Cons: "No complementary drinks such as soda or snacks such as peanuts or pretzels" Cons: "What a farce, low fares but then charging for everything, including your seat and water! By the time you pay for all the necessities you are paying more than other airlines. What's next chafing for the restrooms?" Pros: "Nothing!!!" Cons: "Long layover. Lies about why there was a layover. Disrespectful people at the counter. If I could give neg stars I would. Lol" Pros: "Boarding was ok" Cons: "The airline charges for everything from carrying a bag on which just about every other airline does not. You have to pay to pick your seat, if you are flying with a friend or significant other you will not sit near each other unless you pay. There are no snacks or drinks offered other than water, you have to pay for any snack or juice/soda. You have to pay more to get seats with a normal sized food tray, otherwise you get a food tray the size of an iPhone. Seats do not recline. Will never fly frontier again" Pros: "GOT A GOOD DEAL PRICEWISE. NO OTHER AIRLINE COULD MATCH THIS PRICE THAT I FOUND FOR MY TRIP." Cons: "BOTH THE FLIGHTS WERW DELAYED DUE TO SOME TECHNICAL ISSUES RESULTING IN LOT OF INCONVENIENCE." Pros: "Friendly flight attendants. Decent boarding experience Friendly gate attendants. Expensive luggage costs Cheap prices" Cons: "Seats are uncomfortable, don't recline Arm rests are small and uncomfortable No in-flight free snacks or water" Pros: "We left ahead of schedule and arrived ahead of schedule." Cons: "seats were very small. The price of carry on luggage." Cons: "$40 checked bag was more than the actual fair, but that's the price you pay to travel these days!" Cons: "Multiple people told crew to ask a group of people to be a little more quite as they were obnoxious loud and saying inappropriate stuff. The crew kept serving them more and more alcohol and would chat with them with no regard to the multiple requests to ask them to keep it down." Cons: "I didn't like being charged extra for everything. The flight ended up costing a lot more than the initial price of the ticket." Pros: "Initial price" Cons: "Your Carrier put themselves down in the contact info. A person in Canada, and their name...making it impossible for me to print a boarding pass. I had to call Spirit and have them change the infor to me. Then it wouldn't take my credit card. The rep said my card was decline, like I was a bum. Come to find out Kaya'ks reps put in a Vancouver Canada address, that didn't match my card. Spirit, is RUDE, charges for everything. In flight the stewardes announce..."Nothing is complimentary on this flight. SO if you want anything you will have to purchase it. Just God Aweful experience. They charge $10 to PRINT your boarding pass, and 40 for a bag, then additional $30 if it is 41-50 lbs, then $40 more if it is 51-60lbs...etc., Then Phone customer service asked me how to spell COLORADO??? and the word ROXBURY....??? The staff act like teachers in a public Ghetto , yelling at the kids. Just awful. I will never fly this airline AGAIN" Pros: "Great price, simple and fast." Cons: "I did not like having to print the boarding pass. I would have preferred to have the boarding pass sent to my phone." Cons: "Very uncomfortable ride. We a t-shirt hard ,zero leg room" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "my ticket was $53 and had to pay $50 for my bag. If I would've known they'd charge double I would've chose a different airline." Alaska Airlines8.3 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from San Diego to Denver Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Diego to Denver found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/6Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 7h 29mSAN-DEN $33 Search 1/30Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 33mSAN-DEN $35 Search 12/20Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 6h 11mSAN-DEN $37 Search 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 36mSAN-DEN $39 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopFrontier 6h 45mSAN-DEN $40 Search 12/19Tue 1 stop 9h 01mSAN-DEN $41 Search 1/31Wed 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 11h 44mSAN-DEN $127 Search 1/10Wed 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 12h 20mSAN-DEN $137 Search 12/20Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 12h 24mSAN-DEN $203 Search 1/11Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 9h 59mSAN-DEN $204 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAlaska AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$40 or less$40 or less$140 or less$200 or less Last minute flights from San Diego to Denver Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Diego to Denver that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 29mSAN-DEN 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 54mDEN-SAN $68 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 11h 10mSAN-DEN 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 37mDEN-SAN $78 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 31mSAN-DEN 12/8Fri multi-stopFrontier 11h 51mDEN-SAN $86 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 36mSAN-DEN 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 38mDEN-SAN $93 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 00mSAN-DEN 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 05mDEN-SAN $147 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 10h 19mSAN-DEN 1/3Wed multi-stopAlaska Airlines 15h 21mDEN-SAN $655 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 27mSAN-DEN 12/11Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 28mDEN-SAN $682 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 25h 59mSAN-DEN 12/8Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 14h 30mDEN-SAN $705 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 06mSAN-DEN 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 32mDEN-SAN $849 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 59mSAN-DEN 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 00mDEN-SAN $1,111 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAlaska AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$80 or less$90 or less$660 or less$710 or less$1,110 or less San Diego - Denver Flights Departure: San Diego (SAN)United States Destination: Denver (DEN)United States Return flight deals: Denver - San Diego Cabin classes: $742 First Class flights to Denver $551 Business Class flights to Denver $392 Prem Econ Class flights to Denver $75 Economy Class flights to Denver Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Diego $67Flights from San Diego to Denver Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Colorado » Denver $65Flights to Denver, Denver Compare transportation modes for San Diego to Denver Average price Average duration Flights $789 2h 28m Buses $429 35h 58m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Oakland Flights to Salt Lake City Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Denver flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Denver from San Diego. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Denver from San Diego. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.