Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to Paris Charles de Gaulle from C$ 338 | (YYZ - CDG) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYZ - CDG Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from C$ 338 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 11/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from Pearson Intl to Charles de Gaulle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pearson Intl to Charles de Gaulle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:45 p.m. - 12:00 p.m.YYZ-CDG 10h 15m1 stop 1:00 p.m. - 6:15 p.m.CDG-YYZ 11h 15m1 stop C$ 372Icelandair Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Thu, 18 Jan 7:45 p.m. - 12:00 p.m.YYZ-CDG 10h 15m1 stop 1:00 p.m. - 6:15 p.m.CDG-YYZ 11h 15m1 stop C$ 379Icelandair Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Thu, 18 Jan 10:00 a.m. - 11:25 a.m.YYZ-CDG 19h 25m1 stop 11:05 a.m. - 9:11 a.m.CDG-YYZ 28h 06m1 stop C$ 417Air Transat Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Sun, 28 Jan 10:00 a.m. - 11:25 a.m.YYZ-CDG 19h 25m1 stop 11:05 a.m. - 9:11 a.m.CDG-YYZ 28h 06m1 stop C$ 427Air Transat Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Sun, 28 Jan 2:00 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YYZ-CDG 14h 20m1 stop 9:30 a.m. - 10:36 p.m.CDG-YYZ 18h 06m1 stop C$ 437Lufthansa Find Deal Mon, 11 Dec - Mon, 11 Mar 8:45 p.m. - 10:25 a.m.YYZ-CDG 7h 40mdirect 12:05 p.m. - 2:40 p.m.CDG-YYZ 8h 35mdirect C$ 438Lufthansa Find Deal Mon, 11 Dec - Fri, 2 Feb 8:45 p.m. - 10:25 a.m.YYZ-CDG 7h 40mdirect 2:00 p.m. - 8:46 p.m.CDG-YYZ 12h 46m1 stop C$ 457Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 5:10 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YYZ-CDG 11h 10m2 stops 12:55 p.m. - 8:57 p.m.CDG-YYZ 13h 02m2 stops C$ 467Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Wed, 27 Mar 6:30 p.m. - 12:00 p.m.YYZ-CDG 11h 30m1 stop 2:20 p.m. - 4:45 p.m.CDG-YYZ 8h 25mdirect C$ 473Air France Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Sun, 21 Jan 6:55 p.m. - 8:10 a.m.YYZ-CDG 7h 15mdirect 8:35 p.m. - 3:35 p.m.CDG-YYZ 25h 00m1 stop C$ 511Air France Find Deal Sat, 17 Feb - Sun, 25 Feb Show more results Flights from Pearson Intl to Charles de Gaulle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pearson Intl to Charles de Gaulle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is November, where tickets cost C$ 775 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 1,182 and C$ 1,177 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 61 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport were found on Icelandair (C$ 505) and Air Transat (C$ 566). Azores Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 366. Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. They are Air Canada and Air France. The cheapest airline for this route is Air Canada, with the best deal found costing C$ 734. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air Canada. How many flights are there between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport per day? Each day, there are 2 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and land in Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, with an average flight time of 7h 27m. The most common departure time is 6:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 14 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 2. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport take? Direct flights take on average 7h 15m to travel the 9,679 km between Toronto Pearson Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 6:55 pm and will be landing in Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport at 8:10 am. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport jets off at 8:45 pm and lands at 10:25 am. Good to know Low season November High season July Cheapest flight C$ 338 Best time to beat the crowds (12% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (21% more expensive on average) Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from Pearson Intl to Charles de Gaulle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pearson Intl to Charles de Gaulle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flights What is the best way to connect to the city center from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The RER B train is a convenient way to connect from Paris-Charles de Gaulle to the Paris city center. The RER B train is a regional express train that runs between the airport and the city center every 10 minutes and stops at major Paris stations. The journey time is approximately 30 minutes. Also, you can use the car rental at the airport and taxi outside the main terminal close to the baggage claim area to get to the city center. Where can I rent a car after landing at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport? You can rent your car at the car rental counter located at T1 at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport. The car rentals counter contains several car rental agencies, such as Avis, National, SIXT, Enterprise, and Hertz, with well-maintained cars to rent. With a car rental from this airport, you can visit the top attractions of Paris without limitation. Does Toronto Pearson Airport provide accessible services? Toronto Pearson Airport is accessible for people with reduced mobility. The airport offers many accessible services and amenities to give you more choices and independence. To ensure a safe and comfortable journey, the airport recommends that you inform the airline of your requirements at least 48 hours before departure. In addition, this airport has accessible car parks, elevators, ramps, and special assistants ready for service. Are there attractions to visit at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport? Once you land at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport, you should consider visiting the Air and Space Museum located a mile from the airport. There is a lot to learn and see with friends and family in this museum, which is one of the oldest aviation museums in the world. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Air Canada, Air France, and Lufthansa offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Toronto Pearson Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? There are direct flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to Paris, Delta or Lufthansa? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to Paris are Delta and Lufthansa. With an average price for the route of C$ 1,075 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Lufthansa is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 968 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 900 or less one-way and C$ 938 or less round-trip. If you are in downtown Toronto and want to catch your flight from Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ) to Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG), consider using either the TTC Express bus or a taxi. It would take approximately 1 hour to be at the airport by TTC Express bus and 35 minutes by taxi. If you want to catch the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport, consider staying at the Sheraton Gateway Hotel at Toronto International Airport. The hotel is less than 1.5 km from the airport, and visitors can walk to the airport from there. Parents with pets departing from Toronto Pearson Airport can pick up their pets at one of four pet service areas before boarding the plane. The first two pet areas are in Terminal 1, before and after security. The two remaining pet areas are located in Terminal 3, before and after security. Parents with children flying from Toronto Pearson to Paris-Charles de Gaulle should consider booking their flights with Aer Lingus or Air Transat airlines. This is because of their spacious seats with extra legroom to keep you and young ones comfortable throughout the flight. In addition, Air Transat offers entertainment amenities such as video games during the flight. If you land late at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport, you should consider staying at a hotel near the airport for your convenience. You can book a room at Courtyard by Marriott Paris Charles de Gaulle Central Airport, which is adjacent to the airport. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Pearson Intl to Paris Charles de Gaulle? Find which airlines fly direct from Pearson Intl to Charles de Gaulle, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Pearson Intl to Paris Charles de Gaulle Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 Friday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +8 more Air Canada,Air France, +9 more 7 8 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Paris Charles de Gaulle to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +9 more Air Canada,Air France, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +9 more Air Canada,Air France, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +9 more Air Canada,Air France, +10 more 8 9 Thursday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +9 more Air Canada,Air France, +10 more 8 9 Friday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +9 more Air Canada,Air France, +10 more 8 9 Saturday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +9 more Air Canada,Air France, +10 more 8 9 Sunday Air Canada,Air France,Austrian Airlines, +9 more Air Canada,Air France, +10 more 8 9 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to Charles de Gaulle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to Charles de Gaulle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 86crew 79food 78comfort 82overall 82boarding 77entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "The in flight service was fantastic. The attendants were friendly and always smiling. The pilots flew the plane with Swiss precision. I had an economy ticket and they fed us twice and had at least six beverage passes to keep you hydrated. A blanket, pillow and ear buds were provided as part of the seat. Norwegian Air does not even cover a glass of water. They are pathetic. We will travel with Swiss Air again." Cons: "Internet service is invoiced by the megabyte and not the flight. For flights of this duration, a lump sum is a better idea."Read more about SWISS Pros: "The in flight service was fantastic. The attendants were friendly and always smiling. The pilots flew the plane with Swiss precision. I had an economy ticket and they fed us twice and had at least six beverage passes to keep you hydrated. A blanket, pillow and ear buds were provided as part of the seat. Norwegian Air does not even cover a glass of water. They are pathetic. We will travel with Swiss Air again." Cons: "Internet service is invoiced by the megabyte and not the flight. For flights of this duration, a lump sum is a better idea." Cons: "The sitting was so very small, I never traveled so crumpled." Pros: "The crew was amazing. They left snacks and drinks out in between service." Pros: "fresh baked bread!" Cons: "fight was delayed almost 4 hours. we were stuck on the plane for over 2 hours before liftoff while technical difficulties were worked out. no compensation offered." Pros: "The crew was polite and continuously offering drinks, headphones and food/snacks. Kept us comfortable and happy during the flight!" Cons: "It would have better if the flight wasn’t 5 hours late." Pros: "Crew was attentive to passenger needs in a quiet way: without fanfare, did all possible to make it a pleasant, comfortable trip. In fact, went out of their way to get me a wheelchair ride to next flight, which I dearly needed" Cons: "First flight was delayed due to circumstances outside of airline’s control. They managed to get us there and help me with wheelchair, etc to make flight. Great service and kindness" Pros: "On time! Courteous. Free meal! Even on flight less than 2 hours!" Cons: "All good!" Pros: "After having read Swiss Airline reviews I was prepared for a difficult and uncomfortable trip from BOS to ZUR. I was pleasantly surprised to the kindness and comfort I found in the economy class of Swiss Airline. Bags were checked in, flight was timely and legroom was satisfactory. I would highly recommended Swiss Airline due to my overall experience." Pros: "The service was friendly and efficient. My seat was comfortable." Cons: "The entertainment system wasn't working properly. It was restarted for me twice, but still didn't work." Cons: "Not enough room with the seats if someone reclines in front of you." Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Pros: "The on board food was amazing, nothing like I’d ever had on a plane before. I was also pleased with the choices for entertainment." Cons: "The seat was not comfortable in economy. I could not sleep and there were no air vents. Every time I tried to rest my head on the seat in front of me the screen would turn on and get super hot. I wish there was a cover or something you could turn the screen completely off." Pros: "The flight attendants were amazing. 12 people had a connecting flight and they brought a shuttle bus. You dont see that kind of service any more 10 stars for that" Cons: "Super small plane." Pros: "The overall experience on the flight was quite pleasing. The flight crew created a warm atmosphere on what was a very cold morning. Seating was not the most comfortable but the wasn't unbearable." Cons: "Delta should have a better food menu for those early flights unless the motive is to encourage everyone to eat an organic and wholesome meal prior to boarding, something we all should be doing." Cons: "Don't call it "food." the meals were terrible. Also stop creating so much single use plastic." Pros: "The food was good The crew was fantastic, friendly and accommodating Flight was on time" Cons: "I was near the bathroom.. stank a bit" Pros: "The crew was awesome and helped out tremendously when anything was needed!" Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Flight left 2 hours late. Did not get adequate cabin service. Put in the back in an awful seat." Pros: "Airline and airport staff were great" Cons: "There was no time to eat. Nothing other than snacks. The time allotted was *barely* sufficient to get from gate to gate. We were starving when we got to our destination." One of their staff was so rude with discriminative. Such a reputed airline shouldn't hire such kind of arrogant attendants. Pros: "I liked how generous they were with food and drinks" Cons: "Free WiFi could have made the flight a lot better" Pros: "Due to business I travel allot so I deal with allot of airlines. This is by far the best airlines I have used. Excellent crew and airport staff. I don’t think words can express how satisfied I am with this airlines and airport. The nicest people and great service. Clean and modern aircraft. Going to try flying only with KLM from now on." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Food was great, movie selection too. Everything was great except for I couldn’t really get comfortable to sleep" Cons: "Not sure how to make the seats more comfortable. I have some back issues though. However, some of my travel companions slept right through the flight." Pros: "The plane size & comfort was excellent. The staff were very friendly" Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Very friendly and responsive crew. Announcements from the Capitan and chief of flight attendants are very informative and comforting. Seat positions: very good leg room (even in economy)!" Cons: "Newer airplane, as 747s are kind of outdated now, especially for long distance flights. But overall had good experience with KLM" Pros: "The bed was comfortable. Entertainment selection and large TV screen was good. The KLM crew is amazing, as usual." Cons: "Food quality was not so good." Pros: "Nice staff and no delay" Cons: "Instead of crisps maybe a bit of cheese or crackers" Cons: "Lost a single baggage item, a car seat. Critical for us to leave the airport, and delayed us for over an hour upon arrival. Gave us a loaner car seat that barely fit our child." Pros: "Crew was nice and friendly" Cons: "Airplane so uncomfortable. Food horrible. Not even available for one of us what we ask for on what was offered. Bad taste and not what can be on a that length of time flight." Pros: "Although economy, it was pleasant and okay" Cons: "I bought a business ticket but flew in economy from Tel Aviv to Vienna. I knew about it but the ticket cost was still high." Cons: "Poor selection of european films! There is a far bigger choice in e.g. Singapore airlines or Cathay Pacific. Rest was fine." Cons: "Buses to and from the plane. One driver left us in a full bus waiting for 20 minutes. When we arrived in Vienna, there was no bus to pick us up. We had to wait in the plane until one showed up." Pros: "Leg room was good. I am 6ft 2in" Cons: "Seat bottom could have been better. I have a honey bottom" Pros: "It was better with the earache, plane felt cleaner, the crew was more friendly and attentive. Didn't feel as dark as the first flight." Cons: "The Star Alliance flights aren't that cheap. Comparable price between Lufthansa, Swiss, SAS and Austrian. Lufthansa gives you food, and has friendly service. SAS gives you coffee and tea. On Austrian and Swiss I didn't get anything. For same price range and same alliance, that is a point I keep in mind. Now I mainly try to get onto Lufthansa flights (or Turkish Airlines which is my favorite). Even on Aegean, I got better food, and the magazine was better, plus there were some monitors to track the flight. Austrian feels cheaper than the others. That is the main point I didn't like." Pros: "-maintenance had to fix an issue that the team was not transparent about for 2.5 hours. 0at least boarding happened swiftly -the male crew member was GREAT but the female crew members two of them were very short, rude, and not there to bring comfort to customers -chicken meal was tasty, but made both me and my father sick. Muffin for breakfast was mediocre as well -tv was good, but touch screen sometimes doesn't work." Pros: "Very good drink service (one cold and one hot drink)" Pros: "Movie selection was good." Cons: "I could not reserve seats via Kayak, through whom the flight was booked. I paid extra for seat reservations, about $30 for a plain economy seats, to Austrian Airlines." Pros: "On time and amazing flight crew! SO attentive and personal...seemed to really enjoy their job." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Crew were amazing" Cons: "Delayed at boarding Delayed inside plane No entertainment No room for my long legs - no option" Pros: "Crew" Cons: "We were delayed thirty minutes due to slow service. Zero entertainment and only a brownie for a snack" Cons: "Boarding was slow but they had increased number of wheelchair clients. Not their fault but was a known so the process could have been started earlier." Pros: "Service was good. Flight attendants were friendly" Cons: "The departure area at terminal 1 YYZ was crowded and not the most comfortable experience" Pros: "Brand new very nice/comfortable planes. Great routes and flight departure/arrive times. Really great value." Cons: "They’re a budget airline so they nickel and dime you for food and beverage. They are not a member of “sky team” so if they have a flight delay or cancellation they will not book you on another airline." Pros: "I liked that we got served a lot of snacks and food :)" Cons: "Nothing honestly! Smooth flight :)" Pros: "Ended up flying with air canada after they switched us" Cons: "Lufthansa switched us three times , and then when we got to the airport in toronto it was air Canada. They found our grandparents tickets but not ours. Ridicule our flight was supposed to be only 1h layover, inatead it’s 6 and we are going to miss all our next travel accommodations." Cons: "The flight was delayed. There was a terrible backlog in Security at Frankfurt Airport. This is not Lufthansa's fault but considering how important Frankfurt is, you would think the airlines would say something. The flight was late. There were no proper queues for boarding. Everone was mixed up, business, gold card, economy, and only one person doing the chekcing of boarding passes. It was not the best process." Cons: "Our flight was 9 hours late. We were given no notice of this until we arrived at the gate. it took an hour if holding before we could reach customer service. Customer service at our arrival gate was extremely slow. Baggage claim closed before my daughter’s luggage was released and it was lost until the next day. Our connecting flight was booked incorrectly do we had to spend the night in Frankfurt. Our 13 hour flight took 29 hours. The food was awful." Pros: "The seats are comfortable and the plane was clean and well-presented." Cons: "The flight left with a slight delay. As I boarded, I was issued a new seat in the middle, as opposed to the window seat I had selected. There was zero explanation for this change. When I approached the flight attendants about it, with a smile on my end, I was offered the equivalent of a shrug. As I gave up, I was also informed there was no more room in the overhead bins, so not only did I end up sitting in the middle (which I loathe), but also with my carry-on under my feet. I’ve always been a fan of Lufthansa, but I’m a little disappointed this time around." Cons: "You cancelled. Cost me lost lodging, missed connecting flights and a day of my trip." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 KLM7.8 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 11/2Sun 1 stop 23h 21mYYZ-CDG C$ 249 Search 4/2Sun 1 stop 23h 21mYYZ-CDG C$ 253 Search 26/2Mon 1 stopAir Transat 28h 25mYYZ-CDG C$ 348 Search 14/3Thu 1 stopAir Transat 17h 20mYYZ-CDG C$ 349 Search 13/12Wed 1 stopIcelandair 10h 15mYYZ-CDG C$ 427 Search 30/12Sat 1 stopIcelandair 10h 15mYYZ-CDG C$ 448 Search 27/2Tue directLufthansa 7h 40mYYZ-CDG C$ 485 Search 15/1Mon directLufthansa 7h 40mYYZ-CDG C$ 487 Search 10/1Wed 1 stopAir Canada 27h 45mYYZ-CDG C$ 490 Search 30/1Tue 2 stopsAir Canada 27h 45mYYZ-CDG C$ 508 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir TransatIcelandairLufthansaAir Canada Search by priceC$ 250 or lessC$ 350 or lessC$ 450 or lessC$ 490 or lessC$ 510 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to Charles de Gaulle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Transat 28h 25mYYZ-CDG 8/12Fri multi-stopAir Transat 28h 06mCDG-YYZ C$ 505 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Transat 28h 25mYYZ-CDG 9/12Sat multi-stopAir Transat 12h 54mCDG-YYZ C$ 510 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopIcelandair 10h 15mYYZ-CDG 10/12Sun multi-stopIcelandair 11h 15mCDG-YYZ C$ 716 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopIcelandair 10h 15mYYZ-CDG 14/1Sun multi-stopIcelandair 11h 05mCDG-YYZ C$ 744 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAir Canada 15h 20mYYZ-CDG 1/2Thu directAir Canada 8h 35mCDG-YYZ C$ 1,026 Search 4/12Mon directLufthansa 7h 40mYYZ-CDG 1/2Thu directLufthansa 8h 35mCDG-YYZ C$ 1,030 Search 4/12Mon directLufthansa 7h 40mYYZ-CDG 1/2Thu directLufthansa 8h 35mCDG-YYZ C$ 1,033 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 9h 20mYYZ-CDG 13/1Sat directAir Canada 8h 35mCDG-YYZ C$ 1,084 Search 4/12Mon directAir France 7h 15mYYZ-CDG 13/1Sat multi-stopAir France 13h 30mCDG-YYZ C$ 1,108 Search 5/12Tue directAir France 7h 15mYYZ-CDG 13/1Sat directAir France 8h 25mCDG-YYZ C$ 1,113 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir TransatIcelandairAir CanadaLufthansaAir France Search by priceC$ 510 or lessC$ 740 or lessC$ 1,030 or lessC$ 1,080 or lessC$ 1,110 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Destination: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)France Return flight deals: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris C$ 2,834 Business Class flights to Paris C$ 1,839 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris C$ 658 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 505Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris » Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport C$ 505Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.