Cheap Flights from Abbotsford to Calgary from C$ 37 | (YXX - YYC) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YXX - YYC Find cheap flights from Abbotsford to Calgary from C$ 37 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 31/3. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Calgary These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Abbotsford to Calgary, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Abbotsford to Calgary, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Abbotsford to Calgary?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Abbotsford to Calgary that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:40 p.m. - 11:05 p.m.YXX-YYC 1h 25mdirect 2:30 p.m. - 3:05 p.m.YYC-YXX 1h 35mdirect C$ 47Flair Airlines Find Deal Tue, 27 Feb - Wed, 6 Mar 8:40 p.m. - 11:05 p.m.YXX-YYC 1h 25mdirect 2:30 p.m. - 3:05 p.m.YYC-YXX 1h 35mdirect C$ 48Flair Airlines Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 8:40 p.m. - 11:05 p.m.YXX-YYC 1h 25mdirect 2:30 p.m. - 3:05 p.m.YYC-YXX 1h 35mdirect C$ 50Flair Airlines Find Deal Tue, 19 Mar - Fri, 22 Mar 8:40 p.m. - 11:05 p.m.YXX-YYC 1h 25mdirect 2:30 p.m. - 3:05 p.m.YYC-YXX 1h 35mdirect C$ 52Flair Airlines Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 8:40 p.m. - 11:05 p.m.YXX-YYC 1h 25mdirect 2:30 p.m. - 3:05 p.m.YYC-YXX 1h 35mdirect C$ 53Flair Airlines Find Deal Sat, 3 Feb - Sat, 10 Feb 8:40 p.m. - 11:05 p.m.YXX-YYC 1h 25mdirect 2:30 p.m. - 3:05 p.m.YYC-YXX 1h 35mdirect C$ 54Flair Airlines Find Deal Sat, 3 Feb - Sat, 10 Feb 5:45 p.m. - 8:12 p.m.YXX-YYC 1h 27mdirect 2:30 p.m. - 3:05 p.m.YYC-YXX 1h 35mdirect C$ 81 Find Deal Tue, 16 Jan - Sat, 20 Jan 5:50 p.m. - 8:04 p.m.YXX-YYC 1h 14mdirect 7:15 p.m. - 7:44 p.m.YYC-YXX 1h 29mdirect C$ 86WestJet Find Deal Sat, 16 Mar - Sun, 24 Mar 6:00 a.m. - 8:18 a.m.YXX-YYC 1h 18mdirect 4:25 p.m. - 4:51 p.m.YYC-YXX 1h 26mdirect C$ 97WestJet Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 5:50 p.m. - 8:04 p.m.YXX-YYC 1h 14mdirect 11:40 p.m. - 12:07 a.m.YYC-YXX 1h 27mdirect C$ 114WestJet Find Deal Tue, 16 Apr - Sat, 20 Apr Show more results Flights from Abbotsford to Calgary - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Abbotsford to Calgary to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Abbotsford to Calgary? The average price of all flights from Abbotsford to Calgary clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Abbotsford to Calgary, you should consider leaving on a Tuesday and avoid Sundays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Abbotsford, you’ll find the best rates on Wednesdays and the most expensive ones on Fridays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Abbotsford to Calgary? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Abbotsford to Calgary, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Abbotsford to Calgary is March, where tickets cost C$ 98 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 217 and C$ 202 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Abbotsford to Calgary? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Abbotsford to Calgary, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Abbotsford to Calgary, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 81 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Abbotsford to Calgary? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Abbotsford to Calgary were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 64) and WestJet (C$ 117). WestJet proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 37. Which airlines fly direct between Abbotsford and Calgary? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Abbotsford to Calgary. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Abbotsford to Calgary. They are Flair Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest airline for this route is Flair Airlines, with the best deal found costing C$ 64. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Abbotsford and Calgary per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 5 nonstop flights that take off from Abbotsford and land in Calgary, with an average flight time of 1h 23m. The most common departure time is 12:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 15 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 33% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Abbotsford and Calgary? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Abbotsford to Calgary take? A direct flight to Calgary will take on average 1h 12m to travel the 1,030 km flying distance from Abbotsford. What’s the earliest departure time from Abbotsford to Calgary? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Abbotsford at 6:00 am and will be landing in Calgary at 8:20 am. What’s the latest departure time from Abbotsford to Calgary? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Abbotsford to Calgary jets off at 8:45 pm and lands at 11:00 pm. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight C$ 37 Best time to beat the crowds (9% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (45% more expensive on average) Flight from Abbotsford to Calgary When to book flights from Abbotsford to Calgary Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Abbotsford to Calgary based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Abbotsford to Calgary Does the Calgary International Airport (YYC) offer any services or amenities to get freshened up after a flight from Abbotsford? Passengers can utilize shower services for a fee inside the Aspire Lounge in the International Terminal. There are also showers available for a fee in the OraOxygen Wellness Spa, plus this location also offers a full line of spa services and treatments that make a great way to get rejuvenated after a flight. Are there any rideshare services available at Calgary International Airport, and if so, where should I plan on meeting my ride after my flight? This airport offers rideshare services from two different companies. Passengers are advised to make sure they've collected all of their baggage before requesting a ride. When you request a ride, you can pick up your ride at either end of the terminal building adjacent to door number one or door number 12 on the Departures Level. Make sure that your rideshare vehicle has a TNC seal sticker clearly visible on the bottom left-hand side of the back window, as this is a requirement for rideshare vehicles operating at the airport. Can I fly from Abbotsford to Calgary non-stop? Yes, all flights from Abbotsford to Calgary are direct flights. These flights are typically operated by WestJet. Is there public transportation available from the airport in Calgary? Yes, several bus routes connect Calgary International Airport to Downtown Calgary. To find the buses, exit Door 2 on the Arrivals Level from the Domestic Terminal. At Pillar 7 across the road, you’ll find a ticket machine. You can take Route 100 to connect to the light rail transit Blue Line or the North Pointe Bus Terminal for a transfer, or you can take Route 300 to connect directly to the downtown area. You can purchase either one-ride tickets for about C$ 4 or get a day pass for just over C$ 10. Does Abbotsford International Airport offer services for passengers with limited mobility? Yes, all of Abbotsford International Airport’s facilities are accessible for passengers with limited mobility. With an area for service animal relief, accessible parking, and adjustments to the security screening process, you’ll be able to navigate the airport smoothly. If you need more assistance, contact your airline in advance. Does Calgary International Airport offer services for passengers with limited mobility? Yes, all the facilities at the airport are accessible for passengers with disabilities. This includes a service animal relief area, wheelchair assistance, an accessible website, and an accessibility request form. If you need extra assistance beyond what is already provided, fill in the online request form or contact your airline in advance. Are there any hotels near Calgary International Airport? Yes, there are two hotels in the terminal at Calgary International Airport. These are the Calgary Airport Marriott In-Terminal Hotel and the Delta Hotels In-Terminal Calgary Airport. Both are directly connected to the terminal for your comfort and convenience. Hotels nearby include the Wyndham Calgary Airport and Hotel Clique Calgary Airport. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Abbotsford to Calgary? Air Canada, Air France, WestJet, Delta, and WestJet Encore offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Abbotsford to Calgary flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Abbotsford to Calgary? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Abbotsford to Calgary flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Abbotsford to Calgary? SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Abbotsford and Calgary, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Abbotsford to Calgary? There are direct flights from Abbotsford to Calgary on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Abbotsford to Calgary, WestJet or Flair Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Abbotsford to Calgary are WestJet and Flair Airlines. With an average price for the route of C$ 168 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Flair Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 118 and an overall rating of 6.4. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Abbotsford to Calgary? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Abbotsford to Calgary. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Abbotsford to Calgary? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Calgary from Abbotsford is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Abbotsford to Calgary? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Calgary with an airline and back to Abbotsford with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Abbotsford to Calgary? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Calgary from Abbotsford up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Abbotsford to Calgary Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 78 or less one-way and C$ 172 or less round-trip. One of the best reasons to travel on Air Canada for flights between Abbotsford and Calgary is the huge selection of entertainment choices they offer on their flights, including a number of live television stations as well as movies and music. If passengers are looking for a different selection of flights to Calgary, they might consider traveling to the west and flying out of Vancouver International Airport (YVR). From this airport, you will find direct flights aboard Lynx Air, Flair Airlines, and Air Canada to Calgary International Airport (YYC). One reason to choose WestJet for your trip from Abbotsford to Calgary is that when you choose their premium service, you get two checked bags for free, priority check-in for yourself and your baggage, and a free bottle of water upon boarding. Abbotsford International Airport (YXX) is easy to reach via public transport. The Reliable Bus offers service between the airport and SkyTrain stations in Vancouver and Burnaby. You can also take West Coast Express trains from Downtown Abbotsford to the airport or several city buses. If you need to park your car at Abbotsford International Airport, there is a Daily/Weekly Lot and an Overflow Lot. Rates start at about C$ 10 per day. If you're traveling with children, there will be plenty of facilities available to assist you when you arrive in Calgary. If you need extra help, find one of the White Hat Volunteers located throughout the airport. If you’re renting a car when you arrive at Calgary International Airport (YYC), you can find the rental car center on the Departures Level across the road from the Domestic Terminal. Is someone picking you up when you arrive in Calgary International Airport? Tell them to wait in the Cell Phone Lot located on the Arrivals Level. This lot is designated for pick-ups only and is free of charge, making it the most convenient option for pick-ups that need a short-term parking spot. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Abbotsford to Calgary? Find which airlines fly direct from Abbotsford to Calgary, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Abbotsford to Calgary Search flights Monday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Friday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Calgary to Abbotsford Search flights Monday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Friday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Delta,Flair Airlines,KLM, +3 more Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top airlines flying from Abbotsford to Calgary See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Abbotsford to Calgary. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Abbotsford to Calgary? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 71food 77comfort 70entertainment 81boarding 84crew 80overall Airline reviews person sitting behind me on flight to Calgary was vapingRead more about WestJet person sitting behind me on flight to Calgary was vaping Cons: "The gate in Calgary took approximately 45 minutes to allow off the plane . We arrived early but by the time we were able to leave the plane , boarding for our next flight had already begun. We had to go through customs and other planes from the US had similar problems. Therefore many were delayed." Pros: "The stewardess accidentally spilled a little water on me but she was so nice about it and apologetic that she paid for my drink. Good people skills in bad situations make a huge difference." Pros: "Crew and staff at gate fantastic. Accommodated me sitting with partner on both legs (booked flights separately)." Cons: "Flight was delayed. Always tough late at night." Cons: "Communication from you all. I missed my flight because of the terrible instructions and communication" Cons: "After landing, we were waiting on the tarmac for sometime and I needed to use the restroom I was an allowed to do so. It would’ve taken me a short short time. I went to The rear of the plane to use the restroom and was told to get in my seat." Pros: "Newest 787 plane in the fleet. Really comfortable seats and terrific in-flight entertainment" Pros: "Nice plane, comfortable" Cons: "We missed our runway and had to quickly ascend and retry. Disembarking the plane took 40 minutes due to the YYC skywalk being frozen. During this all communication with the passengers was minimal." Pros: "Boarding smooth and quick, up up and away, watched TV for the whole trip, smooth landing and 15 minutes ahead of the time." Cons: "Flight was delayed an hour which isnt horrible but then had to sit on the plane an additional hour waiting for take off. I barely made my connecting flight in Calgary. They should have held that plane because i know the elderlt women next to didnt make it. Staff were not attentive enough. Buzzed them servial times and no response." Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Abbotsford to Calgary Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Abbotsford to Calgary found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 31/3Sun directWestJet 1h 14mYXX-YYC C$ 27 Search 4/1Thu directFlair Airlines 1h 25mYXX-YYC C$ 28 Search 7/1Sun directFlair Airlines 1h 25mYXX-YYC C$ 29 Search 28/2Wed directFlair Airlines 1h 25mYXX-YYC C$ 30 Search 9/12Sat directFlair Airlines 1h 25mYXX-YYC C$ 31 Search 1/2Thu directFlair Airlines 1h 25mYXX-YYC C$ 32 Search 27/3Wed directWestJet 1h 15mYXX-YYC C$ 33 Search 28/1Sun directWestJet 1h 18mYXX-YYC C$ 40 Search 8/12Fri directFlair Airlines 1h 25mYXX-YYC C$ 43 Search 28/1Sun 1 stop 19h 54mYXX-YYC C$ 116 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetFlair Airlines Search by priceC$ 30 or lessC$ 30 or lessC$ 30 or lessC$ 40 or lessC$ 120 or less Last minute flights from Abbotsford to Calgary Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Abbotsford to Calgary that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 1h 25mYXX-YYC 9/12Sat directFlair Airlines 1h 35mYYC-YXX C$ 77 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 1h 25mYXX-YYC 7/12Thu directFlair Airlines 1h 35mYYC-YXX C$ 88 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 1h 25mYXX-YYC 9/12Sat directFlair Airlines 1h 35mYYC-YXX C$ 107 Search 5/12Tue direct 1h 16mYXX-YYC 7/12Thu direct 1h 35mYYC-YXX C$ 129 Search 5/12Tue direct 1h 16mYXX-YYC 8/12Fri direct 1h 35mYYC-YXX C$ 144 Search 4/12Mon direct 1h 25mYXX-YYC 6/12Wed direct 1h 39mYYC-YXX C$ 148 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 1h 16mYXX-YYC 6/12Wed directWestJet 1h 39mYYC-YXX C$ 182 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 1h 16mYXX-YYC 7/12Thu directWestJet 1h 37mYYC-YXX C$ 187 Search 1/12Fri direct 1h 15mYXX-YYC 7/12Thu direct 1h 35mYYC-YXX C$ 190 Search 4/12Mon directWestJet 1h 16mYXX-YYC 6/12Wed directWestJet 1h 39mYYC-YXX C$ 210 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesWestJet Search by priceC$ 90 or lessC$ 130 or lessC$ 150 or lessC$ 190 or lessC$ 210 or less Abbotsford - Calgary Flights Departure: Abbotsford (YXX)Canada Destination: Calgary (YYC)Canada Return flight deals: Calgary - Abbotsford Cabin classes: C$ 1,868 First Class flights to Calgary C$ 2,024 Business Class flights to Calgary C$ 1,197 Prem Econ Class flights to Calgary C$ 80 Economy Class flights to Calgary Browse origins: Flights » Canada » British Columbia » Abbotsford C$ 62Flights from Abbotsford to Calgary Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Alberta » Calgary C$ 62Flights to Calgary, Calgary Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Kelowna Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Ottawa Flights to Yellowknife Flights to Kamloops Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Calgary flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Calgary from Abbotsford. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Calgary from Abbotsford. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.