Cheap Flights from Atlanta to New York from $26 | (ATL - NYC) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ATL - NYC Find cheap flights from Atlanta to New York from $26 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/4. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to New York These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to New York. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to New York. How much is the cheapest flight from Atlanta to New York?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Atlanta to New York that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:47 am - 10:00 amATL-LGA 2h 13mnonstop 10:59 am - 1:47 pmLGA-ATL 2h 48mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Tue, Feb 6 7:47 am - 10:00 amATL-LGA 2h 13mnonstop 10:59 am - 1:47 pmLGA-ATL 2h 48mnonstop $48Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Wed, Jan 31 11:40 am - 1:54 pmATL-EWR 2h 14mnonstop 2:55 pm - 5:30 pmEWR-ATL 2h 35mnonstop $60Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Sat, Feb 3 6:45 am - 9:02 amATL-EWR 2h 17mnonstop 2:55 pm - 5:30 pmEWR-ATL 2h 35mnonstop $61Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Mon, Jan 22 11:43 am - 1:59 pmATL-JFK 2h 16mnonstop 5:08 pm - 11:18 pmJFK-ATL 6h 10m1 stop $135JetBlue Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sat, Jan 20 11:40 am - 1:54 pmATL-JFK 2h 14mnonstop 3:34 pm - 6:14 pmJFK-ATL 2h 40mnonstop $148JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Wed, Jan 24 3:01 pm - 7:59 pmATL-JFK 4h 58m1 stop 8:00 am - 2:41 pmJFK-ATL 6h 41m1 stop $154American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Tue, Feb 6 6:51 am - 10:30 amATL-JFK 3h 39m1 stop 7:15 pm - 11:47 pmJFK-ATL 4h 32m1 stop $156American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Tue, Feb 20 5:37 pm - 8:00 pmATL-JFK 2h 23mnonstop 6:40 pm - 9:28 pmJFK-ATL 2h 48mnonstop $163Delta Find Deal Thu, Jan 4 - Mon, Jan 8 9:35 pm - 11:56 pmATL-JFK 2h 21mnonstop 5:40 pm - 8:24 pmJFK-ATL 2h 44mnonstop $168Delta Find Deal Sat, Feb 17 - Thu, Feb 22 Show more results Flights from Atlanta to New York - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Atlanta to New York to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Atlanta to New York flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Atlanta to New York. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Atlanta to New York cost $33 and was between Atlanta and New York LaGuardia Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $62. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Atlanta to New York? The average price of all flights from Atlanta to New York clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to New York on a Tuesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from Atlanta to New York. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Tuesday and avoiding Mondays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Atlanta to New York? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Atlanta to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Atlanta to New York is January, where tickets cost $157 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and November, where the average cost of tickets is $248 and $228 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Atlanta to New York? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Atlanta to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Atlanta to New York, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Atlanta to New York? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Spirit Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $26. KAYAK users also found Atlanta to New York round-trip flights on Frontier from $38 and on Spirit Airlines from $60. Which airlines fly non-stop between Atlanta and New York? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Atlanta to New York. There are 6 airlines that fly nonstop from Atlanta to New York. They are: Delta, Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $43 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Atlanta and New York per day? Each day, there are between 33 and 44 nonstop flights that take off from Atlanta and land in New York, with an average flight time of 2h 15m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at New York LaGuardia Airport. Each week, there are 270 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Atlanta and New York? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Atlanta to New York take? Direct flights cover the 754 miles separating Atlanta to New York in about 2h 13m. What’s the earliest departure time from Atlanta to New York? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Atlanta at 5:35 am and will be landing in New York at 8:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from Atlanta to New York? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Atlanta to New York jets off at 10:45 pm and lands at 12:52 am. Good to know Low season January High season December Cheapest flight $26 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 16% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 34% increase in price. Flight from Atlanta to New York LaGuardia Airport When to book flights from Atlanta to New York Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Atlanta to New York based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Atlanta to New York What sort of amenities are there for business travelers to John F. Kennedy Airport? If you’re flying into John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) on business, there is an in-airport hotel, great for long layovers and quick visits to JFK. The TWA Airport is located in Terminal 5 of the airport, accessible by AirTrain from other terminals. You’ll find it on Level 1 by the Yellow Parking Garage. Which airport should I fly into to see the Statue of Liberty? If the Statue of Liberty is going to be your first stop directly from the airport, you can look to book flights into LaGuardia Airport (LGA). This entry airport happens to have the most convenient public transportation route to the Statue of Liberty Ferry in The Battery Park. You can expect it to take about 1h 15min to make the whole journey, taking the LaGuardia Link bus to Harlem, and then metro lines 4 or 5 to Bowling Green. Are there any accessibility services for passengers with reduced mobility arriving at LaGuardia? The TSA Cares Program is a service available to passengers arriving at LaGuardia Airport (LGA) who need assistance. You can get in contact with them at least 72 hours before your departure date to schedule for someone to pick you up from your arrival gate and assist you through the terminal. LaGuardia also has the Sunflower lanyard program to accommodate travelers with hidden disabilities. Is there a way to take public transportation to Atlanta Airport (ATL)? Yes, there are multiple ways, however the most convenient is by the MARTA subway system. Both the Red and the Gold lines make the trip in about 15 minutes. You can expect to pay about $3 for the subway. The Greyhound bus takes about the same time but can cost between $8-13. What is the best way to travel from LaGuardia Airport to Midtown Manhattan? Because New York tends to have a high concentration of cars on the road, one of the easiest ways to travel between LaGuardia Airport and Midtown Manhattan is by using public transportation. You can begin by taking the Q70 Laguardia Link bus, and eventually transferring to either the F, M, or R subway lines. Can I store my luggage at John F. Kennedy International Airport? John F. Kennedy International Airport provides short-term luggage storage lockers that are located in the Arrivals terminal. They can be accessed between 7 am and 11 pm and the rates vary depending on the size of the suitcase that you would like to store. Are there any amenities for kids at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport has two small play areas that are located near gates A8 and A23, both of which are great options to let kids work off some energy before boarding a flight. There are also several art exhibits at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport that serve as a great family activity to keep children engaged and entertained during a day of traveling. Where can I take a shower at John F. Kennedy International Airport? If you would like to refresh yourself after your flight lands, purchase an access pass for the Airspace Lounge located in John F. Kennedy International Airport’s main terminal. This lounge not only provides travelers with showering facilities but also with a comfortable place to take a quick nap or simply relax. Do I need a passport to fly between Atlanta and New York? A passport is not required to fly from Atlanta to New York. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Atlanta to New York? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Atlanta to New York flight route: JetBlue, American Airlines, Delta, Cape Air, Air France, Spirit Airlines, Virgin Atlantic, and KLM. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Atlanta to New York? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Atlanta to New York flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Atlanta to New York? SkyTeam, Star Alliance, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Atlanta and New York, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Atlanta to New York? There are nonstop flights from Atlanta to New York on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Atlanta to New York, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Atlanta to New York are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $268 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $197 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Atlanta to New York? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Atlanta to New York. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Atlanta to New York? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to New York from Atlanta is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Atlanta to New York? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to New York with an airline and back to Atlanta with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Atlanta to New York? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to New York from Atlanta up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Atlanta to New York Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $109 or less one-way and $176 or less round-trip. Although direct flights are operating from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) to the different New York City airports, you may find it cheaper when flying with a layover in between. Spirit Airlines offers routes to Newark (EWR) with one layover in Fort Lauderdale Airport (FLL), and United Airlines goes to LaGuardia (LGA) stopping in Washington D.C. (DCA). For those renting a car upon their arrival at Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR), catch the AirTrain from your arrival terminal. Take the train and head towards the airport’s P3 Parking lot following the directions to rental cars, where you’ll find all the car rental agencies. If you're flying out of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) with a pet or your service animal, stop by one of the animal relief stations located inside the different concourses. In concourse T it’s by gate T7, by A10 in Concourse A, B33 in Concourse B, C19 in Concourse C, E14 in Concourse E, F7 in Concourse F as well as at D-Midpoint and the arrivals level of the International Terminal, outside door A1. If you’re driving to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) in an electric vehicle for a short trip to New York, locate one of the EV charging stations. They’re on the ground floor of the North and South Domestic Terminal Daily Parking Lots. Mothers can visit the multiple lactation pods available around the Atlanta Airport before departing. You’ll find them near Gates T7, B5, D34, the E Centerpoint, and F5. If you are planning on booking flights from Atlanta to New York, make sure to take into consideration where you are going to stay in the city. While LaGuardia Airport is a convenient choice for travelers going to Queens and Long Island, John F. Kennedy International Airport is best for those staying in Manhattan. Newark Liberty International Airport is also an option that is practical for travelers going to New Jersey. Because Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport is a major hub for Delta Airlines, this company provides many direct flights from Atlanta to New York. If you wish to avoid having a layover and are interested in having many different timetables to choose from, consider booking your ticket with Delta. Flying with either American or United Airlines? Check to see if you can have free access to their private lounges located in the Departures terminal of Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport. These lounges offer many amenities, such as complimentary snacks, high-speed WiFI, and television access, making them a convenient place to pass the time before your flight takes off. Interested in grabbing a bite to eat before your flight leaves from Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? Blue Moon Brewhouse is a casual restaurant that has an American-style menu, while Lorena Garcia Tapas offers a variety of wine and Spanish-inspired appetizers. If you would like to have some pampering after your flight has landed at John F. Kennedy International Airport, pay a visit to one of the several XpresSpas located throughout the airport’s Departures and Arrivals terminals. These spas offer a variety of manicures, massages, and facials, making it an enjoyable way to treat yourself. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to New York? Find which airlines fly direct from Hartsfield-Jackson to New York, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to New York Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +20 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +21 more 19 20 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +20 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +21 more 19 20 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +20 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +21 more 19 20 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +20 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +21 more 19 20 Friday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +20 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +21 more 19 20 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +19 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +20 more 18 19 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +20 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +21 more 19 20 See more direct flights Nonstop returns New York to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +18 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +19 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +20 more 18 19 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +17 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +18 more 16 17 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +18 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +19 more 17 18 Friday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +19 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +20 more 18 19 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +16 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +18 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +19 more 17 18 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Atlanta to New York See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Atlanta to New York. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Atlanta to New York? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14225 reviews 80entertainment 86overall 87boarding 78food 90crew 84comfort Airline reviews Pros: "I was grateful for the social distancing and the crew was very pleasant." Pros: "I was grateful for the social distancing and the crew was very pleasant." Cons: "Flight was over an hour late. We had to get off the plan because of a fuel problems." Cons: "I was able to connect to internet and watch movie Thank you" Pros: "Crew was amazing boarding process was ok." Cons: "Seats could be more comfortable and cleanliness of the plan could be better." Pros: "The entertainment was great. I wish WiFi would have worked." Cons: "Courteous service is there. I do not think of anything better." Pros: "New plane. Much quieter and nicer. Also got aisle seat in emergency row, so had plenty of room." Cons: "I still think the charge of $8 for internet is just too high. Although I enjoyed watching football game, I would rather listen to Apple Music subscription. But I’m not paying $8 for this pleasure for 2 hours. How about reducing the price to $2 or something else that is less." Pros: "The ability to sit next to my person." Cons: "Soccer team of over 20 kids who were allowed to act their age. Also, your pretzel bags are hard to open. Southwest flight attendants were awesome." Pros: "The shortness of the trip and the flight attendants were very friendly." Cons: "It was packed full of people, the plane was old, and the seats were uncomfortable." Pros: "I interacted with several crew and employees who were all very helpful and friendly." Cons: "The seat was small, but such is coach. Nothing particular to complain about, and I didn't mind the general seating as much as I thought I would, I had good seatmates." Cons: "The inflight system was hard to use. The rented iPads had to be given back almost an hour before the end of the flight." Pros: "Andrew and James the flight attendants were fantastic. The flight crew was great. Very smooth flight." Pros: "Everything was superb! The airline I prefer did a great job! The seats, the food selections, the staff - everything!" Cons: "Nothing. Everything was just perfect!" Pros: "The plane was clean and the ticket was cheap." Cons: "Boarding process was needlessly complicated — just assign everybody a seat beforehand. Gate agents were rude. Seats are very uncomfortable and it’s difficult to sleep on red eyes. It should be prohibited to fly 737s cross-country." Pros: "The crew was very happy and welcoming." Cons: "We were late and I missed my flight. I was told Flt 452 from LAX to JFK is notoriously late. Also, there could have been more updates about our delayed arrival." Pros: "I just really like the customer experience with Alaska. I dislike flying, but Alaska makes things as painless as possible." Cons: "I don't think anything could've been better, it's not possible to be comfortable in coach, but we all already know that." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Should have let me cancel, or gave me credit for another flight, my schedule changers and I asked 2 months in advance, they could care less" Pros: "Crew very helpful especially considering I had a child with me. Boarding process was very easy. Departure process was very easy." Cons: "Food and seating could have been better considering the price for first class." Pros: "Fast boarding, nice crew, good flight!" Cons: "I know it was a late night flight but I expected more than just a little cookie and 1 drink for 5 hours and a half. The seats were fine but could be more comfortable." Pros: "Crew is always lovely on these flights. attentive and courteous." Cons: "I got bumped to first class. Which sounds amazing, until you realize it’s the worst first class you’ve ever experienced." Pros: "The crew members were to patience with everyone and making sure everyone have a comfortable flight." Cons: "N/A" Cons: "The flight was an hour delayed due to technical / gas issues" Cons: "WiFi didn’t work well, tv had to be reset" Pros: "Complimentary snacks and drinks." Cons: "Broken seat back, broken tray table, audio input didn't work." Pros: "Crew was nice, and pilot was helpful and got us there early." Cons: "My screen for movies didn’t work, and the level of comfort was... almost none. I would’ve upgraded to more room, but for $55? When I’m already checking a bag for $30? On top of flight price? Too high, expected JetBlue to not jam pack all the seats like the exit aisle.... for long flights, not again." Pros: "The general experience was mostly the same as usual except for the extremely long delay caused by weather (out of the airline's control)." Cons: "JetBlue staff at ATL never once updated passengers on the delay. The overhead space filled up too quickly during boarding and I was forced to check carry-on without time to secure or gather my effects. JetBlue baggage claim staff at JFK were then purposefully misleading and evasive." Pros: "This time within the last couple months the trip a lot better." Cons: "Newer plane with less issues. Wasn’t comfortable at all and should be cleaner." Cons: "Double verification at JFK due to booking via agent. They stopped the travelers for dou le verification which they have verified all the douments double time" Cons: "Nobody speaks english. Announcement also in Portuguese. Very difficult for foreigners. Gate people are awful." Bad crew with full of attitude, bad plane. Pls get some new planes. No food, no drinks nothing Cons: "No social distancing at all while boarding and exiting the plane you must keeplpeople in their seats !!! I love your airline although I usually just pick the best deal but it’s always a pleasure when that option is also delta" Cons: "Flight delayed 3 hours, then a seats were very cramped and uncomfortable" Pros: "On a quick 40 minute flight they still managed to serve coffee, water and snacks." Cons: "Always delays , three times late before took off and than while landing ! First class seat and seat tray don’t close , tv doesn’t work how it suppose too" Cons: "Seats are terrible - need replacing-worn out; say like Queen Latina, setting on top of one another; absolutely no leg room!" Cons: "just an old plane. still had ashtrays in it. but overall ok because arrived safely and professionalism of staff was quite commendable" Pros: "48 hours travel from Europe Thanks to sucky Delta airlines that are absolutely the most horrible company Never ever again" Pros: "The crew was understanding and sympathetic to the customer's frustration with a delayed flight." Cons: "Delta should have figured out a way to not delay the flight. Every flight was delayed." Pros: "We actually did not fly this route. We bought a car and drove home!" Flight late …60 minutes No food No wifi No entertainment system A disaster!!! The flight was on time and they didn't loose my luggage. The plane wasn't very clean. Understood that Premium domestic passengers had access to the Plaza Lounge at Winnipeg, James Richardson Airport. Not the case. Not a good start to the trip. Generally fly Business Class on Air Canada which includes access to the Maple Leaf Lounge. All future flights will be with Air Canada. The plane was so hot and the air above was basically nothing. Pros: "The crew was fine" Cons: "the checked luggage took over an hour to arrive at the carousel. ZERO communication. Other flights arrived after ours and all their baggage arrived and they all left while we stood. No information. No explanation. Poor" Pros: "The seating in the 737 was comfortable." Cons: "This flight was booked as a connection through Atlanta on Delta. When I checked in (on the previous flight) was able to select seats or print a boarding pass for the Atlanta to Calgary leg." Cons: "Our trip got completely rerouted - we are still in Edmonton and expected to be with family in Regina a couple of hours ago. :(((" Pros: "Crew was very friendly and helpful" Cons: "This was the first time in 37 years that I have flown so i had a little motion sickness but that has nothing to do with your crew or airline. This experience was very good thank you" Pros: "The crew was polite, even with the numerous delays. Other than that, the multiple delays (3; 8:30 -> 11:30, 11:30 -> 13:05, 13:05 -> 15:30) rubbed me the wrong way and lessened my experience with West Jet. Kayak was very responsive and reliable on their end." Cons: "West Jet; the delays which took around 6 hours from my weekend trip." Pros: "We left Calgary just as the snow started. What great timing! The flight was smooth, the service and food were excellent. We always have a good trip with WestJet, especially thanks to all the great staff on the ground and on-board." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 Book cheap flights from Atlanta to New York Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Atlanta to New York found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/4Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 25mATL-LGA $26 Search 1/4Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 25mATL-LGA $28 Search 2/27Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 13mATL-LGA $30 Search 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 14mATL-LGA $39 Search 2/27Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 21mATL-JFK $74 Search 1/19Fri nonstopJetBlue 2h 16mATL-JFK $79 Search 1/3Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 20mATL-EWR $84 Search 12/19Tue nonstopDelta 2h 19mATL-JFK $89 Search 12/18Mon nonstopDelta 2h 19mATL-JFK $119 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 59mATL-EWR $183 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierJetBlueUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$30 or less$40 or less$80 or less$90 or less$180 or less Last minute flights from Atlanta to New York Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Atlanta to New York that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 24mATL-LGA 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 40mLGA-ATL $90 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 25mATL-LGA 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 04mLGA-ATL $107 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 9h 34mATL-LGA 12/6Wed nonstop 2h 38mLGA-ATL $108 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 14mATL-LGA 12/13Wed multi-stopFrontier 10h 58mLGA-ATL $165 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 14mATL-LGA 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 38mLGA-ATL $174 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 2h 18mATL-JFK 1/31Wed nonstopDelta 2h 38mJFK-ATL $288 Search 12/3Sun nonstopJetBlue 2h 20mATL-JFK 12/13Wed nonstopJetBlue 2h 39mJFK-ATL $298 Search 12/1Fri nonstopJetBlue 2h 20mATL-JFK 1/31Wed multi-stopJetBlue 8h 03mJFK-ATL $320 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 2h 22mATL-JFK 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 2h 33mJFK-ATL $329 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 45mATL-EWR 12/6Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 34mEWR-ATL $394 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaJetBlueUnited Airlines Search by price$110 or less$170 or less$290 or less$320 or less$390 or less Atlanta - New York Flights Departure: Atlanta (ATL)United States Return flight deals: New York - Atlanta Cabin classes: $467 First Class flights to New York $320 Business Class flights to New York $336 Prem Econ Class flights to New York $62 Economy Class flights to New York Browse origins: Flights » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $50Flights from Atlanta to New York Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » New York State » New York $401Flights to New Windsor, New York $148Flights to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, New York $50Flights to New York LaGuardia Airport, New York $60Flights to Newark Airport, New York Compare transportation modes for Atlanta to New York Average price Average duration Flights $596 2h 13m Trains $260 18h 21m Buses $199 17h 11m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Honolulu Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search New York flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to New York from Atlanta. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to New York from Atlanta. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.