Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Boston from $40 | (LAX - BOS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - BOS Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Boston from $40 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/14. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Boston These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Boston. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Boston. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Boston?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to Boston that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 3:40 pm - 6:50 amLAX-BOS 12h 10m1 stop 7:55 am - 7:46 pmBOS-LAX 14h 51m1 stop $87Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 11:59 pm - 8:18 amLAX-BOS 5h 19mnonstop 8:00 am - 11:38 amBOS-LAX 6h 38mnonstop $138JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Mar 20 - Wed, Mar 27 1:55 pm - 6:50 amLAX-BOS 13h 55m1 stop 9:37 pm - 10:43 pmBOS-LAX 28h 06m1 stop $145Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Mon, Dec 18 9:45 pm - 6:20 amLAX-BOS 5h 35mnonstop 7:35 am - 11:34 amBOS-LAX 6h 59mnonstop $188Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Wed, Jan 17 12:40 am - 11:25 amLAX-BOS 7h 45m1 stop 2:15 pm - 8:27 pmBOS-LAX 9h 12m1 stop $197Delta Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Sat, Jan 13 2:38 pm - 10:49 pmLAX-BOS 5h 11mnonstop 12:00 pm - 3:54 pmBOS-LAX 6h 54mnonstop $256American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 28 - Sun, Mar 3 11:55 pm - 10:16 amLAX-BOS 7h 21m1 stop 5:55 pm - 9:40 pmBOS-LAX 6h 45mnonstop $274United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 4 - Mon, Jan 8 7:35 am - 3:44 pmLAX-BOS 29h 09m1 stop 7:00 am - 4:44 pmBOS-LAX 12h 44m1 stop $294Alaska Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Thu, Jan 18 11:00 pm - 7:25 amLAX-BOS 5h 25mnonstop 8:30 am - 12:05 pmBOS-LAX 6h 35mnonstop $296United Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Wed, Dec 13 12:59 am - 11:43 amLAX-BOS 7h 44m1 stop 8:10 am - 1:52 pmBOS-LAX 8h 42m1 stop $297American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 20 - Fri, Mar 1 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to Boston - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to Boston to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to Boston? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to Boston clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Boston on a Tuesday and more expensive on a Sunday. On your return trip to Los Angeles, you should consider flying back on a Tuesday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to Boston? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to Boston is January, where tickets cost $277 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and December, where the average cost of tickets is $548 and $501 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to Boston? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to Boston, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 82 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to Boston? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Spirit Airlines ($40) and JetBlue ($69). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($87) and JetBlue ($138). Which airlines fly most frequently between Los Angeles and Boston? United Airlines connects Los Angeles to Boston with up to 3 flights per day. Delta also offers 2 flights per day, while JetBlue follows with 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and Boston? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to Boston. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Los Angeles to Boston. They are: American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with JetBlue at $153 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at United Airlines. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and Boston per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 13 nonstop flights that take off from Los Angeles and land in Boston, with an average flight time of 5h 30m. The most common departure time is 8:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 63 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and Boston? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to Boston take? Nonstop flights from Los Angeles generally make it to Boston in 5h 11m. The flying distance between the two cities is 2,603 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to Boston? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 12:43 am and will be landing in Boston at 9:09 am. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to Boston? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to Boston jets off at 11:59 pm and lands at 8:18 am. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight $40 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 34% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 6% lower on average. Flight from Los Angeles to Boston When to book flights from Los Angeles to Boston Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to Boston based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to Boston Which hotels are near Boston Logan International Airport (BOS)? Passengers who will be arriving late at Boston Logan International Airport should consider spending a night at a hotel near this facility. It saves you the unnecessary hassle of commuting after-dark. There are several hotels near this airport, such as Hilton Garden Inn Boston Logan Airport and TownePlace Suites by Marriott Boston Logan Airport/Chelsea. How can I get to the Freedom Trail from Boston Logan International Airport (BOS)? The Freedom Trail lies about 3.7 miles from Boston Logan International Airport (BOS). You can get there using various transportation options. For instance, line 88 bus and subway will get you to the Freedom Trail in about 26min. However, if you have a sense of urgency and want to be there quickly, a taxi is handy, as it takes around 6min. Where are spas located at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS)? If you feel fatigued upon arriving at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS), you can pop into a spa for some self-indulgence as you relax ahead of your next connection. You’ll get a spa in Terminal B. Services include facials, pedicure and manicure. You can also locate a salon on Terminal C to have your nails done. Are there prayer rooms at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS)? For the prayerful passengers who want to thank God for a safe flight, BOS has a chapel where you can escape to for a private moment. You can access it in Terminal C before security, on the Arrivals Level. Can I book a direct flight from Los Angeles to Boston? Yes. Several airlines including Jet Blue, United Airlines, American Airlines, and Delta all offer direct flights from Los Angeles to Boston Logan International Airport. How do I get to downtown Boston from Logan Airport? Logan Airport is located in East Boston, about 3 miles from the center. The easiest way to get downtown is using the Logan Express, a non-stop bus service between the airport and the Back Bay neighborhood. The trip takes about 20 minutes, and buses depart every 20 minutes. The Logan Express runs from 6:00 am to 10:00 pm from terminals A, B, C and E, and also serves Framingham, Braintree, Woburn, and Peabody. Tickets can be purchased onboard from the driver. If you prefer to travel by water taxi, take the free shuttle bus (number 66) from your airport terminal to the Boston Logan Dock. If you have reservations at a downtown hotel on the waterfront, water taxis are the most convenient way to get there. Passengers can also take water shuttles to Hingham and Hull on the South Shore. Public transport is also available from Logan Airport to downtown Boston, MA. Take the Silver Line 1 to South Station and connect with the Red Line to go downtown or to Cambridge, Harvard University, or MIT. I am a nervous flyer. What can I do to relax before my flight from LAX? As part of the Pets Unstressing Passengers (PUP) Program at LAX, trained therapy dogs with helpful handlers can be found on the departures level. Interactions with four-legged friends can help to calm the nerves of adults and children before flying. Travelers can also enjoy a soothing pre-flight massage at the XpresSpa, located in the Tom Bradley International Terminal or the Be Relax Spa in Terminal 1. I’m traveling with a baby. What services are available at LAX? If you’re traveling with a baby, private nursing stations can be found in every terminal. Mothers can nurse and change infants in a quiet, comfortable space without being disturbed. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and Boston? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to Boston? JetBlue, American Airlines, Air France, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to Boston flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to Boston? The Boeing 757-200 (winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to Boston flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to Boston? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and Boston, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to Boston? There are nonstop flights from Los Angeles to Boston on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to Boston, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to Boston are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $498 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $432 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Boston? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Boston. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Boston? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Boston from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Boston? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Boston with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and BOS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Boston? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Boston from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to Boston Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $179 or less one-way and $319 or less round-trip. Passengers flying aboard American Airlines from Los Angeles International Airport to Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) will be glad to know that the airline has a hub at BOS, and lounges in Terminal TB. The airline uses Terminals 4, 5 and Terminal TB at Los Angeles International Airport. If you fly with this carrier, be sure to enjoy priority services under the fast lane program and access its lounges. There are several hotels near Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), perfect for those with early morning departures. Plan to sleep closer to the airport and avoid the hassle of morning traffic as you rush to take your flight. Hampton Inn & Suites Lax El Segundo sits near LAX. Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) boats numerous lounges operated by various airlines including Qantas International First-Class Lounge, United Club Lounge and Star Alliance Lounge. Any passenger can access these lounges at a reduced cost. Members and holders of respective credit cards have unrestricted access. Families traveling with the little ones through Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) will be glad to know that there are rooms dedicated to nursing and lactating moms. You can access these rooms in Terminal 5 post-security. Besides the much-needed privacy, the facility has chairs and sinks for extra comfort. Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) is Boston’s major airport and is ranked as one of the 20 busiest airports in the US. It’s the biggest, has modern infrastructure and high-tech technological innovations. Still, it has four terminals, each connected to the central parking garage by a walkway system. Terminals are connected to each other by walkways, the airport MBTA station and shuttle buses. Feeling hungry before your flight from Los Angeles International Airport to Boston? LAX has over 90 food and beverage outlets to suit all budgets and palates. Dine in and enjoy modern seafood at Slapfish, a wood-fired pizza from 800 Degrees or a customized burger from BUILT. If you’re short on time, simply pick up a snack and a smoothie to go. Flights from Los Angeles to Boston usually depart from Los Angeles International Airport. While you’re waiting for your flight to depart, enjoy the diverse art, exhibitions, and installations throughout the terminals. The LAX Art Program aims to enhance the travel experience for visitors through LAX, providing access to contemporary artworks and cultural performances by local artists. If you need to buy a last-minute gift, Los Angeles International Airport has more than 50 retail shops beyond the security checkpoint. Select from a wide variety of books, toys, accessories, cosmetics, jewelry, and international brands. If you’re traveling with kids, take them to the LAX Beach play area at the Tom Bradley International Terminal. This beach-themed playground is for children ages 2 to 8 years old and offers a safe space for little travelers to run around and play. To help travelers stay connected, LAX and Boston Logan International Airport offer free wireless internet services. Charging stations can be found throughout the arrivals and departures terminals as well. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to Boston Logan Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to Logan Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday Air France, Air New Zealand, Air Tahiti Nui, +23 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +24 more 22 23 Tuesday Air China, Air France, Air New Zealand, +23 more Air China, Air France, +24 more 22 23 Wednesday Air France, Air New Zealand, Air Tahiti Nui, +22 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +23 more 21 22 Thursday Air China, Air France, Air New Zealand, +23 more Air China, Air France, +24 more 22 23 Friday Air China, Air France, Air New Zealand, +23 more Air China, Air France, +24 more 22 23 Saturday Air France, Air New Zealand, Air Tahiti Nui, +23 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +24 more 22 23 Sunday Air China, Air France, Air New Zealand, +23 more Air China, Air France, +24 more 22 23 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Boston Logan Intl to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Air China, Air France, Air New Zealand, +24 more Air China, Air France, +25 more 23 24 Tuesday Air China, Air France, Air New Zealand, +24 more Air China, Air France, +25 more 23 24 Wednesday Air China, Air France, Air New Zealand, +23 more Air China, Air France, +24 more 22 23 Thursday Air China, Air France, Air New Zealand, +23 more Air China, Air France, +24 more 22 23 Friday Air China, Air France, Air New Zealand, +23 more Air China, Air France, +24 more 22 23 Saturday Air China, Air France, Air New Zealand, +24 more Air China, Air France, +25 more 23 24 Sunday Air France, Air New Zealand, Air Tahiti Nui, +22 more Air France, Air New Zealand, +23 more 21 22 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to Boston See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to Boston. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Boston? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14219 reviews 80entertainment 90crew 78food 86overall 84comfort 87boarding Airline reviews Pros: "I liked getting off the plane" Cons: "A flight attendant was rude to me twice for no reason. It’s the first time this has ever happened wit SW" Pros: "I liked getting off the plane" Cons: "A flight attendant was rude to me twice for no reason. It’s the first time this has ever happened wit SW" Cons: "The screeching noice from the broken speaker could have been fixed" Cons: "The shade on the window was broken so I couldn't closer it." Pros: "SW always does a great job working to get you to your destination on time." Cons: "The “close the doors 10 minutes before takeoff” policy seems like it needs to be updated." Cons: "Being delayed 3 hours without any hint of remorse or compensation by staff." Cons: "This plane was one of the older versions so it took longer to board because of the lack of overhead bin space and I felt that the seats were more cramped than normal." Cons: "Flight was delayed 35 minutes after push back and collected cups/drinks within 3 minutes of giving them out." Cons: "Flight got delayed on 3 separate occasions and there was no snack or beverage service, like there normally is." Pros: "Other than WiFi, everything was great & smooth" Cons: "WiFi kept freezing so I had to go back and “Resume Playback” no airtime." Pros: "Flight attendants were super nice, non stop flight from Tampa -> LA" Cons: "Nothing. All was good" Pros: "Good crew, did a good job making us feel good for a delayed late night flight." Cons: "For some reason air was never turned on. Air only seemed to flow once we were moving but sitting at the gate and once back on the ground taxing it got very hot again." Pros: "Comfortable seats and smooth red-eye transcontinental flight." Cons: "If there weren't a 15-minute delay due to maintenance." Cons: "I was not notified that my card was declined and this caused a ton of delays" Pros: "The two member of the crew were very welcoming and kept a very good sense of professionalism along with adjustments to every passenger. I can consider myself a frequent flyer and it’s relieving to have a crew like that." Cons: "I would appreciate a quicker and just a little bit more organized check in and maybe some different snacks that will make an airline stand out." Pros: "Crew was amazing." Cons: "Seats are probably the most uncomfortable I’ve ever sat on." Cons: "Delay on takeoff and a delay on arrival. Flight Attendants never offered headphones for purchase to watch in filght movie/TV." Pros: "Super easy boarding and friendly staff." Cons: "I am 5'11 and my legs were literally touching the seat in front of me the whole time." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "What have been nice if I was told that seat availability was nonexistent. I tried checking in each day without any information such as give it up you suck and you’re going to get the worst seed no better how much you try to avoid it…" Cons: "The flight was oversold and my husband did not have a seat assignment. The desk agent was helpful and was able to put us together" Pros: "The only enjoyable thing about my flight was the couple sitting next to me." Cons: "We weren’t served drinks until nearly 2 hours in. They kept making announcements saying “it’s really turbulent and not safe” but I’ve flown a lot and we barely had any turbulence the entire flight and at no point was it unsafe. When it was calm they were hanging out and taking in the back." Seat was surprisingly comfortable and roomy. I like the onboard “pantry”. Lavatory was kept very clean. Flight was delayed over 5 hours. I was rebooked to another flight the next day with no compensation for a lost workday. Pros: "Jet blue flights seem generally good. Like the WiFi access to be Able to use flight time efficiently." Pros: "The middle seat was empty and the crew was polite" Cons: "The wifi went out literally every 5 minutes." Pros: "The available movies were pretty good." Cons: "The crew member serving the food was way too slow." Cons: "Flight was 3 1/2 hours delayed. In-flight entertainment system didn’t function. They didn’t perform a beverage/snack service. Very poor overall. Disappointing." Cons: "Very happy with my flight. Very nice new airplane.Jet Blue has become my preferred airline." Cons: "Our flight was delayed 4 times. We then sat on the runway for an extra 45 minutes because someone’s tv did not work. We missed our set transportation which was already rescheduled 4 times and had to pay $150 Uber to get home" Cons: "They had to reset entertainment sets 3 times before they started working. This happens regularly on the SFO to BOS jetblue flight." Cons: "We had a delay of 3 hrs which kept us waiting in the middle of the night" Everything was great but the difference in paying for comfort + did not seem worth it. Cons: "Flight attendant in First class was visibly frustrated and unfriendly. He was not helping with my simple request for a blanket. Also, the were no food service in first class." Pros: "Older plane." Cons: "Our section, Main 1 (towards tail end of plane) had strong smell of unine which thankfully dissipated once plane was in flight. Also, bathrooms even on boarding were not clean with urine all over the toilet." Cons: "I’m still in Los Angeles 10 hours after landing, having missed the connecting flight." Pros: "Delta One product is among the best in domestic US." Cons: "Let passengers know that Delta One has a special check in area." Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Cons: "Delta delayed the flight from LAX to SLC, which subsequently made me miss the connecting flight from SLC to ORD. Completely unacceptable" Cons: "Wheelchair shortage on arrival, although I had one reserved. Waited for a while then walked. Not ideal. Very long wait for bus to rental car center." Cons: "We thought we were flying AirFrance as our emails came from them and were surprised to learn after waiting in the AirFrance baggage drop queue for 30 mins that we were in the wrong place." Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Red eye from LAX. The most uncomfortable First Class seats I have ever experienced. No blankets or pillows. One bag of chip-like objects and two beverages for the entire flight. It felt very stingy. Pros: "Nothing special good or bad" Cons: "My seat did not recline properly and had to sit upright throughout the flight, so was less comfortable." Cons: "Crew only came by once for drinks, other flights they have come by two or three times. At the end of flight they said they were coming down to collect trash but never did." Pros: "Ne’er front of plane for easy on/off. Payed extra for extra leg room." Cons: "Flight attendants were overworked on a full flight." Cons: "2.5 hour delay on the ground - very poor communication from Crew" Cons: "Even though we pay exorbinant prices: The poorest selection of non-meat vegetarian food." Cons: "There was no entertainment at all, and pretzels are gross" Cons: "inflight entertainment wasn't working on my seat only which made my 6 hour flight seem even longer :(" Pros: "Wi-Fi was great. Watched two movies. Flight was on time and painless" Cons: "Only complimentary snack was pretzels and only a cup of water." Pros: "On time arrival" Cons: "No movie screens, no video screens, no charging options, no blankets, no pillows, no fun." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Boston Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to Boston found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/14Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 00mLAX-BOS $40 Search 1/24Wed nonstopJetBlue 5h 31mLAX-BOS $69 Search 2/27Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 12h 15mLAX-BOS $73 Search 1/21Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 30mLAX-BOS $89 Search 1/12Fri 1 stopDelta 9h 06mLAX-BOS $99 Search 1/16Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 30mLAX-BOS $104 Search 1/28Sun 1 stopDelta 10h 14mLAX-BOS $119 Search 1/14Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 10mLAX-BOS $147 Search 1/5Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 20mLAX-BOS $159 Search 3/13Wed 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 12h 48mLAX-BOS $207 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueUnited AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$70 or less$90 or less$100 or less$150 or less$210 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Boston Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to Boston that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 52mLAX-BOS 12/13Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 30mBOS-LAX $164 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 04mLAX-BOS 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 33mBOS-LAX $170 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 5h 21mLAX-BOS 1/9Tue multi-stopJetBlue 12h 16mBOS-LAX $258 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopJetBlue 7h 23mLAX-BOS 1/9Tue multi-stopJetBlue 12h 16mBOS-LAX $267 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 24mLAX-BOS 1/8Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 33mBOS-LAX $338 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 24mLAX-BOS 12/8Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 39mBOS-LAX $376 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 12mLAX-BOS 12/13Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 6h 40mBOS-LAX $406 Search 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 5h 36mLAX-BOS 12/18Mon nonstopDelta 6h 47mBOS-LAX $418 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 12mLAX-BOS 1/5Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 33mBOS-LAX $421 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 5h 37mLAX-BOS 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 6h 39mBOS-LAX $438 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$170 or less$270 or less$380 or less$420 or less$440 or less Los Angeles - Boston Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: Boston (BOS)United States Return flight deals: Boston - Los Angeles Cabin classes: $910 First Class flights to Boston $1,210 Business Class flights to Boston $430 Prem Econ Class flights to Boston $169 Economy Class flights to Boston Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $99Flights from Los Angeles to Boston Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $99Flights to Boston, Boston Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Boston flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Boston from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Boston from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.