Cheap Flights from Atlanta to Orlando from $25 | (ATL - ORL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Atlanta to Orlando from $25 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 3/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Orlando, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Orlando, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Atlanta to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Atlanta to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:00 am - 7:40 amATL-MCO 1h 40mnonstop 1:51 pm - 3:34 pmMCO-ATL 1h 43mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Fri, Feb 2 3:35 pm - 5:12 pmATL-MCO 1h 37mnonstop 7:50 am - 9:29 amMCO-ATL 1h 39mnonstop $40Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 7:20 pm - 8:56 pmATL-MCO 1h 36mnonstop 7:50 am - 9:29 amMCO-ATL 1h 39mnonstop $46Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Wed, Jan 10 9:57 am - 11:39 amATL-MCO 1h 42mnonstop 11:36 am - 1:21 pmMCO-ATL 1h 45mnonstop $48Frontier Find Deal Sat, Feb 24 - Tue, Mar 5 4:37 pm - 6:19 pmATL-MCO 1h 42mnonstop 11:36 am - 1:21 pmMCO-ATL 1h 45mnonstop $49Frontier Find Deal Mon, Feb 12 - Tue, Feb 27 5:20 am - 7:02 amATL-MCO 1h 42mnonstop 9:01 pm - 10:40 pmMCO-ATL 1h 39mnonstop $50Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Mon, Jan 15 4:20 pm - 6:02 pmATL-MCO 1h 42mnonstop 10:55 pm - 12:45 amMCO-ATL 1h 50mnonstop $54 Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Mon, Jan 8 12:00 pm - 1:36 pmATL-MCO 1h 36mnonstop 10:00 pm - 11:50 pmMCO-ATL 1h 50mnonstop $55Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Tue, Dec 19 3:35 pm - 5:12 pmATL-MCO 1h 37mnonstop 9:00 am - 10:46 amMCO-ATL 1h 46mnonstop $56Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 3 - Fri, Jan 5 7:20 am - 2:37 pmATL-MCO 7h 17m1 stop 6:20 am - 4:11 pmMCO-ATL 9h 51m1 stop $173JetBlue Find Deal Mon, Feb 12 - Sun, Mar 3 Show more results Flights from Atlanta to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Atlanta to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Atlanta to Orlando flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Atlanta to Orlando. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Atlanta to Orlando cost $19 and was between Atlanta and Orlando Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $38. What is the cheapest month to fly from Atlanta to Orlando? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Atlanta to Orlando is September, where tickets cost $84 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are November and April, where the average cost of tickets is $157 and $154 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Atlanta to Orlando? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Atlanta to Orlando, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 28 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Atlanta to Orlando? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Atlanta to Orlando found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $38 on Frontier, followed by Spirit Airlines ($40). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $25 on Spirit Airlines and from $29 on Frontier. Which airlines fly most frequently between Atlanta and Orlando? Southwest connects Atlanta to Orlando up to 8 flights per day, followed by Delta (5 flights per day), and Spirit Airlines (one flight per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Atlanta and Orlando? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Atlanta to Orlando. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Atlanta to Orlando. They are: Delta, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $38 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Atlanta and Orlando per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 25 nonstop flights that take off from Atlanta and land in Orlando, with an average flight time of 1h 30m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Orlando Airport. Each week, there are 113 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 22% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Atlanta and Orlando? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Atlanta to Orlando take? The average nonstop flight takes 1h 31m, covering a distance of 396 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Atlanta to Orlando? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Atlanta at 5:30 am and will be landing in Orlando at 7:12 am. What’s the latest departure time from Atlanta to Orlando? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Atlanta to Orlando jets off at 11:45 pm and lands at 1:10 am. Good to know Low season August High season March Cheapest flight $25 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 16% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 10% increase in price. Flight from Atlanta to Orlando Airport When to book flights from Atlanta to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Atlanta to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Atlanta to Orlando Where can I withdraw money at Orlando Sanford International Airport (SFB)? Travelers who are arriving at Orlando Sanford International Airport (SFB from Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) and are looking to recharge their wallets won't have a shortage of options. Several banks and credit unions run their ATMs at this facility. Locate an ATM in Terminal B is near gate 7. Which is the best way to get to downtown Orlando from ORL? Downtown Orlando and Orlando Executive Airport are about 3 miles apart and are connected by various transportation services. However, Lynx Central Florida Transport is the best way to travel between the two destinations. The bus departs from Oia Transfer Center to Lynx Central Station at a 30min interval, completing the journey in about 41min. Which children’s attractions are found at MCO? To help pass time as you wait for your next connection, the kids will certainly enjoy a small aquarium and the Disney and Universal Studios stores located in the atrium (across from the security checkpoint for gates 70-129). It’s a perfect spot to snap photos that offer lasting memories. Are there rental cars at Orlando International Airport (MCO)? Nothing beats the convenience of exploring the hidden gems in Orlando in a car. To this end, several car rental agencies run their services at Orlando International Airport (MCO). Upon arrival, you’ll get on-airport rental car companies in Terminal A and Terminal B, Level 1 (Ground Transportation). Which Orlando airports can I fly to from Hartsfield-Jackson Airport (ATL)? Almost all flights from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) to Orlando land at Orlando International Airport (MCO). Although it is possible to fly into Orlando’s Sanford International Airport (SFB), flights from Atlanta to SFB almost always have multiple stops and require at least one self-transfer, making for a much longer journey. Can I fly non-stop from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) to Orlando? There are many options for non-stop flights from Hartsfield-Jackson Airport (ATL) to Orlando International Airport (MCO). Airlines that fly the direct route include Delta, Southwest, Spirit, and Frontier. Where should I park at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL)? The daily parking garage that’s located across from the Domestic Terminal is best for passengers who want covered parking that’s also within walking distance of the Domestic Terminal. Rates for daily parking are about $14 per day. If you’d prefer a cheaper option, you can park in the North or South economy lots for about $10 per day; these lots are also close to the Domestic Terminal but do not offer covered spaces. Is public transportation available from Orlando International Airport (MCO)? The Lynx buses are the local buses that serve the Greater Orlando Area. Travelers can take the Lynx from the airport to downtown Orlando, SeaWorld, the Orange County Convention Center, and other Orlando-area destinations for around $2 per one-way trip. The Lynx can also connect passengers to the SunRail commuter rail service. A ride on the Lynx bus to the SunRail’s Sand Lake Road station takes about 20min and costs about $2. Do I need a passport to fly between Atlanta and Orlando? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Atlanta and on arrival in Orlando. Which airports will I be using when flying from Atlanta to Orlando? On your way to Orlando, you’ll fly out from Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson. You’ll be landing in one of Orlando’s 2 airports: Orlando or Orlando Sanford Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Atlanta to Orlando? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Atlanta to Orlando flight route: Delta, JetBlue, Alaska Airlines, Spirit Airlines, American Airlines, WestJet Encore, LATAM Airlines, Aeromexico, and Avianca. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Atlanta to Orlando? The Boeing 737-700 Passenger/BBJ1 (winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Atlanta to Orlando flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Atlanta to Orlando? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Atlanta and Orlando. On which days can I fly direct from Atlanta to Orlando? There are nonstop flights from Atlanta to Orlando on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Atlanta to Orlando, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Atlanta to Orlando are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $270 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $295 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Atlanta to Orlando? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Atlanta to Orlando. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Atlanta to Orlando? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando from Atlanta is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Atlanta to Orlando? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando with an airline and back to Atlanta with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Atlanta to Orlando? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando from Atlanta up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Atlanta to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $38 or less one-way and $70 or less round-trip. Suppose you intend to depart on an early morning flight via Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) to Orlando. In that case, reserve a room in one of the numerous hotels adjacent to ATL. Usually, these establishments provide courtesy shuttles to the airport, thus enabling their clients to reach their terminals in time for their departure. Renaissance Concourse Atlanta Airport Hotel is a recommended hotel in this area. Travelers with limited mobility such as senior citizens and disabled passengers will receive the needed assistance at ATL. The airline representatives or wheelchair assistants will bring you near the gate agents for assistance in boarding. Consider contacting your airline directly to reserve a wheelchair, preferably 72h before departure. If you’re traveling with the little ones, remember that ATL features facilities that offer privacy to lactating moms as they pump and breastfeed. These suites are situated near gates T-7, B-5, D-34 and F-5. Other amenities include sinks, comfortable chairs and power sockets. Multiple carriers operate VIP Clubs and lounges at ATL. The airport is the main hub for Delta Air Lines. It’s thus unsurprising that the airline runs at least 1 Delta Sky Club in every concourse. Also, you’ll find other lounges in Concourse T, including Admirals Club, Minute Suite, USO Lounge and the United Club. Economy Class travelers can access these lounges irrespective of the airline they’re flying in, after paying for a day’s pass. ATL features two interfaith chapels, one in the Main Terminal, 3rd floor, Suite 3080, and the other in E-Concourse Center Hall. They provide a quiet escape from the noisy terminals for those who want to make prayers before their voyage from ATL to ORL. Passenger check-in for all flights to Orlando occurs at the Domestic Terminal of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL). After check-in, passengers can proceed through Security to the correct concourse for their flight. Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) has six concourses for domestic flights: Concourse T is in the main Domestic Terminal, and Concourses A through E are connected to the terminal by the automated airport passenger train, AKA the Plane Train, as well as a pedestrian walkway complete with moving sidewalks. Hartsfield-Jackson Airport (ATL) has two different automated passenger train systems. The Plane Train connects all the terminals and concourses. The ATL SkyTrain connects the Domestic Terminal to the Rental Car Center (RCC), the Georgia International Convention Center, and three nearby hotels (SpringHill Suites, the Marriott Gateway, and the Renaissance Airport Gateway). Both of these train systems are free services. Orlando International Airport (MCO) is located about 11 miles south of Orlando’s city center, about 14 miles east of Universal Studios, about 17 miles east of the Walt Disney World Resort, and about 16 miles north of Kissimmee. If you’re going to pick up a rental car after your flight into Orlando International Airport (MCO), head to the Domestic Terminal’s A side on Level 1 (Ground Transportation Level), where most of the in-airport car-rental counters are located. Upon arrival at Orlando International Airport (MCO), all passengers travel from the gate area to Level 3 of the Main Terminal via a one-minute ride on the Automated People Mover (APM) train. The Main Terminal is divided into sides A and B, with baggage-claim areas on Levels 1 and 2 and Ground Transportation on Level 1. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from Hartsfield-Jackson to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Orlando Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Atlanta to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Atlanta to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Atlanta to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19621 reviews 79entertainment 82overall 83boarding 82comfort 78food 86crew Airline reviews Pros: "Generous portion of free snacks. Coffee, while not great, was good." Cons: "The entertainment display in my seat did not work."Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Generous portion of free snacks. Coffee, while not great, was good." Cons: "The entertainment display in my seat did not work." Pros: "Snacks and new interior on A320" Cons: "Almost 4 hour delay and no Wi-Fi. When I complained to JetBlue I received a pathetic $15 credit." Cons: "It was cold in the flight and Tvs didn’t work due to satellite coverage" Pros: "Crew was amazing. It was the pilot’s last flight before retirement, so it was fun celebrating with him and the crew. Seats were comfortable." Pros: "The crew was ok." Cons: "We wait too much, at least someone should have told the reasons for the waiting." Cons: "Absolutely perfect from departure to arrival. Our first time flying jet blue and it was incredible" Pros: "On plane crews were fine." Cons: "When I missed my connecting flight in MCO to SWF, I felt the airline staff was at best indifferent to trying to get me back to my original destination. Customer service was pathetic." Cons: "Our flight out of Atlanta was delayed twice, and eventually cancelled due to mechanical problems - this caused us to miss our connecting flight from JFK to TLV. We had to rescheduled our flights (slow and convoluted route): Atlanta, Boston, Newark, Tel Aviv. We are presently in Boston." Pros: "Flight was on time, extra room seats were very comfortable." Pros: "Crew was friendly and helpful. Efficient in boarding and disembarking. On time and reliable gate assignments. Comfortable seats with ample leg room. Option to check bag at the gate made for more room for overhead items. Desirable options for snacks and drinks. Complementary TV/ WiFi." Cons: "Quality of TV/WiFi could be of higher quality. Can’t think of anything else." Pros: "On a quick 40 minute flight they still managed to serve coffee, water and snacks." Pros: "The movie options" Cons: "Compensation for having waited an hour and a half extra." Cons: "Seats are terrible - need replacing-worn out; say like Queen Latina, setting on top of one another; absolutely no leg room!" Pros: "We actually did not fly this route. We bought a car and drove home!" Pros: "Boarding and crew were professional and courteous." Cons: "Media interface system and Gogo inflight app are not synced and I could not listen to the movie I was watching. No subtitles offered for in flight movies. Someone farted before we deplaned and it was quite unpleasant. Also I wish the automatic seat assignments took my height into account." Pros: "Got me there Safely" Cons: "Couldn’t understand announcements... at all! By flight attendant or pilot" Cons: "There was no food or entertainment. There was a problem with the seat of the person in front of me. He couldn't keep his seat straight and his head was in my lap throughout the flight." Pros: "Great crew" Cons: "Wi-Fi not working or hard to get to work. Flight was delayed by an hour and service was very rushed." Cons: "The flight was delayed 75 min because the plane wouldnt start. A differernt aircraft was needed to resume ops." Pros: "Delta is professional and safe. The best fares ever." Cons: "Lack of food/snack choices. Seem like a shortage on ice." Flight late …60 minutes No food No wifi No entertainment system A disaster!!! No real issues just wasnt able to hear / understand any announcements flight attendant was making but everything else was really good- ended up checking my carry on case for free which made deboarding quicker. I would fly West Jet for all my flights. Seats were comfortable and leg room was good. Slight delay for boarding but nothing too bad. Would fly with them again. The flight was on time and they didn't loose my luggage. The plane wasn't very clean. The plane was so hot and the air above was basically nothing. Cons: "Everything was great. Westjet is so much better than Air Canada!" Pros: "The crew was fine" Cons: "the checked luggage took over an hour to arrive at the carousel. ZERO communication. Other flights arrived after ours and all their baggage arrived and they all left while we stood. No information. No explanation. Poor" Pros: "Excellent flight attendants. Comfort was great. Nothing really was bad about the flight." Cons: "Nothing I can think of...." Pros: "The seating in the 737 was comfortable." Cons: "This flight was booked as a connection through Atlanta on Delta. When I checked in (on the previous flight) was able to select seats or print a boarding pass for the Atlanta to Calgary leg." Pros: "Could not tap opinion on previous page. Good trip. Good service. Good legroom which was covered." Cons: "Food prices." Pros: "I did not take the flight, I stopped in Miami instead." Cons: "Don’t know because I did not take this flight." Pros: "Arrived 5 minutes early which was great on a very late night." Pros: "ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!" Cons: "At 12:40 p.m. we boarded American Airlines flight 1350 in ATL, just to SIT on plane for 1 1/2 hours (half the time with NO AIR). Computer problems. Had to get off plane, then had to wait in 3 lines. Agents were so UNPROFESSIONAL! Kept saying flight would go... DID NOT go until another plane came in at 9:00 PM! We, needless to say missed our connecting flight to SYDNEY and had to wait til next day and fly to SAN FRANCISCO, then to MELBOURNE, then on to Christchurch. We MISSED out on TWO DAYS of our short trip! which included missed reservations!!" Pros: "The airplane was modern, clean and comfortable and the flight was on time" Cons: "Everything was good" Pros: "On-board staff were professional and kept everything running smoothly and with great communication from the pilot." Cons: "Claiming baggage at LaGuardia was an hours-long process for everyone on the flight leading to raised tension and lots of tired folks on what was already a late (and delayed flight)." Pros: "VEry good Cabin crew and the plane was reasonable new" Pros: "The flight was good crew members was nice and professional." Cons: "The flight was delayed more times than I can count, we got a different reason each time. Weather I can understand, but telling us we are waiting on a specific crew to arrive and then announcing that crew is not for our flight was just terrible communication. No one seemed apologetic. The only thing they did was bring a snack cart over for us, and that got raided by children so many people didn't get anything. We had arranged transport from Orlando to Tampa for that evening, and our rides had to cancel because instead of 7pm we were now arriving at 130am. Your airline's mistakes put everyone at an inconvenience and we weren't offered assistance to fix it. My husband went to ask for help in arranging new transport home, but he couldn't even get to the front of the line. The customer service was terrible. We really enjoyed our first leg of the flight home with American Airlines, but after the second leg and all of the problems we had... we will not fly with American Airlines in the future." Pros: "The flight attendants were nice and helpful" Cons: "First of all flight was delayed an hour and a half.. Then I went to get something to eat to kill time just to find out they switched the gate causing me to have to run all the way to the new gate then they close the door as I was walking up and told me I missed my flight even though the plane was still there for another 15 minutes.. so I had to fly standby on the next flight which was another hour and a half later.. I arrived at the airport at 12:30 and didn't end up catching a flight until 7:45 p.m.... oh and I forgot to mention that I originally paid for an upgrade for priority seating with more legroom that I never received because they put me on the very last seat that you can't even replying because there is a wall behind you.. SMH" Pros: "food" Cons: "My flight was overbooked. I almost didn't make it home." Cons: "Take off could have been better. It was delayed, but pilot helped resolve the problem; so, it was fine." Pros: "Crew was very nice" Cons: "They could’ve offered free snacks instead of only offering items for purchase." Pros: "The seat for United First is really comfortable and the in-flight dinner for the route was pretty good." Pros: "It got me where I needed to go" Cons: "So crowded, seats uncomfortable, wifi not working completely, screaming children." Pros: "Having a direct flight across the country was a good thing. That was about the only positive, well that & we did land safely." Cons: "Ticket agent said I could take my bag on the plane. Gate agent told me my bag not I were going on the plane unless I paid $50 to put the bag below if I wanted to get in the plane. Very matter of fact & rude. I was just about the last person they let board so there really wasn't a chance to discuss with them. No WiFi on a cross country plane, lame. No access to the headrest video screen w/o paying for it, lame. Snotty unconcerned flight attendants as well. Overall one of the worst flights I've had in memory. I would pay more next time to fly another airline." Pros: "United did a great job keeping us informed of where the plane was and why we were being delayed. Only 15 minutes late. But staff explained why and I think this helps ease people's anxiety. Inflight wifi was awesome!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "It was not a good experience at all. Honestly, I wanted my money back. I sent United this letter, but no one is gotten back to me yet. Hello, my name is David Larkins. I have had literally the worst airline experience of my life today with United airlines. With confirmation number BS2EL9, my flight was set to go from Atlanta to Burbank, with a connection in San Francisco. The flight from Atlanta was delayed about 10 minutes, however, they assured us that we would arrive in San Francisco at the correct time of 9:39 AM with enough time to get to our connecting flights. They lied. Whereas we did arrive in San Francisco at around 9:39 AM, the plane taxied for approximately 15 or more minutes before letting anyone off of the plane. Still, I ran to my connecting flight before it left the runway at 10:10am. However, I was not permitted to step onto the plane by the fellow at the gate at the time. He told me that because boarding time was over at 9:55a, he would not let me step on the plane even though it was still on the runway. I was upset. I went to customer service and explained my situation to them. Speaking with a girl named Krystin S., I explained that I really needed to get to Burbank on time, before 2 o'clock. Today, I had a final for school, a meeting, and interview with a job, and I had to drop my dog off at the vet for an appointment which costed around $150. Krystin told me that there was nothing she could do, and offered me only a meal voucher. I was offended, and declined the voucher. I then spoke to customer service and they told me there was nothing they could do after informing me that the flight that they switched my flight to was delayed yet another hour and I would not arrive until 350pm. This is absolutely unacceptable, and I need a remedy. Far larger than a simple meal voucher. I have lost more money by missing my flight to Burbank because of the Atlanta airport lying to me then the flight was even worth. Also, I requested to speak to someone, but the representative on the phone said they didn't have a phone number to speak to anyone which adds to the cumbersome nature of this issue. Please contact me back, as soon as possible. I'm very upset at the situation. David Larkins" Pros: "I slept through whole way. So it was fabulous. Clean and fast trip." Pros: "This regional airplane was extremely comfortable! The flight was comfortable and the crew was very helpful." Cons: "I wasn't too excited that the in-flight entertainment quit working about five hours in, but the crew did their best to remedy the situation." Pros: "I appreciated the seat assigned to me was directly behind first class; gave me more leg room." JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Atlanta to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Atlanta to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 3/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 30mATL-MCO $25 Search 12/30Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 39mATL-MCO $26 Search 1/1Mon nonstopFrontier 1h 42mATL-MCO $29 Search 12/10Sun nonstopFrontier 1h 46mATL-MCO $39 Search 12/15Fri 1 stop 10h 26mATL-MCO $67 Search 12/15Fri 1 stop 8h 40mATL-MCO $85 Search 4/18Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 45mATL-MCO $127 Search 4/22Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 45mATL-MCO $130 Search 4/16Tue nonstopDelta 1h 39mATL-MCO $139 Search 4/18Thu nonstopDelta 1h 27mATL-MCO $189 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$30 or less$40 or less$90 or less$130 or less$190 or less Last minute flights from Atlanta to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Atlanta to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 33mATL-MCO 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 48mMCO-ATL $63 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 1h 37mATL-MCO 12/7Thu multi-stop 4h 56mMCO-ATL $76 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 9h 52mATL-MCO 12/7Thu multi-stopFrontier 4h 56mMCO-ATL $78 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 1h 35mATL-MCO 12/7Thu nonstop 1h 47mMCO-ATL $86 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 33mATL-MCO 12/8Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 50mMCO-ATL $88 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 1h 38mATL-MCO 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 1h 38mMCO-ATL $90 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 3h 43mATL-MCO 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 10h 08mMCO-ATL $461 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 41mATL-MCO 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 38mMCO-ATL $467 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 01mATL-MCO 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 19mMCO-ATL $750 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 14mATL-MCO 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 53mMCO-ATL $762 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$80 or less$90 or less$90 or less$470 or less$760 or less Atlanta - Orlando Flights Departure: Atlanta (ATL)United States Return flight deals: Orlando - Atlanta Cabin classes: $923 First Class flights to Orlando Business Class flights to Orlando $524 Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando $38 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » United States » Atlanta $41Flights from Atlanta to Orlando Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando $41Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando $354Flights to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport, Orlando Compare transportation modes for Atlanta to Orlando Average price Average duration Flights $297 1h 31m Buses $40 9h 05m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Honolulu Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando from Atlanta. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Orlando from Atlanta. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.