Cheap Flights from Dallas Fort Worth to Seattle from $37 | (DFW - SEA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW DFW - SEA Find cheap flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle from $37 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Seattle These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Seattle. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Seattle. How much is the cheapest flight from Dallas to Seattle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dallas to Seattle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:00 am - 4:24 pmDFW-SEA 9h 24m1 stop 10:00 pm - 11:01 amSEA-DFW 11h 01m1 stop $103Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Tue, Jan 16 10:08 am - 3:59 pmDFW-SEA 7h 51m1 stop 9:25 pm - 12:07 amSEA-DFW 24h 42m1 stop $107Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Mon, Jan 29 10:08 am - 3:59 pmDFW-SEA 7h 51m1 stop 4:51 pm - 9:13 amSEA-DFW 14h 22m1 stop $110Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Tue, Feb 6 10:08 am - 3:59 pmDFW-SEA 7h 51m1 stop 10:00 pm - 8:40 pmSEA-DFW 20h 40m2 stops $113 Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Mon, Jan 29 6:15 am - 8:38 amDFW-SEA 4h 23mnonstop 11:11 pm - 5:00 amSEA-DFW 3h 49mnonstop $198Alaska Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Tue, Jan 16 6:15 am - 8:38 amDFW-SEA 4h 23mnonstop 6:05 pm - 11:53 pmSEA-DFW 3h 48mnonstop $200Alaska Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sun, Jan 14 8:20 am - 10:46 amDFW-SEA 4h 26mnonstop 1:12 am - 7:03 amSEA-DFW 3h 51mnonstop $201American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Jan 18 3:00 pm - 9:20 pmDFW-SEA 8h 20m1 stop 12:59 am - 6:51 amSEA-DFW 3h 52mnonstop $220American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Thu, Feb 29 6:00 am - 1:00 pmDFW-SEA 9h 00m1 stop 12:00 pm - 11:25 pmSEA-DFW 9h 25m1 stop $221Delta Find Deal Thu, Feb 8 - Sun, Feb 11 5:45 am - 9:55 amDFW-SEA 6h 10m1 stop 9:15 am - 10:48 pmSEA-DFW 11h 33m2 stops $222United Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Tue, Jan 16 Show more results Flights from Dallas to Seattle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dallas to Seattle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle is October, where tickets cost $258 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $458 and $430 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 47 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $103 on Spirit Airlines, followed by Frontier ($107). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $37 on Spirit Airlines and from $57 on Frontier. Which airlines fly non-stop between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Seattle? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle. They are Alaska Airlines and American Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is Alaska Airlines, with the best one-way deal found costing $178. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Alaska Airlines. How many flights are there between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Seattle per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 15 nonstop flights that take off from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and land in Seattle, with an average flight time of 4h 29m. The most common departure time is 8:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 75 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Seattle? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Seattle from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport is typically 4h 23m. The journey crosses a distance of 1,657 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport at 6:30 am and will be landing in Seattle at 9:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle jets off at 10:45 pm and lands at 1:12 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $37 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 21% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 23% increase in price. Flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle When to book flights from Dallas to Seattle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dallas to Seattle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle flights Can I book a direct flight from Dallas to Seattle? You will find that there are many daily direct flights from Dallas to Seattle, with these trips typically being operated by airlines such as Alaska and American Airlines. You can also book flights that require a layover, and these may be serviced by Spirit Airlines. What transportation options are there for going from downtown Dallas to Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport? There are a few different ways that you can go from downtown Dallas to Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, including by car, which will normally take you around 20 to 25min if there is no extra traffic. You can also use public transportation, such as bus lines TRE and 41, which will take you just over an hour. How can I go from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport to the city center? Once you land at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, you have a few different options for going to the city center. Driving or taking a taxi will normally be around 15 to 25min in normal conditions. For public transportation, you can take the 1-Line tram, which will bring you to downtown Seattle in around 40 to 45min in total. What different parking options are there at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport? There is a parking structure next to each terminal, which offers both short and long-term options. There are several other lots that are on airport property and they have a free shuttle service to bring you to and from the main airport building. You can also splurge and pay for valet parking if you prefer, but you will need to make a reservation ahead of time. Do I need a passport to fly between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Seattle? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle? American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, British Airways, PSA Airlines, and Finnair offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Seattle, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle? There are nonstop flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Dallas to Seattle, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Dallas to Seattle are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $378 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $356 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Seattle from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Seattle with an airline and back to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and SEA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Seattle from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from DFW to Seattle Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $159 or less one-way and $258 or less round-trip. Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport (DFW) is one of the primary hubs for a few different airlines, including American Airlines and Spirit Airlines, so you will find that these companies frequently service flights that depart from this travel hub. If you would like to store some of your luggage or items upon your arrival at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA), you can always do so by going to the Smarte Carte Baggage Storage in the Arrivals terminal. Rates are offered per 24h and vary depending on the size of your item. Travelers that have a bit of extra time before their flight departs from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport can always relax in one of the many lounges in the Departures terminal. There is the American Airlines Admirals Club in Terminals A, B, C, D, and E, as well as the Club at DFW in Terminal D, which is open to individuals flying with all airlines. To freshen up and shower after a long day of traveling, you can always go to the Delta Airlines SkyClub in Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. This lounge will provide you with toiletries and a towel, giving you everything you need. Some individuals like to unwind before they hop on a flight, and the perfect place to do this is at one of the two yoga studios in Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport near gates D40 and E31. Each studio will provide you with exercise balls, stretch bands, and practice mats, plus there are short instruction videos for you to follow. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Dallas/Fort Worth to Seattle/Tacoma Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth to Seattle/Tacoma Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Dallas/Fort Worth to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +8 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +8 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +8 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +9 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Friday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +8 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +9 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Sunday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +9 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more 8 9 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Dallas/Fort Worth Search Flights Monday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +8 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +9 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Friday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +9 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Sunday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +8 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Dallas to Seattle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Dallas to Seattle. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dallas to Seattle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 85boarding 82comfort 78entertainment 79food 85overall 88crew Airline reviews Pros: "Food was excellent service was good" Cons: "Boarding was too slow we sat at gate for almost an hour for baggage to be loaded"Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "Food was excellent service was good" Cons: "Boarding was too slow we sat at gate for almost an hour for baggage to be loaded" Pros: "Great crew, smooth landing." Cons: "The “Mediterranean tapas” meal is basically a tiny tiny school lunch, minus the comfort of PB&J. Want dried apricots? You get FOUR. All in all not too bad though. The entertainment/WiFi system is limiting- maybe REMIND us to bring headphones? And no WiFi unless you have T-Mobile? Tease." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "boarding and take off timing was good, other than that it was horrible, never flying Alaska airlines again" Pros: "Always great service on the flight." Cons: "Had to wait for >30 mins at DFW Alaska ticket counter since there was no agent at the gate to drop off bags already ticketed. Had to call airport central control to have an agent paged. Sign on counter said open at 10am and when spoke to Alaska agent Andy P. He said sign was wrong though there was already a line of customers and just walked away. It was only after a 2nd overhead page for an agent that 2 ladies appeared. Luckily, I wasn't in a hurry and may have missed my flight." Cons: "The fact that the cleaning crew did not show up and flight was delayed over 30 minutes. Then we sat at the gate almost as long." Pros: "I love the free entertainment and texting. That is a big plus on a long flight." Pros: "My son missed the flight, because I filled out his name incorrectly, which I was charged a $300 and $250 fee, I feel that Flyus were not helpful on this matter" Pros: "The crew was so darn efficient and the pilot was so funny over the speaker! Thank you Alaska for slaying this flight" Cons: "The airline staff talked non stop in the galley. It was a 6:30sm flight and everyone trying to sleep. One young blonde steward talked non stop for two hours. Had to put ear plugs in and still heard her. Just never experienced anything like it" Pros: "Newer plane Early takeoff and arrival Smooth flight and good food for purchase" Pros: "I love JetBlue! Roomy, well-appointed, great amenities and clean." Cons: "My entertainment system wasn't working. Kept freezing and restarting. I was allowed ton switch seats, but the same thing happened on the others I tried." Pros: "The crew was fine. The seat was not very comfortable. I was quite sore after the 6 hour flight. Entertainment was pretty good and I am happy it was free. I'd appreciate a better selection of current movies, though." Cons: "My SEA to BOS flight was 6 hours late; BOS to SEA departed 30 min late. It was my first time on JetBlue and both my flights were late. Not a great first impression. Also, I hate that JetBlue charges $30 each way for checked baggage. This causes overhead bins to be too full of carry-ons." Pros: "The plane looked brand new Everything thing worked TV WFi Excellent staff. Could not believe I got all this for JetBlue Basic fare." Cons: "Always the boarding process. Nothing to do with JetBlue staff they were excellent Passengers need to understand and adhere to carry on restrictions" Pros: "We arrived at the airport early because we had to check out of our Hotel at 11 AM with luggage and no car, so we headed to the airport knowing there would be a 5 hours delay. Okay, we will have lunch, read a bit and we will get through this 5 hours.Then 2 hours later, we learned the flight was delayed another 3.5 hours. So almost 9 hours later, we finally flew out. $70.00 in meals plus checking our luggage for $25.00 each suitcase added up. Others were offered free checking of luggage due to limited overhead storage. Only learned of a free "snack pack" to give us some food after other passengers told us of it. It was not advertised. The plane ride was nice with a free drink and potato chip plus a free movie. We noticed that our plane was not full. We were told our plane was sent to New Mexico (State) were a plane was canceled. So, I ask why is our plane being canceled to assist another plane in New Mexico at our expense? Why were they not impacted and we were?" Cons: "We arrived at the airport early because we had to check out of our Hotel at 11 AM with luggage and no car, so we headed to the airport knowing there would be a 5 hours delay. Okay we will have lunch, read a bit and we will get through this 5 hours.Then 2 hours later, we learned the flight was delayed nearly another 4 hours. So almost 9 hours later, we finally flew out. $70.00 in meals plus checking our luggage for $25.00 each suitcase added up. Later others were offered free checking of luggage due to limited overhead storage. Only learned of a free "snack pack" to give us some food after other passengers told us of it. It was not advertised. After backing out, the plane returned due to a passenger getting onto the wrong flight. There was a guy who was supposed to be on another flight or something. How can this happen? Again another 25 minute delay. The plane ride was nice with a free drink and potato chips plus a free TV/movies. We noticed that our plane was not full. We were told our original plane was sent to New Mexico (State) were a plane was canceled. So, I ask why is our plane being canceled to assist another plane in New Mexico State at our expense? Why were they not impacted and we were? A couple was flying to Seattle to "Be with their dying son" and there was an urgency. They too had to wait nearly 4 hours more. Was the flight from New Mexico was on time? SHAME SHAME SHAME." Pros: "The legroom is fantastic in coach!" Cons: "The in flight entertainment head phone jack didn’t work the best." Pros: "Very personable and professional" Cons: "Eat packs only available on cross country. What’s wrong with fly over country?" Pros: "It was very roomy and the staff was very friendly and helpful." Cons: "The staff was very friendly and the movies were enjoyable" Pros: "Excellent, friendly service. Amazingly designed aircraft. A first class experience!" Cons: "Tv didn't work. 3 hour maintenance delay. Jetway didn't reach the plane" Cons: "Crew was abrasive and put off by people asking for service. Monitors had to be rebooted 3 times. Ran out of water and snacks." Pros: "Good flight as always with Delta. Sat in economy comfort, so of course the seats was comfortable. Flight Attendants were great." Pros: "The crew was great and the service was quick and very nice." Cons: "It sounds weird but I didn’t know which window was mine so I had one shut and the one in front of me shut during the flight." Cons: "I checked two bags and paid for them. The flight was full. I dutifully got in line for zone two. Next thing you know, at least 25 people got to board early and have free bag check. Really? I should get $35 dollar refund." Cons: "The flight was 2.5 hours late making me miss my connecting flight and I didn’t receive a refund for the comfort seats I paid for but didn’t get." Cons: "Was not allowed to check in even tho flight was delayed. Horrible!" Cons: "My friend and I was switched to an even worse seating when boarding. Very uncomfortable especially for my friend since he had crutches." Pros: "I travel as a professional musician. I fly with American (because many booking agencies use them) I achieved status after years of their cruel methods of forcing us to check our instruments, thinking “FINALLY, I can board without being hassled about my instrument coming onboard with me.” Nope!! They fight me every time, as if I’m some guy going on vacation and bringing my beater guitar to play on the beach. They holler every time, “SIR YOU’RE GONNA HAVE TO CHECK THAT” $6,000 worth of equipment to make space for someone’s socks. (?!?!) Today, I boarded TWO delta flights and was told, “see if it fits... if not, we can gate check it for you...” YES!!! That’s all I ask!!! Just let me TRY first! If it doesn’t fit, THEN I can’t complain! Anyway, sorry for the saga! I just want to say THANK YOU! I had peace of mind ALL day! Keep up the great work! Your staff is outstanding!!" Cons: "I didn’t like that you thought there was something I didn’t like! I’m a fan!!" Pros: "Was able to sleep for once. Nobody in center seat." Cons: "Crying babies" Cons: "Left about 2.5 hours late because of a broken seat of all things. Apparently Delta doesn't bother to have maintenance staff on site at the airport." Pros: "Nice crew" Cons: "Smallest seats I’ve ever been in. Late departure because they forgot the plane’s security check in-between flights. Drinks served but no snacks." Pros: "Very comfy, roomy seats. Helpful, welcoming staff. Great take-off and landing—very smooth." Cons: "It would be nice to have TV’s in the seats for longer flights." Pros: "Check in was easy and quick" Cons: "Plane could have been cleaner. Price is ok, but not as good as it seems once you add luggage." Pros: "Crew was great!" Cons: "I didn’t realize I had to pay for a carry on" Pros: "The crew was absolutely wonderful And seat was the most comfortable ever" Cons: "There wasn’t a selection for “not applicable” so I gave low stars where the item didn’t exist I.e. entertainment." Pros: "Affordable flight." Cons: "Was not aware they charge for a carry on bag." Pros: "Good value for the price." Cons: "the crew did not announce where baggage pick-up was, so all of us had to race around trying to find it. The airport staff didn't know either." Cons: "Hidden cost. Late flight. Had to take bus to the plane" Pros: "Being able to set with my Wife" Cons: "Had to upgrade to first class to set with my wife. Seats were not assigned when we booked the flight." Boarded late. Missed first landing attempt, landed almost an hour late and missed connecting flight. Pros: "The plane was uneventful. The AA crew and employees at DFW were rude, unhelpful, uncaring, and showed extreme disrespect to my disabled Veteran husband." Cons: "The AA crew and employees at DFW were rude, unhelpful, uncaring, and showed extreme disrespect to my disabled Veteran husband. We will NEVER visit DFW again. We were treated with disrespect and rudeness. My new name for this airline is UNAMERICAN AIRLINES." Pros: "The entertainment was good with WiFi that worked well" Cons: "The flight delay was a hassle especially considering the estimated arrival was almost 1am. No information was provided as to why it was almost an hour late but it made for a super late night. Not to mention the seat was unbearably cramped making for an impossible inflight rest... wait, I just mentioned it" Pros: "Absolutely NOTHING" Cons: "I WANT MY MONEY BACK. We were stuck on a plane for 10 HOURS. No food available. Just sitting there. Communication from the crew SUCKED. Their staffing sucked. I WANT MY MONEY BACK" Cons: "Delayed taking off by 35 mins because of onload slowness and issues. Resulted in landing late in seattle and missed the last transportation option home for the night. Should have had 1.5 hours to make my shuttle. Instead got stuck in my destination airport for the night." Cons: "Everything. My first leg of this trip was the worst flight I had ever been on and this leg lived up to that standard" Cons: "One crew member is not particularly helpful when passengers needed assistance." Pros: "Nothing!!!" Cons: "The seat in front of me reclined so far that the guy in that seat had his head less than a foot from my face and my knees were being smashed by his seat. Very painful." Pros: "seating assignment" Cons: "wish the crews were more pleasant. some were pretty rude to some passengers" Pros: "The aircratf and on time operation" Cons: "Gate agents not following AA.com policies to charge extra fees" Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Dallas to Seattle Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Dallas to Seattle found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/12Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 14h 17mDFW-SEA $37 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 13h 59mDFW-SEA $40 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopFrontier 7h 51mDFW-SEA $57 Search 1/29Mon 1 stopFrontier 8h 47mDFW-SEA $59 Search 3/2Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 4h 30mDFW-SEA $99 Search 1/29Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 4h 30mDFW-SEA $101 Search 4/10Wed 1 stopDelta 8h 21mDFW-SEA $169 Search 12/18Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 35mDFW-SEA $179 Search 12/18Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 35mDFW-SEA $181 Search 3/8Fri 1 stopDelta 10h 09mDFW-SEA $199 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAlaska AirlinesDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$40 or less$60 or less$100 or less$180 or less$200 or less Last minute flights from Dallas to Seattle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Dallas to Seattle that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stop 15h 04mDFW-SEA 12/11Mon multi-stop 18h 56mSEA-DFW $145 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 17mDFW-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 34mSEA-DFW $156 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopFrontier 14h 44mDFW-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopFrontier 19h 03mSEA-DFW $207 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopFrontier 21h 00mDFW-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopFrontier 13h 45mSEA-DFW $212 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 36mDFW-SEA 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 57mSEA-DFW $610 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 14mDFW-SEA 12/7Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 31mSEA-DFW $615 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 24mDFW-SEA 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 54mSEA-DFW $619 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 4h 31mDFW-SEA 12/17Sun nonstopAlaska Airlines 3h 50mSEA-DFW $628 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 4h 30mDFW-SEA 12/7Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 3h 47mSEA-DFW $672 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 25mDFW-SEA 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 11h 21mSEA-DFW $970 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$160 or less$210 or less$620 or less$630 or less$970 or less Dallas/Fort Worth Airport - Seattle Flights Departure: Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW)United States Destination: Seattle (SEA)United States Return flight deals: Seattle - Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Cabin classes: $915 First Class flights to Seattle $1,108 Business Class flights to Seattle $638 Prem Econ Class flights to Seattle $178 Economy Class flights to Seattle Browse origins: Flights » United States » Texas » Dallas » Dallas/Fort Worth Airport $75Flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Seattle Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Washington » Seattle $75Flights to Seattle, Seattle Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Houston Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Burbank Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Seattle flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Seattle from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Seattle from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.