Cheap Flights from Austin to New York from $56 | (AUS - NYC) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW AUS - NYC Find cheap flights from Austin to New York from $56 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/8. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to New York These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Austin to New York. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Austin to New York. How much is the cheapest flight from Austin to New York?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Austin to New York that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 3:21 pm - 8:00 pmAUS-EWR 3h 39mnonstop 10:57 am - 2:16 pmEWR-AUS 4h 19mnonstop $119Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Tue, Jan 9 3:21 pm - 8:00 pmAUS-EWR 3h 39mnonstop 10:57 am - 2:16 pmEWR-AUS 4h 19mnonstop $133Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 7 - Tue, Jan 9 12:22 pm - 4:55 pmAUS-JFK 3h 33mnonstop 8:00 am - 11:27 amJFK-AUS 4h 27mnonstop $138JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Tue, Jan 23 7:27 am - 11:59 amAUS-JFK 3h 32mnonstop 5:59 pm - 9:24 pmJFK-AUS 4h 25mnonstop $148American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sat, Jan 13 6:20 am - 2:03 pmAUS-LGA 6h 43m1 stop 6:29 pm - 11:22 pmLGA-AUS 5h 53m1 stop $154American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 30 12:22 pm - 4:55 pmAUS-JFK 3h 33mnonstop 8:00 am - 11:27 amJFK-AUS 4h 27mnonstop $158JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Sun, Jan 14 4:55 pm - 11:21 pmAUS-JFK 5h 26m1 stop 7:00 pm - 10:19 pmJFK-AUS 4h 19mnonstop $168Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 30 4:55 pm - 11:23 pmAUS-JFK 5h 28m1 stop 7:05 am - 10:29 amJFK-AUS 4h 24mnonstop $173Delta Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Thu, Feb 22 6:00 am - 10:37 amAUS-EWR 3h 37mnonstop 8:29 pm - 11:43 pmEWR-AUS 4h 14mnonstop $178United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Sun, Jan 14 6:00 am - 10:45 amAUS-EWR 3h 45mnonstop 8:29 pm - 11:43 pmEWR-AUS 4h 14mnonstop $248United Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Mon, Jan 15 Show more results Flights from Austin to New York - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Austin to New York to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Austin to New York flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Austin to New York. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Austin to New York cost $48 and was between Austin and Newark Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $88. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Austin to New York? The average price of all flights from Austin to New York clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to New York on a Saturday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from Austin to New York. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Wednesday and avoiding Thursdays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Austin to New York? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Austin to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Austin to New York is September, where tickets cost $193 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is $347 and $325 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Austin to New York? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Austin to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Austin to New York, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 51 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Austin to New York? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to New York from Austin were found on Spirit Airlines ($56) and American Airlines ($69), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($119) and JetBlue ($138). Which airlines fly most frequently between Austin and New York? Delta connects Austin to New York with up to 4 flights per day. American Airlines also offers 3 flights per day, while United Airlines follows with 3 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Austin and New York? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Austin to New York. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Austin to New York. They are: American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $41 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Austin and New York per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 16 nonstop flights that take off from Austin and land in New York, with an average flight time of 3h 42m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport. Each week, there are 94 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Austin and New York? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Austin to New York take? The duration of a nonstop flight to New York from Austin is typically 3h 29m. The journey crosses a distance of 1,511 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Austin to New York? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Austin at 6:00 am and will be landing in New York at 10:29 am. What’s the latest departure time from Austin to New York? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Austin to New York jets off at 7:41 pm and lands at 12:30 am. Good to know Low season February High season December Cheapest flight $56 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 17% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 27% increase in price. Flight from Austin to Newark Liberty Airport When to book flights from Austin to New York Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Austin to New York based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Austin to New York What are some eco-friendly airlines flying between Austin and New York? When flying from Austin to New York, an individual will release approximately 2692 lbs of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. However, United Airlines provides flights that are less harmful to the environment. Their flights produce 40% less carbon dioxide per passenger on this route. Which nearby cities can I get to from Newark Airport? There are several cities within 2 hours' drive of EWR that are accessible by car. Philadelphia, New Haven, and Atlantic City are approximately 1h 45min by car from EWR, whereas Allentown and Hartford are approximately 2 hours. Take the AirTrain to station P3 and follow the signs to the rental car counters for your ride. Are there family amenities at Austin-Bergstrom International Airport (AUS)? AUS provides numerous family-friendly amenities. There are multiple play areas, some of which feature age-appropriate toys and activities. Additionally, there are a number of nursing rooms furnished with changing tables, comfortable seating, and electrical outlets for charging electronic devices. In addition, there are a number of family-friendly restaurants in AUS that provide healthy options for youngsters. AUS additionally offers complimentary baby stroller services. Where are the pet-relief stations at Austin-Bergstrom International Airport? The pet-relief facilities at AUS offer a clean, secure area for pets to relieve themselves. These stations are situated both within and outside of the terminal building. You may find them outdoors by the ticket booths and inside by the gates on the main concourse. Artificial turf, waste bags, and cans are provided at each pet relief area. Can I rent a car at John F. Kennedy International Airport? Yes. Visitors to JFK can choose from many car rental providers. Several car rental providers, including Hertz, Budget, Avis, National, and Enterprise, are located right at the airport. Car rental providers' desks are found on the ground floor of each terminal's arrivals area. Are there services for members of the military at Austin-Bergstrom International Airport? At AUS, military personnel can unwind at the USO Lounge, which is situated close to the baggage claim area. Free tea, coffee, and snacks are provided in the lounge. The USO Lounge also includes helpful employees who can help the service members with connecting flights and give advice and information about Austin. Military personnel are given preference at AUS's security checkpoints. What special accessibility services are available at Austin-Bergstrom International Airport? The airport provides a wide range of amenities for travelers with mobility challenges or disabilities. You'll find accessible water fountains, elevators, restrooms, showers, plus Braille signs and videophones. You can also get wheelchair services from the arrival curb to the plane. It would be best to contact your airline for assistance with screenings and your gate pass. What's the fastest transportation from JFK to Manhattan, NYC? To access the Lower Manhattan area from JFK, you'll have to take the Long Island Rail Road (LIRR) service. However, you'll first need to board an AirTrain from the Arrivals terminal to Jamaica Station, where you can then board a train to Penn Station in Manhattan. The trip takes about 25min. What transportation options do I have from downtown Austin to AUS Airport? You can get from downtown Austin to the Austin airport by bus, taxi, rental car, or shuttle services. If you choose public transportation, you can board the Capital Metro Bus on the 20 route. Taxi services, such as ATX Yellow Cab and Central Texas Taxi, offer transportation to the airport for approximately $13.80. Another option is to take a shuttle bus via Carter Transportation Austin, although you'll have to wait for numerous stops along the way. Are there hotels at LaGuardia Airport (LGW)? There are several hotels located within a comfortable walking distance from LaGuardia Airport. Some that offer convenient access to departure terminals include Hampton Inn New York - LaGuardia Airport (about 9min walk from Terminal C), New York LaGuardia Airport Marriott (about 5min walk from the terminal), Aloft New York LaGuardia Airport (about 5min walk), and LaGuardia Plaza Hotel, which is about 5min walk from the airport. Do I need a passport to fly between Austin and New York? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Austin to New York. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Austin to New York? JetBlue, Delta, American Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and Cape Air offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Austin to New York flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Austin to New York? The Airbus A321neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Austin to New York flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Austin to New York? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Austin and New York, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Austin to New York? There are nonstop flights from Austin to New York on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Austin to New York, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Austin to New York are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $410 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $283 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Austin to New York? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Austin to New York. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Austin to New York? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to New York from Austin is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Austin to New York? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to New York with an airline and back to Austin with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Austin to New York? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to New York from Austin up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Austin to New York Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $129 or less one-way and $178 or less round-trip. JetBlue is a suitable airline for families traveling from Austin to New York. They provide kids’ entertainment options, including movies and TV shows. JetBlue provides accessible areas for nursing mothers to breastfeed. In addition, they provide a nursing pillow for added comfort and a free lactation kit with a variety of items, including wipes, a cooler bag, and sanitizing gel. In addition, JetBlue provides snacks and kids' meals. LaGuardia Airport (LGA) is home to a number of travel agencies that may assist you in planning itineraries that take advantage of New York City and its environs. The airport's main terminal and baggage claim area both have a number of concierge desks and kiosks offering full service to passengers. These services help you arrange your trip's accommodations and transportation. Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) offers inter-terminal transfers. AirTrain, a free rail system, links the airport's three terminals. AirTrains leave every 3 minutes, making inter-terminal transfers easy. Terminal A arrivals, United Airlines baggage claim, and EWR Train Station are all accessible AirTrain stops. Flights from Austin to New York depart from the Barbara Jordan Terminal at Austin-Bergstrom International Airport (AUS). The Austin airport has 34 gates and 33 jet bridges, so it’s recommended to acquire an AUS terminal map for your flight day. If you‘re coming to Austin-Bergstrom International Airport from the south, you can access the airport using the modern South Terminal. To connect to the Barbara Jordan Terminal, travelers can use the shuttle buses that run between the two terminals. To avoid missing flights due to lengthy TSA wait times at the terminal, travelers are advised to arrive at least 2h before their flight during peak hours (from about 5am to 8am, 11am to 1pm, and between 3.30pm and 5.30pm), and at least 1h 30min early during off-peak hours. Your flight from Austin to New York might touch down at John F. Kennedy International Airport (JKF), which is located about 16 miles from Manhattan; at Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR), about 13 miles from Manhattan; or LaGuardia Airport (LGW), about eight miles from Manhattan. The latter is an excellent arrival hub for business travelers on a tight schedule, as it offers the quickest access to Lower Manhattan’s Wall Street district. If you have an early flight and would like to stay at an airport hotel in New York, consider flying to the John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK). The TWA Hotel at the JFK Airport is located right next to Terminal 5. Austin-Bergstrom Airport offers ample parking space for travelers driving to the airport. You can park at the multilevel Red or Blue garages, which have staircases and elevator accessibility. Alternatively, you can park in the economy lot for around $3 an hour, although it's located a little farther from the departure terminals. If you're looking for a lounge at the Austin airport (AUS), you can access the services at the Admirals Club (American Airlines), United Club (United Airlines), or the Delta Sky Club, which are available to any traveler who obtains a Priority Pass. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Austin Bergstrom to New York? Find which airlines fly direct from Austin Bergstrom to New York, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Austin Bergstrom to New York Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +21 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +22 more 20 21 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +20 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +20 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +20 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +18 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +19 more 17 18 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +20 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +20 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 See more direct flights Nonstop returns New York to Austin Bergstrom Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +20 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +21 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +22 more 20 21 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +19 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +20 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +21 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +22 more 20 21 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +19 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +20 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Austin to New York See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Austin to New York. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Austin to New York? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14214 reviews 90crew 78food 84comfort 87boarding 80entertainment 86overall Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was amazing boarding process was ok." Cons: "Seats could be more comfortable and cleanliness of the plan could be better." Pros: "Crew was amazing boarding process was ok." Cons: "Seats could be more comfortable and cleanliness of the plan could be better." Pros: "SW crews are usually amazing and today was no exception." Cons: "Landing was very rough but flight overall was great" Cons: "Courteous service is there. I do not think of anything better." Cons: "The only thing was the long delay but that was not the fault of southwest airlines. They were great and I saw them doing everything possible to reroute people and when I arrived and found out my whole airline I booked with no longer existed, a southwest employee in birmingham was very very helpful." Cons: "My connecting flight (on the same plane) was rerouted / my continuing flight to NYC was canceled and Southwest didn’t communicate what we should do. They also didn’t offer any additional help or compensation." Pros: "Service frequently interrupted because of turbulence; they apologized profusely and made sure everyone had what they needed" Pros: "Gate agents and crew were great." Cons: "Due to a scheduling problem, the crew was notified late and arrived late only to find out they didn’t have enough fuel due to weather reroute. Flight was fine. Also no working WiFi." Pros: "I appreciate the culture at Southwest, and the casual, comfortable way people speak on the staff teams." Cons: "We were very delayed, changed gates, then further delayed again twice.. the food was a choice between wheat crackers and pretzels made from white flour, neither of which I can eat, being gluten free. Would like better options for snacks and would gladly pay a buck or two for fresh fruit or some other clever gluten free option. Popcorn? Potato chips?" Pros: "One of the passengers was celebrating a birthday. A flight attendant asked all passengers to close the window shades and turn on call lights. We all sang ‘happy birthday’ and when the birthday girl blew out the candles, everyone turned off the call lights. Surely a birthday to remember." Cons: "N/a" Pros: "Fantastic flights, left on time and arrived early for both legs of the trip." Pros: "Beverages and WiFi worked" Cons: "Boarding was confusing for all, first calling by row number and the changed to group at end. We find one of the flight attendants was extremely rude, the passenger sitting beside us had a small dog, and she force that passenger to push their dog firmly underneath the seat which I felt was hurting the dog and completely unnecessary. Later the same flight attendant outright refused to allow me to go to the bathroom at the front of the plane, I was sitting in row 11 and she sent me to the back of the plane where there was at least 4 people coming towards me. It was highly unprofessional and left me with a bad taste in my mouth." Cons: "The inflight system was hard to use. The rented iPads had to be given back almost an hour before the end of the flight." Pros: "Seat was great. Nice they kept the Virgin size seating" Pros: "Andrew and James the flight attendants were fantastic. The flight crew was great. Very smooth flight." Pros: "Cool to get bonus points for the trip" Cons: "Would have been nice if flight attendants walked the aisle regularly during the red eye flight, I was very thirsty and in a window seat with 2 sleeping people..." Pros: "Everything was superb! The airline I prefer did a great job! The seats, the food selections, the staff - everything!" Cons: "Nothing. Everything was just perfect!" Pros: "The plane was clean and the ticket was cheap." Cons: "Boarding process was needlessly complicated — just assign everybody a seat beforehand. Gate agents were rude. Seats are very uncomfortable and it’s difficult to sleep on red eyes. It should be prohibited to fly 737s cross-country." Pros: "The crew was very attentive and caring. While I worried I wasn’t going to get a seat, the staff reassured me if you paid for a ticket, you’ll have a seat." Cons: "They shouldn’t charge for snacks and offer some form of entertainment in an almost 6 hr flight." Pros: "The crew was very happy and welcoming." Cons: "We were late and I missed my flight. I was told Flt 452 from LAX to JFK is notoriously late. Also, there could have been more updates about our delayed arrival." Pros: "Complimentary snacks and drinks." Cons: "Broken seat back, broken tray table, audio input didn't work." Pros: "Crew was nice, and pilot was helpful and got us there early." Cons: "My screen for movies didn’t work, and the level of comfort was... almost none. I would’ve upgraded to more room, but for $55? When I’m already checking a bag for $30? On top of flight price? Too high, expected JetBlue to not jam pack all the seats like the exit aisle.... for long flights, not again." Pros: "This time within the last couple months the trip a lot better." Cons: "Newer plane with less issues. Wasn’t comfortable at all and should be cleaner." Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "No suggestions this time just keep doing what you are doing" Cons: "Absolutely perfect from departure to arrival. Our first time flying jet blue and it was incredible" Pros: "Nothing!!" Cons: "The airplanes lavatory was inoperable when it arrived. Our flight was delayed several times and I had to be in Miami that night because I left early the next morning on a cruise. I had to wind up paying for another flight and going through security again and spending all day at the airport. WORST EX" Cons: "Boarding took a long time. We were waiting in the tunnel for longer than usual." Pros: "Wasn’t a full flight so middle seat was open making it more comfortable. Smooth ride. Good crew." Cons: "TVs weren’t working so they had to re boot mid way through, all movies re started so had to wait or re watch the parts you did already. Also my screen cut out several times and had a green hue." Pros: "Service" Cons: "Seat cushions need to be replaced! Plane seats were not cleaned either" Pros: "I appreciate that Delta chooses customer safety over profit by not packing flights and continuing to social distance." Pros: "The crew was very friendly and it was a day fast flight." Cons: "No back of seat entertainment." Cons: "Baggage handling at Wilmington is extremely slow and typically is." Cons: "Flight delayed 3 hours, then a seats were very cramped and uncomfortable" Cons: "After 1 hour, still sitting on the tarmac waiting to get to our gate." Pros: "Security and checking in was quick and easy! Crew members were understanding and accommodating." Pros: "There was an incredibly large passenger next to me and I was essentially afforded only a quarter of my seat. It is not really fair for anyone to have to sit next to someone taking up twice their seat." Cons: "Boarding was very slow and exiting the plane was also slower than normal. An overhead bin was locked and that delayed passengers" Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Cons: "the flight was delayed and so I missed my train home" Pros: "The crew was amiable. The plane was crowded but clean." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The crew was rude, we took off over an hour late, there was no food for sale on board" Pros: "Smooth price getting boarding pass and we were anytime sit together" Cons: "All good" Pros: "Yes! They were helpful and nice as well on the flight." Cons: "Mhm.. Nothing." Cons: "baggage was not transported from BA flight to London to the BA flight to Glasgow" Pros: "That we didn’t crash" Cons: "No food offered. Premium seating that I paid for was so narrow there was no way I could sit next to the person next to me and not have their elbows on me." Pros: "Plane too cold hard to sleep, no blankets or pillows" Cons: "late cold plane" Pros: "The boarding was great. The food and comfort was consistent with the average." Cons: "The crew (some, not all) could have been friendlier and more accommodating. Entertainment is better with TV’s at each seat for variety." Pros: "Free tv to distract me from my state of misery" Cons: "Too warm on flight. Was so nauseated the whole time." Pros: "Wi-Fi was adequate" Cons: "I paid extra for a better seat, but it still felt cramped. The tray was crooked and I had no priority boarding." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Austin to New York Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Austin to New York found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/8Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 39mAUS-EWR $56 Search 1/8Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 39mAUS-EWR $57 Search 1/23Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 37mAUS-EWR $69 Search 1/16Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 32mAUS-JFK $69 Search 1/23Tue nonstopDelta 3h 40mAUS-JFK $79 Search 1/16Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 59mAUS-EWR $87 Search 1/8Mon nonstopJetBlue 3h 33mAUS-JFK $89 Search 2/16Fri 1 stopJetBlue 5h 59mAUS-LGA $92 Search 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 3h 49mAUS-JFK $99 Search 12/16Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 05mAUS-EWR $146 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaJetBlue Search by price$60 or less$70 or less$90 or less$90 or less$150 or less Last minute flights from Austin to New York Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Austin to New York that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 06mAUS-LGA 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 02mLGA-AUS $200 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 6h 18mAUS-EWR 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 55mEWR-AUS $210 Search 12/3Sun nonstopJetBlue 3h 29mAUS-JFK 1/23Tue nonstopJetBlue 4h 27mJFK-AUS $318 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 33mAUS-JFK 1/23Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 22mJFK-AUS $326 Search 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 3h 49mAUS-JFK 1/27Sat nonstopDelta 4h 19mJFK-AUS $328 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 27mAUS-JFK 1/24Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 22mJFK-AUS $336 Search 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 3h 49mAUS-JFK 1/25Thu nonstopDelta 4h 19mJFK-AUS $338 Search 12/1Fri nonstopJetBlue 3h 29mAUS-JFK 1/23Tue nonstopJetBlue 4h 27mJFK-AUS $358 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 45mAUS-EWR 12/6Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 4h 12mEWR-AUS $408 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 11mAUS-EWR 12/6Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 4h 16mEWR-AUS $413 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$210 or less$330 or less$340 or less$360 or less$410 or less Austin - New York Flights Departure: Austin (AUS)United States Return flight deals: New York - Austin Cabin classes: $586 First Class flights to New York $612 Business Class flights to New York $529 Prem Econ Class flights to New York $88 Economy Class flights to New York Browse origins: Flights » United States » Texas » Austin $118Flights from Austin to New York Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » New York State » New York $876Flights to New Windsor, New York $138Flights to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, New York $145Flights to New York LaGuardia Airport, New York $118Flights to Newark Airport, New York Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to New Orleans Flights to Ontario Flights to Jacksonville Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Detroit Flights to Minneapolis Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search New York flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to New York from Austin. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to New York from Austin. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.