Cheap Flights from Cleveland to Orlando from $34 | (CLE - ORL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Cleveland to Orlando from $34 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/18. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel sáb 12/30 sáb 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Cleveland to Orlando. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Cleveland to Orlando. How much is the cheapest flight from Cleveland to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Cleveland to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:02 am - 12:47 pmCLE-MCO 2h 45mnonstop 6:28 am - 9:03 amMCO-CLE 2h 35mnonstop $38Spirit Airlines Find Deal seg, dez 18 - qui, dez 21 4:40 pm - 7:20 pmCLE-MCO 2h 40mnonstop 1:15 pm - 3:46 pmMCO-CLE 2h 31mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal qua, jan 17 - qua, jan 24 10:02 am - 12:47 pmCLE-MCO 2h 45mnonstop 3:20 pm - 5:54 pmMCO-CLE 2h 34mnonstop $40Spirit Airlines Find Deal dom, dez 10 - qua, dez 13 6:25 pm - 9:07 pmCLE-MCO 2h 42mnonstop 6:28 am - 9:00 amMCO-CLE 2h 32mnonstop $41Spirit Airlines Find Deal sáb, jan 13 - sex, jan 19 6:34 pm - 9:20 pmCLE-MCO 2h 46mnonstop 6:28 am - 9:03 amMCO-CLE 2h 35mnonstop $42Spirit Airlines Find Deal sáb, dez 16 - seg, dez 18 6:40 pm - 9:25 pmCLE-MCO 2h 45mnonstop 6:28 am - 9:03 amMCO-CLE 2h 35mnonstop $56 Find Deal dom, dez 24 - qui, jan 4 6:10 am - 9:03 amCLE-MCO 2h 53mnonstop 6:49 pm - 9:28 pmMCO-CLE 2h 39mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal ter, jan 16 - sáb, jan 20 3:43 pm - 6:31 pmCLE-MCO 2h 48mnonstop 9:35 am - 12:12 pmMCO-CLE 2h 37mnonstop $61Frontier Find Deal dom, dez 10 - qua, dez 13 6:34 pm - 9:22 pmCLE-MCO 2h 48mnonstop 6:25 am - 9:01 amMCO-CLE 2h 36mnonstop $64Frontier Find Deal sáb, fev 3 - qui, fev 8 6:40 pm - 9:25 pmCLE-MCO 2h 45mnonstop 7:30 am - 10:11 amMCO-CLE 2h 41mnonstop $68Frontier Find Deal dom, dez 24 - sex, jan 5 Show more results Flights from Cleveland to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Cleveland to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Cleveland to Orlando flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Cleveland to Orlando. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Cleveland to Orlando cost $23 and was between Cleveland and Orlando Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $42. What is the cheapest month to fly from Cleveland to Orlando? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Cleveland to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Cleveland to Orlando is September, where tickets cost $108 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is $246 and $227 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Cleveland to Orlando? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Cleveland to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Cleveland to Orlando, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 11 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Cleveland to Orlando? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Cleveland to Orlando found on KAYAK was with Frontier for $34. Spirit Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $38 and Frontier from $58. Which airlines fly non-stop between Cleveland and Orlando? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Cleveland to Orlando. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Cleveland to Orlando. They are: Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $43 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Cleveland and Orlando per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 5 nonstop flights that take off from Cleveland and land in Orlando, with an average flight time of 2h 38m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Orlando Airport. Each week, there are 30 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Cleveland and Orlando? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Cleveland to Orlando take? Direct flights cover the 889 miles separating Cleveland to Orlando in about 2h 26m. What’s the earliest departure time from Cleveland to Orlando? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Cleveland at 5:45 am and will be landing in Orlando at 8:36 am. What’s the latest departure time from Cleveland to Orlando? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Cleveland to Orlando jets off at 8:12 pm and lands at 11:00 pm. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $34 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 32% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 42% increase in price. Flight from Cleveland to Orlando Airport When to book flights from Cleveland to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Cleveland to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Cleveland to Orlando Does Cleveland Hopkins International Airport (CLE) have places where pets can relieve themselves before a flight? If you've made all the arrangements to travel with a pet, you'll be happy to know that CLE provides two pet relief areas. One is located outside, between where you enter the terminal and the parking garage. The other is located in the Main Terminal between the North and Central checkpoints. Is there a private lounge for military personnel at Cleveland Hopkins International Airport (CLE)? Yes. Members of the US military and their families may enjoy, free of charge, the services and amenities of the Bob Hope USO Lounge at CLE. Situated near baggage claim carousel one, this lounge is open weekdays from 8:00 am to 8:00 pm and weekends from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm. This USO features refreshments, devices for connectivity, a lounge where you can watch movies or read, and more. Do both Orlando airports provide facilities for nursing mothers? Yes. At SFB, you can find a comfortable Mother's Room in Terminal B. Terminals A and B each feature two Mamava lactation pods, with one pod on each level. MCO has 14 comfortable Nursing Rooms and 4 free-standing lactation pods throughout the terminals of the airport. Does the Cleveland airport have an on-site hotel? The Sheraton Cleveland Airport Hotel is located on airport grounds and offers free shuttle service to the terminals. Other nearby hotels that offer free shuttles to the airport include the Hilton Garden Inn Cleveland Airport and The Holiday Inn Express Cleveland Airport Brook Park. Are there any comfortable places to sleep in the Cleveland airport if I have to wait there overnight for my flight to Orlando? As the security checkpoints close for the night, airport staff ushers all passengers into the landside area of the airport, where it is more difficult to find places to sleep. If you think you might be sleeping all night in the Cleveland airport, bring a blanket to sleep on. Ear plugs would also be helpful, since there is usually music from the PA system all night long. If I want to go to Disney World, which is a better arrival airport: Orlando International Airport (MCO) or Orlando Sanford International Airport (SFB)? Both airports have their advantages. If you are traveling with the whole family, arriving at SFB will be simpler and more hassle-free simply because the airport is smaller and less crowded. However, the MCO website has a clear chart that delineates all the travel options from MCO to Disney World, how much they cost, and other details about them. Are there any hotels located near Orlando International airport? One great option is the Holiday Inn Orlando International Airport that sits less than a mile away from the entrance to the airport. The hotel's central location near several major highways means you're just a few minutes away from several of the attractions and destinations you will find in the Orlando area. Where should somebody pick me up at the Orlando Sanford International Airport after my flight from Cleveland? The airport offers a free cell phone lot so they can wait for you in the lot free of charge until your flight arrives. When you’re ready to depart curbside from the terminal building, you can call them to meet you. Are there any hotels close to Orlando Sanford International Airport? A good option that is just to the west of the airport is the Embassy Suites Orlando Downtown. With its great location in the Lake Eola Business District, this is a perfect hotel to use as a base for all of your business and pleasure travel in the Orlando area. Are there any non-stop flights between Cleveland and Orlando? There are a couple of choices for non-stop flights to the Orlando area. Allegiant Airlines offers non-stop service to Orlando Sanford International Airport, while Frontier Airlines offers non-stop service to Orlando International Airport. Do I need a passport to fly between Cleveland and Orlando? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Cleveland and on arrival in Orlando. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Cleveland to Orlando? American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, and Spirit Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Cleveland to Orlando flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Cleveland to Orlando? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Cleveland to Orlando flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Cleveland to Orlando? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Cleveland and Orlando. On which days can I fly direct from Cleveland to Orlando? There are nonstop flights from Cleveland to Orlando on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Cleveland to Orlando, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Cleveland to Orlando are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $315 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $374 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Cleveland to Orlando? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Cleveland to Orlando. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Cleveland to Orlando? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando from Cleveland is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Cleveland to Orlando? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando with an airline and back to Cleveland with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Cleveland to Orlando? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando from Cleveland up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Cleveland to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $36 or less one-way and $68 or less round-trip. If you are interested in visiting nearby Daytona Beach when you land in Orlando, Orlando Sanford International Airport (SFB) is a bit closer than Orlando International Airport (MCO). The drive from SFB is about a half an hour quicker than the drive from MCO. If you are traveling with children from Cleveland to Orlando, consider visiting the indoor playgrounds at the Cleveland Hopkins International Airport (CLE). Located on Concourses A, B, C, and D, these play areas feature climbing mountains and playhouses. If you have time before you catch your flight to Orlando, consider visiting the Superman Art Exhibit in baggage claim at CLE. This exhibit pays homage to Superman, an iconic character who was created in Cleveland almost a century ago. If you’re driving yourself to Cleveland Hopkins International Airport (CLE) before your flight to Orlando and are looking for a smart place to leave your car, the CLE Smart Parking Garage is a great option. This garage is attached to the terminal by a skywalk, and you can park your car there for around $20 per day. There are several public transportation options to get from Orlando International Airport (MCO) to several destinations in the Orlando area. Bus numbers 11, 42, 51, and 111 all have service from the airport to multiple locations in the Orlando area. The fare to ride the bus is around $2. If you’re looking for a ride from a rideshare company like Uber or Lyft from Orlando Sanford International Airport (SFB), you can plan on meeting your ride in the designated pick-up zone opposite the Terminal B baggage claim. For a relaxing place to wait for your flight to Orlando, United Airlines has one of their United Club locations located at Orlando International Airport near Gate C14. With so many things to see and do in the Orlando area, it is no wonder that there are several rental car companies that offer service at Orlando International Airport. All of the rental car companies are on the A-side of the terminal building at the ground transportation level. Some of these companies have additional locations on the B side of the terminal on the ground transportation level as well. If your kids get easily bored while waiting for bags after your flight, the Orlando Sanford International Airport offers a number of kids programming and historical education display choices for them to pass the time while you wait to depart the airport. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Cleveland Hopkins Intl to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from Hopkins Intl to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Cleveland Hopkins Intl to Orlando Search Flights Monday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +3 more Avianca, Azul, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +3 more Avianca, Azul, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +3 more Avianca, Azul, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +3 more Avianca, Azul, +4 more 2 3 Friday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +3 more Avianca, Azul, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +4 more Avianca, Azul, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +4 more Avianca, Azul, +5 more 3 4 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Cleveland Hopkins Intl Search Flights Monday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +3 more Avianca, Azul, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +3 more Avianca, Azul, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +3 more Avianca, Azul, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +3 more Avianca, Azul, +4 more 2 3 Friday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +3 more Avianca, Azul, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +4 more Avianca, Azul, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Avianca, Azul, Copa Airlines, +4 more Avianca, Azul, +5 more 3 4 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Cleveland to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Cleveland to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Cleveland to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 85overall 82comfort 78entertainment 79food 88crew 85boarding Airline reviews Forced to check baggage. The only row without a window. Stale snack. Rude service. Uncomfortable seating.Read more about Alaska Airlines Forced to check baggage. The only row without a window. Stale snack. Rude service. Uncomfortable seating. took so long to depart crew allowed a sick guy board and now i have cold and miserable. cant y’all reinforce common human courtesy ? I upgraded to first class on the way home and got a meal, cocktails, easy access to the restroom, so it was a much better experience than I had on they way to Orlando crammed up to the window seat with hardly any way to get to the restroom unless we all got our of our seats (so embarrassing). I grew up in a time when passengers always were served meals without having to go first class and the seats were roomier. I think I will take Amtrak next time. Pros: "The crew was amazing and the service was efficient and professional!" Cons: "We were on the plane for about an hour due to a thunderstorm. Could not de-plane because another plane was still at our gate. It was really hot and humid in the plane after an hour we landed and we were stuck in the plane for an hour" Pros: "Polite and professional crew; great selection of entertainment, power outlets at each seat—favorite airline by far" Pros: "cleaner plane would be nicer. quieter plane would be nicer. Seating for premium class could be COMFORTABLE." Cons: "cleaner plane would be nicer. quieter plane would be nicer. Seating for premium class could be COMFORTABLE." Pros: "Yes to both, will repeat trip...." Cons: "Wider isle....I have broad shoulders and I got frequently bumped by other passengers and crew. Maybe sit in middle seat..." Pros: "Crew was fine. I’ll never rate meals you have to pay for, at double or triple store prices, very high." Pros: "Every thing was awesome It was the best airlines I had experience since I came here" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Generous portion of free snacks. Coffee, while not great, was good." Cons: "The entertainment display in my seat did not work." Pros: "Snacks and new interior on A320" Cons: "Almost 4 hour delay and no Wi-Fi. When I complained to JetBlue I received a pathetic $15 credit." Cons: "Yes. Delay by 4 hours. I got the notification when I was at the airport." Cons: "It was cold in the flight and Tvs didn’t work due to satellite coverage" Pros: "Crew was amazing. It was the pilot’s last flight before retirement, so it was fun celebrating with him and the crew. Seats were comfortable." Pros: "Crews work really hard to serve all the passengers, thanks for the good service! I like the idea of serving the food first for the older and younger passengers I think that’s a great idea!" Cons: "Keep up the good work! Bathroom is always clean and smells good!" Pros: "The crew was ok." Cons: "We wait too much, at least someone should have told the reasons for the waiting." Cons: "Absolutely perfect from departure to arrival. Our first time flying jet blue and it was incredible" Pros: "Flight was on time, extra room seats were very comfortable." Pros: "Crew handled a health situation very well. Never lost their composure." Cons: "Not having our luggage lost" Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Cons: "Assigning seats at check in? Why was that a thing? Also why did we have to wait for almost an hour once we landed to be given a gate for us to unload? So stupid the whole thing." Cons: "The Delta flight leaving Cleveland was a hour and a half late so we could not make our connection to get home and had to overnight in Minneapolis. This is the fourth time in six flights For Delta. I think the Kayak booking algorithm needs to allow more time between connecting flights." Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Pros: "Delta Comfort Plus for the win! Great seats with plenty of legroom and room for carry ons. Friendly flight attendants" Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "We had to wait at the customs for nearly 1.5hrs, then pick up our luggage, then check in again!!! We were running and got on the plane 10 mins before the departure. Super stressful!!" Pros: "The people was relaxed and the flight attendant was polite and professional.. everything was on time" Cons: "Nothing at all great service" Pros: "I think they flew so fast. We could land almost on time even though we departed a hour late. Airplane was new and clean." Cons: "Boarding was chaos. They overbooked 25? 45? Anyway, they are in panic. They tried to request ppl to take next day flight by giving away 300 gift card etc. the ppl who were told there are no seats upset and arguing at the gate. Flight was delayed for one hour. Once we are on airplane, they are still shuffling seats around, so ppl cannot move forward. Just standing there for 10mins waiting for things to settle. Flight attendants did not give us a headphone. (I have a headphone for iPhone X so I could not connect it to their entertaiment system.)" Pros: "Everything went as smoothly as possible. Not a hiccup. Great price, great flight, great experience!" Pros: "The crew is always wonderful. The complimentary beverage and snack really makes the flight better, even in the tiny seats. The flights with tv screens and charging ports are great, although they only seem to be on my shorter of the two connecting flights." Cons: "Crew allows the first zones to place both their carryon and personal items in overhead storage, filling the bins before many travelers board the plane. We are then asked to check our bag, and are forced to put our 1 bag between our legs, whole many people stored two overhead. Flight was delayed a few minutes and time was not made up in air. Delta changed a few of our flights before we were even off the plane, while other passengers were allowed to keep their original flight (originally we all had the same connecting flight). Looks to me like they overbooked and pulled some of us randomly. Also, my checked bag was sent on wrong plane, and sat unattended at next airport for 2 hours." Pros: "I did not take the flight, I stopped in Miami instead." Cons: "Don’t know because I did not take this flight." Pros: "Arrived 5 minutes early which was great on a very late night." Cons: "Never happened. Had to be cancelled cause we missed our main flight." Cons: "We arrived in Amsterdam at 9am, after traveling two hours to get there. We found out right away that there was a delay and chances of missing the connecting flight from Philadelphia to Orlando were great. We requested a different booking to insure travel to Orlando, which was denied. So the connecting flight was missed and after hours arrived in Orlando at midnight. Missed my ride and all car rentals were booked. All this caused a lot of anxiety and unnecessary stress. Very disappointing. And to add to it, the flight itself was horrible and there was no entertainment available for the entire flight." Cons: "The flight was delayed more times than I can count, we got a different reason each time. Weather I can understand, but telling us we are waiting on a specific crew to arrive and then announcing that crew is not for our flight was just terrible communication. No one seemed apologetic. The only thing they did was bring a snack cart over for us, and that got raided by children so many people didn't get anything. We had arranged transport from Orlando to Tampa for that evening, and our rides had to cancel because instead of 7pm we were now arriving at 130am. Your airline's mistakes put everyone at an inconvenience and we weren't offered assistance to fix it. My husband went to ask for help in arranging new transport home, but he couldn't even get to the front of the line. The customer service was terrible. We really enjoyed our first leg of the flight home with American Airlines, but after the second leg and all of the problems we had... we will not fly with American Airlines in the future." Cons: "It was a full flight, anyone in loading zones 7-9 were required to check their carry-on luggage. We were in loading zone 6, so not required and preferred not to due to our full day of air travel that would continue into a 3 hour car trip. My husband reached the gate, his ticket scanned, and let onto the plane. I walk up next, my ticket is scanned and then the personnel at the gate said in what I can only describe as the most disrespectful, inconsiderate, ill-tempered tone that he would need take my bag. He grabbed it out of my possession, shoved it into the luggage sizing rack and even though it did fit inside the lines, he said it was "too close" and would need to be checked. Not wanting to cause a scene and quite frankly speechless by this man's attitude, I did not object.. It was not until I was seated on the plane that I noticed more than a dozen items of luggage larger than mine and that the vast majority of people that had 3, 4, 5 carry on items when the maximum is 2: one personal item and one carry on luggage item. It was both the lack of respect and the lack of consistency that lead me to have an extremely "poor" boarding experience. Serious retraining needs to be completed and boarding attendants should not be able to harass airline passengers." Cons: "LATAM took our luggage from a flight from a different airline that we used to get from Miami to Orlando. They locked it up and closed before we arrived. My friend was unable to get his medicine, I missed vital time from a work contract, and we had to spend the night at the airport waiting until 1pm today to receive our luggage. This is the worst experience I've had with an airline. No one spoken with on LATAM seemed to care. We were stranded without sleep and got no clear answer from the LATAM hotline. There was no mention of compensation for our troubles. I will not be recommending this airline to other travelers aa this has ruines my work schedule and my friend is unable to get his medicine." Pros: "All aspects of flight were perfect. Couldn't ask for anything more." Cons: "Everything was perfect." Cons: "Airlines are not giving passengers the opportunity to get seats ahead of time and you have to wait till the last minute to get them. That is unless you pay extra money got them." Cons: "I paid to check-in my suitecase....25 dollar's. No lunch or atleast a sandwich in flight. Just not worth 300." Cons: "We were delayed out of Chicago. I missed my connection and had to take an extra flight to reach my destination" Pros: "It got me where I needed to go" Cons: "So crowded, seats uncomfortable, wifi not working completely, screaming children." Pros: "Having a direct flight across the country was a good thing. That was about the only positive, well that & we did land safely." Cons: "Ticket agent said I could take my bag on the plane. Gate agent told me my bag not I were going on the plane unless I paid $50 to put the bag below if I wanted to get in the plane. Very matter of fact & rude. I was just about the last person they let board so there really wasn't a chance to discuss with them. No WiFi on a cross country plane, lame. No access to the headrest video screen w/o paying for it, lame. Snotty unconcerned flight attendants as well. Overall one of the worst flights I've had in memory. I would pay more next time to fly another airline." Pros: "That seats next to me were empty so I was able to sleep comfortably." Cons: "That my ears don't work well, so it's hard to hear the movies." Pros: "I slept through whole way. So it was fabulous. Clean and fast trip." Pros: "Although the flight was cancelled due to the hurricane i got my money back." Cons: "I was thoroughly disappointed when I realized that I had to pay to get any type of entertainment on the in-flight screen. That feels like zero effort on the part of the airline to make my flight enjoyable." Cons: "After United made me miss my connecting flight, I got an alternate flight to a different airport, but not apology, no offer to upgrade, nothing. Already frustrated, and with my knees hitting the seat in front of me because the seats are too close together, a flight attendant scolded me when I dared put my leg in the aisle (which I often do on other airlines without incident). Once on the ground, I went straight to United's baggage office to see if my bag had followed me, and encountered two of the rudest people, cutting me off whenever I said anything more than they needed to enter into their computer. If your job is in customer service, be friendly, apologize when things go wrong, understand that your customers are your reason for being in business, and be helpful." Pros: "Plane was amazing. Crew great." Cons: "Portion of food was extremely small.music selection could be more up to date." Pros: "The flight attendant were super nice. Really nice people" Cons: "The flight was delayed almost 2 hours. Then the guy on the front desk was really rude .. Maybe because I'm Latino? I mean he was super friendly with a white guy and a African American girl .. But with me .. Rudeness and bad service .. I said "hello , how are you?".. He didn't answer .. I told him when I did my checkin my boarding pass had "See agent" in the seating section .. He just took the ticket and gave me the last sit available on the plain even though I arrived almost 3 hours before the original departing hour .. I don't know .. It might be the only available sit or it was just a racist thing .. Who knows .. Really disappointed with United. I'll go back with Ameican Airlines." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Cleveland to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Cleveland to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/18qui nonstopFrontier 2h 50mCLE-MCO $34 Search 1/19sex nonstopFrontier 2h 40mCLE-MCO $35 Search 1/18qui nonstopFrontier 2h 53mCLE-MCO $37 Search 12/14qui nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 45mCLE-MCO $44 Search 12/15sex nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 45mCLE-MCO $46 Search 1/18qui 1 stopDelta 6h 56mCLE-MCO $99 Search 1/21dom 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 16mCLE-MCO $117 Search 12/21qui 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 52mCLE-MCO $201 Search 5/20seg nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 28mCLE-MCO $215 Search 12/30sáb 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 10mCLE-MCO $225 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$40 or less$100 or less$200 or less$230 or less Last minute flights from Cleveland to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Cleveland to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4seg nonstopFrontier 2h 36mCLE-MCO 12/15sex nonstopFrontier 2h 38mMCO-CLE $58 Search 12/5ter nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 46mCLE-MCO 12/12ter multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 09mMCO-CLE $60 Search 12/3dom nonstopFrontier 2h 45mCLE-MCO 12/6qua nonstopFrontier 2h 37mMCO-CLE $76 Search 12/4seg nonstop 2h 41mCLE-MCO 12/6qua multi-stop 11h 09mMCO-CLE $80 Search 12/3dom nonstopFrontier 2h 51mCLE-MCO 12/3dom nonstopFrontier 2h 37mMCO-CLE $81 Search 12/2sáb nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 32mCLE-MCO 12/3dom nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 35mMCO-CLE $93 Search 12/1sex multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 07mCLE-MCO 12/9sáb multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 55mMCO-CLE $596 Search 12/1sex multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 09mCLE-MCO 12/1sex multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 29mMCO-CLE $619 Search 12/3dom multi-stopAlaska Airlines 22h 01mCLE-MCO 12/5ter multi-stopAlaska Airlines 22h 56mMCO-CLE $1,264 Search 12/1sex multi-stopAlaska Airlines 22h 01mCLE-MCO 12/3dom multi-stopAlaska Airlines 23h 59mMCO-CLE $1,332 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$60 or less$80 or less$90 or less$620 or less$1,330 or less Cleveland - Orlando Flights Departure: Cleveland (CLE)United States Return flight deals: Orlando - Cleveland Cabin classes: $568 First Class flights to Orlando $812 Business Class flights to Orlando $422 Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando $42 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » United States » Ohio » Cleveland $38Flights from Cleveland to Orlando Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando $38Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando $252Flights to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport, Orlando Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando from Cleveland. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Orlando from Cleveland. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.