Cheap Flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson from C$ 77 | (YHZ - YYZ) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YHZ - YYZ Find cheap flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport from C$ 77 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 28/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Toronto Pearson Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Halifax to Toronto. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Halifax to Toronto. How much is the cheapest flight from Halifax to Pearson Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Halifax to Pearson Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:10 p.m. - 7:44 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 34mdirect 7:50 a.m. - 11:02 a.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 12mdirect C$ 90Lynx Air Find Deal Fri, 22 Mar - Sun, 24 Mar 11:40 a.m. - 1:17 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 37mdirect 1:50 p.m. - 5:02 p.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 12mdirect C$ 91Lynx Air Find Deal Thu, 4 Apr - Mon, 8 Apr 9:50 p.m. - 11:35 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 45mdirect 7:30 a.m. - 10:34 a.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 04mdirect C$ 98 Find Deal Sat, 30 Mar - Tue, 2 Apr 9:50 p.m. - 11:35 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 45mdirect 2:00 p.m. - 5:12 p.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 12mdirect C$ 106 Find Deal Sat, 23 Mar - Mon, 25 Mar 9:50 p.m. - 11:35 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 45mdirect 5:30 p.m. - 8:55 p.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 25mdirect C$ 145Flair Airlines Find Deal Sat, 2 Mar - Thu, 7 Mar 9:50 p.m. - 11:35 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 45mdirect 5:30 p.m. - 8:55 p.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 25mdirect C$ 147Flair Airlines Find Deal Sat, 23 Mar - Tue, 26 Mar 6:55 p.m. - 8:37 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 42mdirect 8:00 a.m. - 11:07 a.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 07mdirect C$ 213Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Sat, 13 Jan 10:00 p.m. - 11:42 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 42mdirect 6:25 a.m. - 9:32 a.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 07mdirect C$ 214Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 29 Feb - Fri, 15 Mar 7:50 p.m. - 9:32 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 42mdirect 5:05 p.m. - 10:41 p.m.YYZ-YHZ 4h 36m1 stop C$ 239Porter Airlines Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Sun, 14 Jan 7:35 a.m. - 9:17 a.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 42mdirect 5:05 p.m. - 10:41 p.m.YYZ-YHZ 4h 36m1 stop C$ 244Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Sun, 14 Jan Show more results Flights from Halifax to Pearson Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Halifax to Pearson Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is April, where tickets cost C$ 156 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and December, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 309 and C$ 296 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 70 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport were found on Lynx Air (C$ 122) and Flair Airlines (C$ 197). Lynx Air proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 77. Which airlines fly direct between Halifax and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. There are 5 airlines that fly direct from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Flair Airlines, Lynx Air, Porter Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Lynx Air at C$ 95. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Lynx Air. How many flights are there between Halifax and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 12 nonstop flights that take off from Halifax and land in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 2h 41m. The most common departure time is 4:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 74 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Monday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Halifax and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport take? Direct flights cover the 2,070 km separating Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport in about 2h 25m. What’s the earliest departure time from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Halifax at 5:00 am and will be landing in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 6:42 am. What’s the latest departure time from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport jets off at 10:00 pm and lands at 11:42 pm. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight C$ 77 Best time to beat the crowds (26% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (36% more expensive on average) Flight from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport When to book flights from Halifax to Pearson Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Halifax to Pearson Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport flights Does Air France care for passengers with reduced mobility on flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport? Air France ensures that people with reduced mobility feel safe and comfortable on board and at the airports. Two manual or electric wheelchairs or individual mobility equipment can be transported by Air France at no additional charge. There is no maximum size or weight, although certain airports may not have the facilities to board or disembark a large aircraft. How is Flair Airline reducing carbon emissions into the environment? There is a strong sense of environmental pride at Flair. Their fleet of planes reduces carbon dioxide emissions by fourteen percent and saves money on gasoline. This is a significant move toward our goal of becoming Canada's greenest and most sustainable airline. How do I get from downtown Halifax to Halifax Stanfield International Airport (YHZ)? Suppose you are in downtown Halifax and want to go to Halifax Stanfield International Airport (YHZ) for your flight from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport; you can travel by Uber, shuttle bus, train, or taxi. Taking a taxi from Halifax Airport (YHZ) to the city downtown will cost roughly $65 to $85 and take about 27 minutes. What are some of the cities near Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)? Near Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ), you can find cities such as Mississauga, Etobicoke, Brampton, Toronto, Vaughan, Markham, Scarborough, Hamilton, Oshawa, and Kitchener. These cities are within about a 75 km radius of the airport, making transport from the airport to the cities easy and convenient. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Halifax and Toronto Pearson Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport? There are direct flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Halifax to Toronto, Porter Airlines or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Halifax to Toronto are Porter Airlines and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 385 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 393 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Toronto Pearson Airport from Halifax is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Toronto Pearson Airport with an airline and back to Halifax with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Toronto Pearson Airport from Halifax up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Halifax to Toronto Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 157 or less one-way and C$ 260 or less round-trip. Your child will be safe and sound with Austrian Airlines if they have to fly solo from Halifax to Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ). The flight crew will pick them up at the airport, take them to the plane, and hand them off. They will take care of your kid during the trip and hand them to the rightful guardian when they arrive. In the event of any unforeseen adjustments, Australian Airlines will handle them and promptly notify the appropriate parties. Travelers from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport can take advantage of Lufthansa's free checked luggage policy. One bag, up to 23 kg, can be checked by Economy Class travelers. On the other hand, frequent flyers are allowed two bags, each weighing up to 23 kg. First-class travelers are allowed three bags, each weighing up to 32 kg, while Business Class travelers are limited to two. When you book with Emirates for Halifax to YYZ with a pet, you can be assured that your pet will receive the utmost care and attention during their flight, whenever and wherever. You can add extra to the price of your ticket to cover the cost of transporting your dog, cat, falcon, or pet bird as cargo. When traveling with Emirates, you can bring as many pets as you like as checked luggage. If you live far from Halifax and want to be near Halifax Stanfield International Airport (YHZ) on the day of your flight from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport, consider booking a hotel within the airport to spend the previous night on your flight. Hotels like Quality Inn Halifax Airport and Holiday Inn Express & Suites Halifax Airport, an IHG Hotel, will give you the best services to make you feel at home. If you are traveling from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport and you have hearing and speech problems or vision issues, consider booking your flight with Lynx Air. With Lynx Air, you will receive boarding and check-in assistance to make your journey comfortable and safe. You can also bring your assistance tools and service animal in your cabin free of charge. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Halifax Intl to Toronto Pearson Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Halifax Intl to Pearson Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Halifax Intl to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +17 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Tuesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +18 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Thursday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +17 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Saturday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +18 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Sunday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +18 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Toronto Pearson Intl to Halifax Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +18 more Air Canada,Air France, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +16 more Air Canada,Air France, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +16 more Air Canada,Air France, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +16 more Air Canada,Air France, +17 more 15 16 Friday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +17 more Air Canada,Air France, +18 more 16 17 Saturday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +17 more Air Canada,Air France, +18 more 16 17 Sunday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +17 more Air Canada,Air France, +18 more 16 17 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Halifax to Pearson Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Halifax to Toronto. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Halifax to Pearson Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 70entertainment 71food 80overall 81boarding 77comfort 84crew Airline reviews Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy"Read more about WestJet Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy" Pros: "Good legroom in premium economy, power outlets at all seats" Cons: "WiFi speed was terrible" Pros: "The plane was nice and quiet, and the crew was lovely." Cons: "It was so cold!!" Cons: "We never made it to our holiday destination. There were a handful of going to BDA from Pearson. Your inbound flight was late. Would it have killed you to hold it for 5 mins?" Cons: "More space, quicker boarding and getting off, and better transfers" Pros: "Nothing really." Cons: "The lady at the checkin desk volunteered me to check my carry on and told me that she would charge me if I didn’t comply. ( there was more than enough room on the plane for me to store it). The plane wreaked of poo the whole flight and it gave me a head ache, which my Tylenol was in my carry on that the lady forced me to check. And the flight was only supposed to be delayed 15 min, and we didn’t take off until 45 min later, which made us miss our connection. Very disappointing service/ flight from WestJet!" Pros: "Easy boarding, friendly crew" Cons: "Food cart passed us because we had our head down... they must have thought we were sleeping, gum stuck in magazine, the amount of ads before watching a show" Pros: "Most employees were courteous." Cons: "Flights were delayed multiple times . boarding was slow, seemed un organized." Pros: "The flight was delayed, so I was going to miss my connector. They made some calls and got me booked on a British air flight straight to my destination. Thank you!" Pros: "Everything borded on time. Cabin crew was very accommodating in allowing me to move seats to an empty row." Cons: "NA." New jet. Lots of leg room. On time departure. Early arrival. Reasonable airfare. Excellent online experience. Porter uses the intelligent and logical way of boarding a plane - from the back. Nothing , two weeks of dealing with booking glitches on porters side , as our main international carrier was fine ,we were assured. When we got to check in everything would be smooth , we were confirmed there would be no issues, guess what happened? After an hour and a half at check inn we were told there was technical glitch involving payment we may not be able to fly , which would have set off a catastrophic chain , the undue stress on my family was unbearable . They really communicated well advised well in advance of a delay. Contacted to tell me it was almost time to go and to do a check in. Porter, like most airlines, need to improve their baggage policies. In reality, there are no longer 'cheap flights' because passengers pay exorbitant baggage fees. Pros: "On time; easy boarding check-in" Cons: "It would be such a nice touch if you could set up coffee and breakfast snack in the terminal waiting area." Pros: "The crew was great and friendly." Cons: "Nothing, I think for the flight duration it was good." Cons: "I booked this flight on Kayak. No mention at booking that this airlines has a ludicrous policy of charging $50 for a carry on bag!....wow!...last flight ever on Porter." Pros: "Quick fligh." Cons: "Having a terminal to check in would have been nice, I had no luggage to check and still had to wait 30mins in line." Pros: "Crew were lovely" Cons: "2 short hauls. Somewhat turbulent. No one can fix that,crept the Big Guy" Flight was cancelled, then uncancelled but changed, then departure delayed by 45 minutes. Boarding was horrific. As always with Air Canada, the flight left late, one hour in this case. But, apparently the whole system was late, passengers were assured they would make their connections. Once we left the flight was fine. PA system needs to be improved. Hardly hear any captain’s announcement! Quick loading, clean plane, enough room, nice cabin crew, pilots routed through the turbulence and good landing, on time departure, early arrival so nothing to complain about. Did not try the food or the entertainment as it was a short flight. Canceled flight followed by two rescheduled and a total of 8 hours delayed Boarding was horrible. Plane was late . At the end they open second gate to speed up the process ( which was good) . Old plane . I can't watch movie as there was no sound. My wife was able to watch movie but system was slow , rebooted a few times. This chicken menu has been for months, I hope AC have their menu change periodically! My seat cushion wasn't very comfortable and the exit door was dripping water on us at the start and also at the end of the flight. Trip from hell, sorry to say. Halifax - Toronto left late (the new normal…). Toronto - Austin cancelled. Re-booked through Chicago. Flight left more than an hour late. Chicago - Austin left two hours late. Arrived in Austin around 1 am. Ended up traveling - Airport to airport - 15 hours. Food in Chicago left me with upset stomach, so I ended up spending more time in the privy than in my seat. Attendants though supportive. A woman sitting next to me said that her flight from Toronto to Austin was also cancelled last time she flew that route. Makes you think twice about going somewhere. I am 71 so I know how much things have changed. Not entirely the airlines’ fault, but to some degree yes. Maybe sell less tickets, but deliver on the tickets you sell. I failed to avoid going through Toronto this time. I usually go through Montreal. Toronto has a really bad reputation, in many areas, and I was reminded of this the hard way. Cons: "if the flight is on time. I was delay more than 10 hours" Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Halifax to Toronto Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Halifax to Toronto found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 28/1Sun directLynx Air 2h 49mYHZ-YYZ C$ 57 Search 27/1Sat directFlair Airlines 2h 45mYHZ-YYZ C$ 58 Search 18/3Mon directLynx Air 2h 34mYHZ-YYZ C$ 62 Search 2/3Sat directFlair Airlines 2h 45mYHZ-YYZ C$ 72 Search 11/1Thu directPorter Airlines 2h 42mYHZ-YYZ C$ 115 Search 10/12Sun directAir Canada 2h 42mYHZ-YYZ C$ 117 Search 14/1Sun 1 stopAir Canada 5h 31mYHZ-YYZ C$ 122 Search 28/2Wed 1 stopPorter Airlines 5h 55mYHZ-YYZ C$ 129 Search 17/1Wed directWestJet 2h 36mYHZ-YYZ C$ 137 Search 9/2Fri 2 stopsWestJet 16h 33mYHZ-YYZ C$ 269 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirFlair AirlinesPorter AirlinesAir CanadaWestJet Search by priceC$ 60 or lessC$ 70 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 130 or lessC$ 270 or less Last minute flights from Halifax to Pearson Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Halifax to Toronto that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue directFlair Airlines 2h 45mYHZ-YYZ 12/12Tue directFlair Airlines 2h 25mYYZ-YHZ C$ 160 Search 5/12Tue directFlair Airlines 2h 45mYHZ-YYZ 12/12Tue directFlair Airlines 2h 25mYYZ-YHZ C$ 167 Search 4/12Mon directLynx Air 2h 49mYHZ-YYZ 6/12Wed directLynx Air 2h 25mYYZ-YHZ C$ 208 Search 3/12Sun directLynx Air 2h 49mYHZ-YYZ 6/12Wed directLynx Air 2h 25mYYZ-YHZ C$ 230 Search 1/12Fri directPorter Airlines 2h 42mYHZ-YYZ 4/12Mon directPorter Airlines 2h 07mYYZ-YHZ C$ 335 Search 1/12Fri directPorter Airlines 2h 42mYHZ-YYZ 4/12Mon directPorter Airlines 2h 07mYYZ-YHZ C$ 337 Search 4/12Mon directAir Canada 2h 42mYHZ-YYZ 6/12Wed multi-stopAir Canada 8h 15mYYZ-YHZ C$ 450 Search 3/12Sun directAir Canada 2h 42mYHZ-YYZ 9/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 8h 56mYYZ-YHZ C$ 480 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 26h 24mYHZ-YYZ 12/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 22h 18mYYZ-YHZ C$ 1,285 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 29h 49mYHZ-YYZ 6/12Wed multi-stopWestJet 12h 07mYYZ-YHZ C$ 1,482 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesLynx AirPorter AirlinesAir CanadaWestJet Search by priceC$ 170 or lessC$ 230 or lessC$ 340 or lessC$ 480 or lessC$ 1,480 or less Halifax - Toronto Pearson Airport Flights Departure: Halifax (YHZ)Canada Destination: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Return flight deals: Toronto Pearson Airport - Halifax Cabin classes: First Class flights to Toronto C$ 1,598 Business Class flights to Toronto C$ 452 Prem Econ Class flights to Toronto C$ 125 Economy Class flights to Toronto Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Nova Scotia » Halifax C$ 121Flights from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 121Flights to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, Toronto Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Ottawa Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Edmonton Flights to St. John's Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Québec City Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Toronto Pearson Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Toronto Pearson Airport from Halifax. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Toronto Pearson Airport from Halifax. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.