Cheap Flights from Montreal to Toronto Island from C$ 114 | (YUL - YTZ) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YUL - YTZ Find cheap flights from Montreal to Toronto Island from C$ 114 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 16/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Toronto Island These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Toronto, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Toronto, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Montreal to Toronto Island?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Montreal to Toronto Island that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:00 a.m. - 8:25 a.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect 7:45 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect C$ 164Porter Airlines Find Deal Thu, 21 Dec - Sat, 6 Jan 10:50 a.m. - 12:15 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect 8:50 a.m. - 10:05 a.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect C$ 166Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 29 Dec - Mon, 1 Jan 12:30 p.m. - 1:55 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect 4:00 p.m. - 5:15 p.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect C$ 167Porter Airlines Find Deal Sat, 23 Dec - Sat, 23 Dec 4:30 p.m. - 5:56 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 26mdirect 10:25 a.m. - 11:40 a.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect C$ 168Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 5 Jan - Mon, 8 Jan 7:00 a.m. - 8:25 a.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect 4:00 p.m. - 5:15 p.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect C$ 169Porter Airlines Find Deal Sat, 23 Dec - Fri, 29 Dec 9:00 p.m. - 10:25 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect 4:00 p.m. - 5:15 p.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect C$ 171Porter Airlines Find Deal Sat, 30 Dec - Thu, 4 Jan 6:55 p.m. - 8:20 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect 8:55 p.m. - 10:10 p.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect C$ 172Porter Airlines Find Deal Thu, 4 Jan - Mon, 8 Jan 6:30 p.m. - 7:56 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 26mdirect 10:25 a.m. - 11:40 a.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect C$ 181Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 29 Dec - Fri, 5 Jan 8:30 a.m. - 9:56 a.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 26mdirect 3:25 p.m. - 4:40 p.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect C$ 194Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 15 Dec - Tue, 19 Dec 1:30 p.m. - 2:56 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 26mdirect 7:45 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect C$ 220 Find Deal Tue, 9 Jan - Wed, 10 Jan Show more results Flights from Montreal to Toronto Island - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Montreal to Toronto Island to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Island Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Island Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Island Airport is March, where tickets cost C$ 232 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and September, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 372 and C$ 338 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Island Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Island Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Island Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 80 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Montreal to Toronto Island? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Montreal to Toronto Island found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for C$ 223 on Porter Airlines, followed by Air Canada (C$ 228). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as C$ 114 on Porter Airlines and from C$ 118 on Air Canada. Which airlines fly direct between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Toronto Island Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Island Airport. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Island Airport. They are Air Canada and Porter Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is Air Canada, with the best deal found costing C$ 187. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air Canada. How many flights are there between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Toronto Island Airport per day? Each day, there are between 11 and 14 nonstop flights that take off from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and land in Toronto Island Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 25m. The most common departure time is 7:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 85 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Toronto Island Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Montreal to Toronto Island take? Direct flights cover the 791 km separating Montreal to Toronto Island in about 1h 25m. What’s the earliest departure time from Montreal to Toronto Island? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport at 7:00 am and will be landing in Toronto Island Airport at 8:25 am. What’s the latest departure time from Montreal to Toronto Island? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Island Airport jets off at 9:00 pm and lands at 10:25 pm. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 114 Best time to beat the crowds (4% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 2% lower on average. Flight from Montreal to Toronto Island When to book flights from Montreal to Toronto Island Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Montreal to Toronto Island based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Montreal to Toronto Island flights Which airports will I be using when flying from Montreal to Toronto Island? When flying out of Montreal you will be using Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl. You will be landing at Toronto Island, also known as Toronto Island. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Montreal to Toronto Island? Air Canada, Delta, WestJet, Korean Air, and TAP AIR PORTUGAL offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Montreal to Toronto Island flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Montreal to Toronto Island? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Montreal to Toronto Island flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Montreal to Toronto Island? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Montreal and Toronto Island. On which days can I fly direct from Montreal to Toronto Island? There are direct flights from Montreal to Toronto Island on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Montreal to Toronto, Porter Airlines or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Montreal to Toronto are Porter Airlines and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 319 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 300 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Montreal to Toronto Island? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Montreal to Toronto Island. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Montreal to Toronto Island? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Toronto Island from Montreal is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Montreal to Toronto Island? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Toronto Island with an airline and back to Montreal with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Montreal to Toronto Island? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Toronto Island from Montreal up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Montreal to Toronto Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 192 or less one-way and C$ 310 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Toronto Island? Find which airlines fly direct from Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Toronto Island, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Toronto Island Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Toronto Island to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top airlines flying from Montreal to Toronto Island See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Montreal to Toronto. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Montreal to Toronto Island? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 Porter AirlinesOverall score based on 2737 reviews 78comfort 83crew 78food 68entertainment 78overall 78boarding Airline reviews Cons: "The flight was delayed by 2 hours . We missed our appointment and want to be compensated!!!"Read more about Porter Airlines Cons: "The flight was delayed by 2 hours . We missed our appointment and want to be compensated!!!" Pros: "Flight attendants are among the most professional and refined I’ve come across traveling anywhere in North America. It’s a pleasure flying with them." Pros: "Our flight attendant was WONDERFUL! I wish I knew her name. She was the only one with glasses. This was the ~3:15pm flight Nov 25 from Montreal to Toronto. She was very pleasant and attentive, and truly loved her job but not over the top. My friend and I were super impressed by the service of everyone but especially her. The snacks were also a very nice touch. Great prices and deals on flights" Pros: "The seats were comfortable and even roomy, compared to many other airlines." Cons: "Two minor drawbacks: (1) In the Porter lounge, where I was stuck between connecting flights, the cost of food was too high. (2) The weather buffets these small planes more than would be the case with jetliners." Pros: "We waited 45min in the plane before taking off, I missed my transfert flight and I had to wait for the next one in Toronto" Pros: "Easy on/easy off" Cons: "The lavatory was dirty and had a very high odour. There MUST be a way to clean it between flights." Pros: "Friendly crew, comfortable seats, leg room is really good and snacks." Cons: "Delayed flight 45 minutes" Pros: "Flight was delayed for 4 boring and tiring hrs." Cons: "Delayed flight and no decent food to purchase at d louge" Pros: "We made it to our destination. Flight attendants were pleasant. Juice was served in a real glass not plastic. Storage in overhead very narrow. Couldn’t get standard size bag it it." Cons: "Gate was changed but no announcements were made.Flight left over an hour late. No instructions given for people with connecting flights." Pros: "Shuttle/downtown convenience / ease of boarding procedures due to small size / coffee in lounge!" Pros: "The crew was very attentive" Cons: "As much as the flight was truly very good and the crew very friendly and helpful as much as the equipment (airplane, seats, entertainment) really shabby and certainly not worth the the 2500,00 $ I paid for a better seat. I could of flown with Air transat and get better than I got with Air Canada. I feel it was rip off. Quality - price not there . Please give your crew a better uniform. The ones they wear now is very sad and oldish looking. If I think this and am 67 years old, imagine what the younger generation thinks." Pros: "Everything was perfect on the flight. The service, the food and the crew." Cons: "Seats are a bit small. Not very comfortable and touch screen of entertainment system was slow." Cons: "Lack of communication. Crew was unattentitive and seemed to not know protocol or appear to have things under the control." Pros: "The passengers, the Brussels airport retail area, 1 of the flight attendants who was polite and welcoming, and the entertainment selections. Finally being connected to Swiss staff." Cons: "The crew was not very welcoming and was borderline rude when I asked any sort of question such as why I was not allowed to wear my headphones prior to take off. I was patient in not wearing them, but could not relaxing into the trip for the 40+ minutes we remained on the ground mostly not moving. I was tired when boarding and fumbled with my documents and was very curtly told to just hand them over. Another time I accidentally mistook headphones the stewardess was handing out for something else. I took a pair and then immediately gave them back with an apology that I didn't realise what they were, but thanked her anyway. This was met with a scowl and a bit of opposition. There was one stewardess that was very nice and accommodating out of the entire crew. On top of this the toilet seat on the plane was broken, so it fell on you when you were trying to go to the bathroom, and the soap dispenser was broken. I didn't dare mention these things to the flight crew though. The plane was late taking off from Montreal, and so was late landing in Brussels. No effort was made to provide connections assistance, or provide directions on where to go to rebook our missed connections. I and all others traveling to Zurich spent the entire morning trying to find anyone from Air Canada to help us rebook our flights. We literally were going from desk to desk between two terminals, and consulting each other as we went to limit the amount of leg work we all had to do. We all had to finally leave the terminal area and go to Swissport and stand in a long slow line. By that time any afternoon flight was already overbooked. So I and a group of other passengers were booked for an evening flight which forced me to book a hotel in Zurich because I couldn't get to where I needed to be that evening. After being rebook, I still tried to get on an earlier flight by going directly to the gate. It was confirmed that there was some extra space available, but they would not switch me to the earlier flight because I had a checked bag that I could not separate me from. Ultimately my bag was lost which made me have to stay awake and in the Zurich airport even longer after I finally arrived going from one lost baggage representative to another, and then waiting in another line to finally fill out paperwork because my bag had never been scanned in Brussels. The Zurich representatives were very polite, helpful, and efficient compared to anyone I encountered in Montreal, or Brussels. I was without my bag for 3.5 days of what was supposed to be a 10 day trip. My trip was reduced to 9 days because I spent an entire day in the Brussels airport and then had to spend the night in Zurich. I arrived in Zurich on Saturday night, and received my bag on Tuesday afternoon. All in all it was not a good experience until I got to Switzerland." Pros: "Where do i start? It’s a short flight to be sure but air canada planes never feel like many Other airlines’ mini planes or puddle jumpers. they seem new, spacious, seat back Entertainemnt, just great. Also, there is no scrimping on Service. How many Delta or united or American flights have i taken on this route only to be told “coffee or water” and sometimes no coffee “the flight is too short”. Nonsense! Granted I was in business, but I had a full hot breakfast served and a full array of beverages offered. It AC can do it, everyone can. The flight attendant was lovely." Cons: "The flight was too short :)" Pros: "Boarding was easy" Cons: "This was a +10 hour trans Atlantic flight. We walked on and immediately noticed there were no TV screens. I expected that the crew would be handing out portable screens instead which would have been ok but pretty inconvenient. This was not the case. We asked the crew and were told that to have entertainment for the flight we would have to download the Air Canada flight into our OWN devices and connect to the airplane wifi. They also explained that you can't download the app while connected to the airplane wifi so anyone who wanted entertainment had to scramble to download the app while we were still on the ground and Use cellular data! at this point 300 people were either panicking because they didn't have a personal device with them, didn't have a charger for their device and so would have power issues or were forced to use up roaming data because they had non Canadian phone plans!!! At the very least staff should have told passengers about this setup while they were waiting at the gate, so that people would have time to download the app with airport wifi! add to all this the fact that the app was extremely low quality and the options for movies/show were disappointingly dated and limited. This was not officially a cheap low cost flight for my family but the service we got certainly would categorize it as such. Very disappointed." Pros: "They provided a meal, a snack, and plenty of beverages. The crew was pleasant, attentive, and helpful." Cons: "Our flight was delayed three hours. My flight and one other were the last to leave that night. There were no TVs on this flight. The only way to watch movies was on a smart phone or electronic device through their app. My poor old fashioned dad, didn't bring his phone so he would have just sat there for seven and a half hours if I didn't let him borrow mine. AirCanada's alternative is to rent an iPad from them, just another way for airline companies to get money out of us. The movie choices on their app were bad and older. International flights usually have new movies to so it is less likely passengers have seen them already." Pros: "Roomy plane." Cons: "Restroom no working for disabled. Boarding was disorganized and chaotic." Cons: "No entertainment no snacks no checked in luggage. You have to pay to rent iPad to watch inflight movies as pay for earphones. Air Canada has become a premium priced airline with extra low cost /no frills service. Sad and disappointing. Last time I am flying with AC. Rather book cheaper airlines and know what to expect than pay a premium and get even less than the low cost option. Boarding staff was rude pushing people etc" Pros: "the pilot did a great job. the crew was nice." Cons: "It was interesting to me that the plane used for a 4 hour flight (this one) was smaller than a plane used for a 1hr flight. I was uncomfortable the entire time. this was a redeye flight, departing at midnight. the cabin lights stayed on for the first hour making it impossible to dose off. we were given a 'snack' of a disgusting chicken wrap slathered in mayo. it was inedible. oh, and accompanied by a large kitkat bar. I mean. Who came up with this combo? there were no screens, no in flight entertainment unless you wanted to run down your phone battery or rent an ipad for $10. I was truly disappointed." Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Book cheap flights from Montreal to Toronto Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Montreal to Toronto found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 16/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 84 Search 24/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 86 Search 22/12Fri directAir Canada 1h 26mYUL-YTZ C$ 87 Search 22/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 88 Search 19/12Tue directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 89 Search 22/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 90 Search 22/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 92 Search 15/12Fri directAir Canada 1h 26mYUL-YTZ C$ 100 Search 15/12Fri directAir Canada 1h 26mYUL-YTZ C$ 121 Search 5/12Tue 2 stops 33h 08mYUL-YTZ C$ 158 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir Canada Search by priceC$ 90 or lessC$ 90 or lessC$ 90 or lessC$ 100 or lessC$ 160 or less Last minute flights from Montreal to Toronto Island Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Montreal to Toronto that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue directAir Canada 1h 26mYUL-YTZ 12/12Tue directAir Canada 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 301 Search 1/12Fri direct 1h 25mYUL-YTZ 3/12Sun direct 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 334 Search 3/12Sun multi-stop 33h 08mYUL-YTZ 15/12Fri direct 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 353 Search 5/12Tue direct 1h 25mYUL-YTZ 12/12Tue direct 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 357 Search 5/12Tue direct 1h 25mYUL-YTZ 11/12Mon direct 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 358 Search 5/12Tue directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YTZ 16/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 422 Search 3/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YTZ 16/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 424 Search 4/12Mon directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YTZ 8/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 430 Search 5/12Tue directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YTZ 14/12Thu directPorter Airlines 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 448 Search 1/12Fri directAir Canada 1h 26mYUL-YTZ 12/12Tue directAir Canada 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 518 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir CanadaPorter Airlines Search by priceC$ 330 or lessC$ 360 or lessC$ 420 or lessC$ 430 or lessC$ 520 or less Montreal - Toronto Island Flights Departure: Montreal (YUL)Canada Destination: Toronto Island (YTZ)Canada Return flight deals: Toronto Island - Montreal Cabin classes: First Class flights to Toronto Business Class flights to Toronto Prem Econ Class flights to Toronto C$ 267 Economy Class flights to Toronto Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 223Flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Island Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Island C$ 223Flights to Toronto Island Airport, Toronto Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Moncton Flights to Victoria Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Toronto Island flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Toronto Island from Montreal. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Toronto Island from Montreal. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.