Cheap Flights from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat from $167 | (BOS - BCN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW BOS - BCN Find cheap flights from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat from $167 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Barcelona-El Prat These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Barcelona. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Barcelona. How much is the cheapest flight from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:20 pm - 9:10 pmBOS-BCN 20h 50m1 stop 10:10 pm - 5:00 pmBCN-BOS 24h 50m1 stop $306PLAY Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Thu, Feb 1 6:20 pm - 9:10 pmBOS-BCN 20h 50m1 stop 10:10 pm - 5:00 pmBCN-BOS 24h 50m1 stop $314PLAY Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Thu, Jan 18 6:20 pm - 8:50 pmBOS-BCN 20h 30m1 stop 10:10 pm - 5:00 pmBCN-BOS 24h 50m1 stop $317PLAY Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Thu, Jan 18 11:25 pm - 12:35 pmBOS-BCN 7h 10mnonstop 6:45 pm - 9:40 pmBCN-BOS 8h 55mnonstop $338Vueling Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Thu, Feb 8 11:25 pm - 12:35 pmBOS-BCN 7h 10mnonstop 6:45 pm - 9:40 pmBCN-BOS 8h 55mnonstop $339Vueling Find Deal Sat, Feb 3 - Tue, Feb 6 11:25 pm - 12:35 pmBOS-BCN 7h 10mnonstop 6:45 pm - 9:40 pmBCN-BOS 8h 55mnonstop $404LEVEL Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sat, Jan 27 6:10 pm - 1:45 pmBOS-BCN 13h 35m1 stop 6:35 am - 2:10 pmBCN-BOS 13h 35m1 stop $411TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Sun, Feb 4 10:55 pm - 8:20 pmBOS-BCN 15h 25m1 stop 10:50 am - 8:05 pmBCN-BOS 15h 15m1 stop $416TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Sat, Feb 3 11:25 pm - 12:35 pmBOS-BCN 7h 10mnonstop 6:45 pm - 9:40 pmBCN-BOS 8h 55mnonstop $441Iberia Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Tue, Jan 23 11:25 pm - 12:35 pmBOS-BCN 7h 10mnonstop 10:40 am - 5:43 pmBCN-BOS 13h 03m1 stop $478Iberia Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Sun, Jan 21 Show more results Flights from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat Airport is February, where tickets cost $426 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $947 and $942 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 24 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Boston to Barcelona? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Boston to Barcelona were found on PLAY ($306) and Vueling ($338). Vueling proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $167. Which airlines fly non-stop between Boston and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat Airport. There is just one airline that flies from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat Airport direct and that is Iberia. The best one-way deal found from Iberia for the route is $440. How many flights are there between Boston and Barcelona-El Prat Airport per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Boston and lands in Barcelona-El Prat Airport, with an average flight time of 7h 10m. The most common departure time is 11:00 pm and most flights take off at night. Each week, there are 3 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Boston and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Boston to Barcelona take? The average nonstop flight takes 7h 10m, covering a distance of 3,638 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Boston to Barcelona? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Boston at 11:25 pm and will be landing in Barcelona-El Prat Airport at 12:35 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Boston to Barcelona? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat Airport jets off at 11:25 pm and lands at 12:35 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $167 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 35% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 42% increase in price. Flight from Boston to Barcelona When to book flights from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Boston to Barcelona-El Prat flights What are the layover options for Boston to Barcelona flights? The layover options for the flights to Barcelona from Boston vary from one airline to the other. If you’re flying to Barcelona with American Airlines or British Airways, expect a layover in Philadelphia and London Heathrow respectively. Air Canada offers flights to BCN with common stops in Montreal and Frankfurt. Passengers flying with Delta should expect layovers in New York or Amsterdam while those using Air France will have a stop in Paris Charles de Gaulle. Finnair and Iberia offer flights to BCN with common layovers in London Heathrow and Madrid respectively. Which airlines fly sustainably from Boston to Barcelona? On average, every passenger on a flight to Barcelona from Boston to Barcelona emits about 3139 kg of C02. Delta, Air France, American Airlines, Azores Airlines, Air Canada, British Airways, Finnair, and Iberia operate some of the most eco-friendly flights from Boston to Barcelona. These airlines offer nonstop, one-stop, and two-stop flights on this route and emit about 30%, 29%, 29%, 29%, 26%, 25%, 25%, and 24% less C02 respectively than most of their counterparts. Can I sleep at Barcelona El Prat International Airport? If your flight is scheduled for a late touchdown at BCN, consider spending the night at the airport. Sleep & Fly Barcelona offers a suite and nine rooms at the Business Center on the First Floor of Terminal 1. The rooms are equipped with private bathrooms, double bed, TV, and telephones among others. They can be used for daytime slumber or an overnight stay. Does Barcelona El Prat International Airport offer facilities for passengers traveling with their children? Yes. The airport offers nursing spaces for feeding, pumping, or nursing your kids. In Terminal 1, the nursing spaces are at the Boarding Areas D and E on the Third Floor, and at the Sky Center Planta 1. The airport offers free luggage trollies equipped with baby strollers. Passengers traveling with their children are also granted preferential access at the security checkpoints in Terminals 1 and 2. How do I get to downtown Barcelona from El Prat Airport? El Prat Airport is accessible by several public transportation options. Aerobus, taxi services, and Metro L11 are all conveniently connected to downtown Barcelona. If you wish to hire a car, many car rental companies operate out of BNC. The car hire kiosks can be found at both terminals near the baggage claim. Can I fly non-stop from Boston to Barcelona? There are no non-stop flights from Boston Logan to Barcelona, but several airlines provide flights with only one stop, including Tap Air Portugal, Lufthansa, Iberia, and Delta. I have a long wait for a connecting flight. Is there an on-site hotel at Boston Logan? There are two hotels on Boston Logan property for guests to stay between flights: The Hilton Boston Logan and the Hyatt Harborside. The Hilton connects to Boston Logan via an enclosed sky bridge, and provides complimentary shuttle service to all terminals. The Hyatt also has shuttle service, and includes a business center and fitness center for its guests. Is there a passenger lounge at BNC where I can wait for my flight? Yes, passengers flying with any airline are free to use a selection of lounges at Barcelona El Prat. The lounges have comfortable seating and provide guests with food, drink, and wi-fi. Some lounges even include showers. Do I need a passport to fly between Boston and Barcelona? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Boston and on arrival in Barcelona. Which airports will I be using when flying from Boston to Barcelona? Boston and Barcelona are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Boston from Boston Logan Intl and will be arriving at Barcelona-El Prat. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Boston to Barcelona? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Boston to Barcelona flight route: Iberia, Delta, Virgin Atlantic, Air France, KLM, PSA Airlines, JetBlue, Finnair, and American Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Boston to Barcelona? The Airbus A330-200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Boston to Barcelona flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Boston to Barcelona? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between Boston and Barcelona. On which days can I fly direct from Boston to Barcelona? You can catch a nonstop flight from Boston to Barcelona on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Which is the best airline for flights from Boston to Barcelona, Delta or Aer Lingus? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Boston to Barcelona are Delta and Aer Lingus. With an average price for the route of $862 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Aer Lingus is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $650 and an overall rating of 7.4. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Boston to Barcelona? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Boston to Barcelona. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Boston to Barcelona? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Barcelona from Boston is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Boston to Barcelona? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Barcelona with an airline and back to Boston with another airline. Booking your flights between Boston and BCN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Boston to Barcelona? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Barcelona from Boston up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from BOS to Barcelona-El Prat Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $270 or less one-way and $418 or less round-trip. Visit the currency exchange counters at Barcelona El Prat International Airport (BCN). In Terminal 1, they are at the Boarding Area D, Sky Center, Check-in Hall, and Baggage Claim Hall. The counters in Terminal 2 are at the Boarding Areas U-W, Baggage Claim Hall, and Arrivals Hall on Floor 0. Passengers traveling through Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) are welcome to refill their water bottles for free at the airport. The water bottle filling stations are available after the security checkpoints in Terminals B, C, and E. If you’re traveling with your kids through BOS, you can take them to the airport’s Kidports to relax before your flight. They are near Gate 18 in Terminal A and Gate 25 in Terminal C. If you’re tagging your pet along for the trip from Boston, you will be happy to know that BOS offers pet relief areas at the Arrivals Area curb in every Terminal. In Terminal E, you will get pet relief areas from across Gate E7. Classic Salon at BOS provides hair and hair services to passengers of all ages. It is located in Terminal C and operates from 7:30 am to 6 pm on weekdays and from 8 am to 5 pm on Saturdays. Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) is a comfortable hub for passengers, with art exhibits, a spa, and a children’s play area. Boston Logan is the location of Our Lady of the Airways, a non-denominational chapel and 9/11 memorial that travelers can visit before their flight. The Silver Line between Logan Airport and South Station is a free bus service for travelers who need to take public transportation in Boston. South Station provides connections to a number of bus and train services. Boston Logan is also accessible by water taxi and ferry, and bike racks are available in multiple convenient locations for those commuting to the airport by bike. For those driving themselves to the airport, Boston Logan has short-term and extended stay parking options depending on the length of your trip. There is also an economy parking lot with free shuttle bus transportation to every terminal. In order to better assist passengers who are blind, Boston Logan is partnered with Aira, a convenient service that provides live assistance via mobile app and smart glasses. Signage is equipped with Braille as well. The airport also allows service animals, and animal relief areas are provided outside all terminals. Barcelona El Prat Airport (BNC) services the majority of Spain’s international flights, and is the second-busiest airport in Spain. The airport provides a number of services for passengers, including restaurants, currency exchange, chapel, and a play area for kids. Passengers who need to wait for a connecting flight have their choice of hotels near El Prat, including an on-site hotel located in Terminal 1’s business center area. BNC also offers free shuttle services for passengers transferring from one terminal to another. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Boston Logan Intl to Barcelona-El Prat? Find which airlines fly direct from Logan Intl to Barcelona-El Prat, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Boston Logan Intl to Barcelona-El Prat Search Flights Tuesday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +3 more American Airlines, British Airways, +4 more 2 3 Thursday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +3 more American Airlines, British Airways, +4 more 2 3 Saturday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +3 more American Airlines, British Airways, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Barcelona-El Prat to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Tuesday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +3 more American Airlines, British Airways, +4 more 2 3 Thursday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +3 more American Airlines, British Airways, +4 more 2 3 Saturday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +3 more American Airlines, British Airways, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Boston to Barcelona. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 86crew 82overall 82boarding 77entertainment 79food 78comfort Airline reviews Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Entertainment didn’t work, the crew did nothing to help. The plane was hot and stuffy. My luggage is lost."Read more about SWISS Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Entertainment didn’t work, the crew did nothing to help. The plane was hot and stuffy. My luggage is lost." Pros: "The crew service was very good, as was the food. The only complain is about the entertainment, hope to update the touch screen." Cons: "I asked the Chinese flight attendant in economy to please ask the man in front of me to put his seat up since the captain and purser had already asked us to do so in three languages The man in front of me refused to do so. She said she was going to start at the front of the plane and let him leave his seat back making it difficult to see my tv monitor. I thought that she should’ve said that it was time to put your seat up. It was frustrating that she didn’t support me and the request of the captain. Your seats are very uncomfortable upright when the person in front of you has their seat back." Pros: "On time; smooth boarding process; lights dimmed for a reasonably long time." Cons: "NO legroom on the Zurich to Dusseldorf flight." Pros: "On time arrival" Cons: "Boston -Zurich, the most uncomfortable seat possible. I am 5’2 and I barely fit.... Seats are way more comfortable on European flights." Cons: "The temperature on this overnight flight was sweltering Legroom was poor" Pros: "We were pleasantly surprised at how good the food was! An added bonus was the chocolate they gave us. Crew was professional and courteous." Pros: "The staff upgraded me to business. It was a great wxperience" Pros: "There were good entertainment options though I didn’t use them" Cons: "Our flight was delayed 2.5 hours, during which we had boarded but were told we could not leave our seats even for the bathroom. We were offered a cup of water once during this delay which is inexcusable. (We were also woken up to serve dinner at 1am so that was incredibly inconvenient for an overnight flight) On top of that, I, as well as many others missed our connecting flight. Personally I missed my connection by 20 minutes, which seems a reasonable amount of time to hold a connecting flight with so many people from our flight on that next one. In missing by only 20 minutes, we have lost an entire day of our trip and are spending 9! hours in the airport today. There was no communication between flights clearly. Despite there being an earlier flight we could’ve been placed on after missing our connection - we did not get booked on this flight. I asked why and they just randomly placed people on random flights with no regard for when we showed at the desk. In this scenario, a first come first serve would have alleviated an absolutely awful experience. I will never fly Swiss Air again and will urge people I know to not fly this airline. The experience was extremely frustrating, the best response from an employee was “that’s all I can do for you” and I wish it on no one." Cons: "К сажалению,мне испортили отпуск. Был утеряны мой багаж. Я вынуждена 3 день ходить по магазинам и тратить свое время на отдых,покупая необходимые вещи,те, что необходимо для отдыха. Я потеряла три дня отдыха. И до сих пор я дожидаясь , сижу в квартире и не знаю когда он прибудет. Я крайне не довольна To the planting, I was spoiled vacation. My luggage was lost. I have to go shopping for 3 days and spend my time on vacation, buying the necessary things, those that are necessary for recreation. I lost three days of rest. And so far I'm waiting, sitting in the apartment and I do not know when he will arrive. I am extremely unhappy" Pros: "The crew was great. The pilots too." Cons: "The audio and video at my seat did not work correctly." Cons: "Nothing, really. Airlines unfortunately can’t make people patient or polite, & I can’t afford a private jet, so I’ll have to settle for an eye roll or twelve." Cons: "During this trip all my flights got delayed and I was told that I could not get a hotel room and had to pay for myself." Pros: "The crew was very friendly. The plane was very quiet (except for noisy crying babies)." Cons: "Unless you can afford the higher priced "comfort class" or first class seats, the seating is very, very cramped on Delta's 757s. It's a good thing the flight was only 5+ hours (but that's not long enough to get any decent amount of sleep on this flight scheduled as a redeye)." Pros: "The only thing I liked about the experience and flight was the Delta Sky Club" Cons: "Everything" Pros: "Seat was hard, not much foot space" Cons: "My wife and Iasked for a snack, it was never delivered" Pros: "Seating was fine" Cons: "Did not have a wheelchair waiting for my wife when we arrived in LAX" Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "An hour and a half late, terrible communication about scheduling" Pros: "nice crew" Cons: "terrible seat comfort, late departure due to airline’s booking problems" Pros: "Early warning about little overhead compartment baggage space. Short flight made shorter in air." Cons: "No enough carry on baggage space" The seats are too cramped in that plane. If you’re above 1,80m consider alternatives or first class I guess… There were no emergency exits to seat somewhere with more legroom Pros: "Due to business I travel allot so I deal with allot of airlines. This is by far the best airlines I have used. Excellent crew and airport staff. I don’t think words can express how satisfied I am with this airlines and airport. The nicest people and great service. Clean and modern aircraft. Going to try flying only with KLM from now on." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "A flight was delayed due to weather conditions and we had to sit in the plane for almost an hour, BUT information sharing from the Capitan was sufficient and on-time. Very good job from pilots. Leg room in economy - I was positively surprised, very decent leg room! Thank you for providing it." Cons: "I flew economy and all was good and appropriate to the level." Pros: "the crew was wonderful, we got a nice Wrap and water, wine or coffee for free, not all airlines serve it anymore, we were on time and I got whatsapp message with updates of the flight" Pros: "Reclinable seats." Cons: "The food!! The lights could be dimmed as it was a night flight." Cons: "Flight on time would have been good when you have a late evening arrival. Long wait for luggage at Birmingham airport." Cons: "Dozens of high school students screaming and climbing onto seats, crew did not intervene." Pros: "The earphones for out two seats only worked intermittently, but the Purser, Lee-Ann handled it professionally and pleasantly. That was the only disappointment in an otherwise pleasant flight" Cons: "The earphones could have worked!" Pros: "Crew were great, food, entertainment, seat and everything else was great as well." Pros: "The flight started with a visit in the recently renovated KLM crown lounge in Amsterdam airport. I liked the various seating options and of course the upstairs bar. The service on board was attentive and efficient, the food options I really liked (especially the Chinese dish) but also the little touches like the nuts & gouda cheese which were served in small porcelain bowls. The seat itself was very comfortable when sitting and the structure gives a lot of privacy. However for couples or friends travelling it's a bit cumbersome to have a conversation even when sitting in seats next to each other. Overall my expectations were fulfilled." Cons: "This seat is not ideal for sleeping for taller persons (I'm 185cm tall) as the space to put the feet is very narrow and it's uncomfortable when lying on the back (as one cannot put them in the natural resting position). Cabin temperature could have been a bit lower for my taste. Crew needs better training with regards to transfer procedure in Chengdu." Pros: "I enjoying having an aisle seat plus two empty seats next to me. I appreciated that you are conserving plastic cups. Keep up the conservation!" Cons: "All of our luggage was lost and did not arrive in Prague" Cons: "Tv screen didn’t work very well. ( picture was fine but the function buttons were terrible)." Pros: "I have never been treated so poorly by counter people in my life!" Cons: "After 2 hour delay, the flight was cancelled. NO ONE helped to find another flight. After waiting in line for 2 hours, the ticket agent handed me a card and said I had to call the 800 number. The person on the phone said I had to talk to ticket agent to go standby on a flight to Munich and the ticket agent told me I had to call. I was caught in a loop and no one helped. Then when it became apparent I wasn't getting out that night I was informed that there were no hotel vouchers and I would have to find my own hotel! After searching for an hour for a hotel (all were sold out in Boston) I called a friend who lives outside of Boston. No one gave me a taxi voucher because it was not to a hotel. LUFTHANSA customer service is the WORST!!!!!!!!" Pros: "Cuteous service" Cons: "Seats were to close together, nomlegroom, impossible when set in front reclined. Breakfast food meager." Cons: "Passport control in Frankfurt was slow, very long linen under staffed" Cons: "The flight was delayed several times and we were kept waiting at the gate without knowing when exactly we will leave." Pros: "The staff was friendly and professional" Cons: "The seats were too cramped, no chance to sleep on an overnight flight. In fact my back was quite sore from being cramped in the seat with no leg room and no under seat room for a small backpack. I’m only 5’2”" Pros: "The cabin crew was very friendly and professional. The food was good too. The flight was right on time." Pros: "The cheese sandwich was good." Cons: "Flight left late. Airport employees weren't helpful. The plane was hot." The entertainment offerings were not as good as I would have expected, but the service was very good, the crew helpful, and the flight on time! A very pleasant experience overall. Pros: "Everything! I never knew that Finnair was such a great airline." Cons: "Honestly, nothing could have been better." Pros: "The crew were helpful, pleasant and professional" Cons: "There wasn't anything we actively didn't like. It was a good flight." Pros: "Good food." Cons: "Entertainment TV did not work. Flight attendants were unable to fix it. Made for a long, boring 7.5 hour flight." Pros: "The flight did eventually take off, unlike a few others leaving around the same time." Cons: "We were delayed several hours and were never told why. Mostly there were no Aeroflot staff at the gate to ask. When there was, they said they couldn't help us because our flight was a codeshare with FinnAir. At the last minute they switched gates, sending us all scurrying." Pros: "Given the choice I would hands down pick Finnair over a US based carrier the Europeans provide bigger seats and better service... Little things like hot towels, extra wine and chocolate after meals was truly appreciated..." Cons: "Im an amateur traveler and I could have used a little more info at the gate and about getting to my connection I had no idea where it was and that you had to go through a passport line to catch the connection. Came close to missing my connection..." Pros: "Fantastic service staff food and beverages" Cons: "Just slightly hard when laying down on the seat to sleep" Pros: "Took over an hour to check in. There were at least 300 people in line with one person checking economy in." Pros: "Check-in process very efficient. Boarding uneventful. Flight attendants are engaged and present as humans (does it have to do with being well rested?). Blueberry drink was a nice "ethnic" touch." Cons: "Check-in counters opened only 2 hours before departure. These days most European airlines counters are open 6-24 hours in advance. Was not really an issue for this small aircraft and lines moving fast once opened." Pros: "Everything, but especially the calming atmosphere with beautiful Spanish music playing while we were airing to take off." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 KLM7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Finnair7.7 Book cheap flights from Boston to Barcelona Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Boston to Barcelona found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/9Tue nonstopVueling 7h 10mBOS-BCN $167 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopPLAY 20h 50mBOS-BCN $229 Search 1/10Wed 2 stops 23h 35mBOS-BCN $233 Search 1/11Thu nonstopIberia 7h 10mBOS-BCN $310 Search 1/27Sat 1 stopIberia 11h 11mBOS-BCN $419 Search 12/28Thu 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 12h 20mBOS-BCN $433 Search 12/7Thu 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 9h 55mBOS-BCN $450 Search 12/27Wed 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 21h 00mBOS-BCN $538 Search 12/16Sat nonstopLEVEL 7h 10mBOS-BCN $838 Search 12/23Sat nonstopLEVEL 7h 10mBOS-BCN $942 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineVuelingPLAYIberiaTAP AIR PORTUGALAmerican AirlinesLEVEL Search by price$230 or less$310 or less$430 or less$540 or less$940 or less Last minute flights from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Boston to Barcelona that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopPLAY 20h 30mBOS-BCN 12/10Sun multi-stopPLAY 25h 10mBCN-BOS $377 Search 12/5Tue nonstopVueling 7h 10mBOS-BCN 12/9Sat nonstopVueling 8h 55mBCN-BOS $387 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopIberia 11h 20mBOS-BCN 12/12Tue nonstopIberia 8h 55mBCN-BOS $497 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 13h 00mBOS-BCN 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 13h 58mBCN-BOS $508 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopIberia 14h 40mBOS-BCN 12/6Wed multi-stopIberia 11h 15mBCN-BOS $513 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 9h 55mBOS-BCN 12/7Thu multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 11h 25mBCN-BOS $521 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopBritish Airways 14h 34mBOS-BCN 12/9Sat nonstopBritish Airways 8h 55mBCN-BOS $526 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 9h 55mBOS-BCN 12/9Sat multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 23h 00mBCN-BOS $530 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 14h 40mBOS-BCN 12/5Tue nonstopBritish Airways 8h 55mBCN-BOS $598 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 11h 50mBOS-BCN 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 14h 05mBCN-BOS $889 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePLAYVuelingIberiaDeltaTAP AIR PORTUGALBritish Airways Search by price$390 or less$510 or less$520 or less$530 or less$890 or less Boston - Barcelona Flights Departure: Boston (BOS)United States Destination: Barcelona-El Prat (BCN)Spain Return flight deals: Barcelona-El Prat - Boston Cabin classes: First Class flights to Barcelona Business Class flights to Barcelona $983 Prem Econ Class flights to Barcelona $350 Economy Class flights to Barcelona Browse origins: Flights » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $251Flights from Boston to Barcelona-El Prat Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Spain » Barcelona-El Prat $251Flights to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, Barcelona Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Fort Myers Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Barcelona-El Prat flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Barcelona-El Prat from Boston. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Barcelona-El Prat from Boston. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.