Cheap Flights from Boston to Athens from $260 | (BOS - ATH) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW BOS - ATH Find cheap flights from Boston to Athens from $260 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/21. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Athens These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Athens. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Athens. How much is the cheapest flight from Boston to Athens?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Boston to Athens that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:20 pm - 2:45 pmBOS-ATH 13h 25m1 stop 9:00 am - 5:00 pmATH-BOS 15h 00m1 stop $400PLAY Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Sun, Dec 17 6:20 pm - 2:45 pmBOS-ATH 13h 25m1 stop 9:00 am - 5:00 pmATH-BOS 15h 00m1 stop $402PLAY Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Sun, Dec 17 6:20 pm - 2:45 pmBOS-ATH 13h 25m1 stop 9:00 am - 5:00 pmATH-BOS 15h 00m1 stop $407PLAY Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Sun, Dec 17 9:55 pm - 9:30 pmBOS-ATH 16h 35m1 stop 2:40 pm - 8:15 pmATH-BOS 12h 35m1 stop $590SWISS Find Deal Sun, Jan 28 - Fri, Feb 9 7:30 am - 1:30 pmBOS-ATH 23h 00m1 stop 8:05 am - 9:55 pmATH-BOS 20h 50m1 stop $593British Airways Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Tue, Dec 19 2:20 pm - 4:20 pmBOS-ATH 19h 00m2 stops 7:15 am - 6:35 pmATH-BOS 18h 20m1 stop $608Lufthansa Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Sat, Feb 10 12:50 pm - 2:15 pmBOS-ATH 18h 25m2 stops 6:00 am - 12:58 amATH-BOS 25h 58m2 stops $612Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Fri, Feb 2 1:50 pm - 2:15 pmBOS-ATH 17h 25m2 stops 3:15 pm - 2:10 pmATH-BOS 29h 55m1 stop $615Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Fri, Feb 2 9:55 pm - 2:15 pmBOS-ATH 33h 20m2 stops 5:40 pm - 8:15 pmATH-BOS 33h 35m1 stop $624SWISS Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Sat, Feb 10 10:00 pm - 7:00 pmBOS-ATH 14h 00m1 stop 8:05 am - 11:16 pmATH-BOS 21h 11m2 stops $681British Airways Find Deal Wed, Feb 28 - Wed, Mar 13 Show more results Flights from Boston to Athens - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Boston to Athens to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Boston to Athens? The average price of all flights from Boston to Athens clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Athens on a Thursday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Friday is the most expensive day to fly from Boston to Athens. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Wednesday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Boston to Athens? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Boston to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Boston to Athens is November, where tickets cost $807 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,627 and $1,559 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Boston to Athens? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Boston to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Boston to Athens, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 21 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Boston to Athens? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Boston to Athens found on KAYAK was with Vueling for $331. PLAY proposed a round-trip connection from $400 and Scandinavian Airlines from $469. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Boston and Athens? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Boston to Athens take? Flying between Athens and Boston will take minimum 11h 35m and will require at least one stop. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $260 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 24% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 32% increase in price. Flight from Boston to Athens When to book flights from Boston to Athens Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Boston to Athens based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Boston to Athens Are there on-site hotels at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS)? Yes. There are hotels located on the airport grounds in case you need to stay the night before your early morning flight to Athens departs from BOS. The airport is home to two hotels, including the Courtyard Boston Logan Airport and the Renaissance Boston Logan Airport Hotel. These hotels provide complimentary breakfast and cozy rooms. What are some eco-friendly airlines flying between Boston and Athens? Flights from Boston to Athens generate an average of 7,912 lbs of carbon emissions per passenger. But if you fly with British Airways, you can have an environmentally friendly flight. On this route, the airline offers flights with 33% lower CO2 emissions per passenger. Where are the pet-relief stations at Boston Logan International Airport? If you are traveling through BOS with your pet, you will locate pet relief areas after security checkpoints. These pet relief areas are located in Terminals B, C, and E. The pet relief areas are in close proximity to gates B29, C20, and E7. Which nearby cities can I get to from Athens International Airport? From ATH, it takes around 20 minutes to drive to the large port city of Piraeus and about 30 minutes to go to the port town of Rafina. Just about a 40 minutes drive will get you to the seaside communities of Varkiza, Vouliagmeni, and Loutraki, and a 45 minutes drive will get you to the heart of Athens. What are the public transportation options from Boston to Boston Logan Airport? The MBTA Blue Line connects downtown Boston to Logan International Airport. The Logan Express service connects the airport with downtown Boston, Framingham, Woburn, and Braintree. The Silver Line SL1 and SL3, as well as various local buses, are just some of the MBTA options for getting to and from the airport. Are there services for military personnel at Boston Logan International Airport? Yes, BOS does provide services for military personnel. Terminal B is home to a lounge run by the Massachusetts USO that provides a quiet spot for service members and their families to unwind. Snacks, beverages, entertainment, and periodicals are available without cost in this comfortable lounge. The lounge also has a computer and a charging station so that guests can maintain their online presence while they wait. Are nonstop flights from Logan Airport to Eleftherios Venizelos Airport available? Most airlines operating flights to Eleftherios Venizelos Airport from Logan Airport in Boston make at least one layover at either Schiphol Airport (AMS) or Heathrow Airport (LHR). However, some, like Delta Air Lines, make two layovers at Detroit or New York and Amsterdam. Can I leave my vehicle at Logan Airport? Logan Airport has several parking lots and garages where you can leave your vehicle as you travel. One convenient parking lot is the Terminal B garage, which charges around $38 per day. The airport's economy parking lot is a budget-friendly option where you are free to leave your vehicle for $29 per day. Are there facilities for children at Eleftherios Venizelos Airport? There is a safe play area with qualified personnel at the main terminal building designed for kids under age 9. The airport also has fully equipped baby rooms and bathrooms at the terminals where mothers can feed and change their babies. Does Logan Airport have amenities for the disabled? There are several elevators at Logan Airport's terminals equipped with braille for those with mobility challenges and vision impairments, as well as ramps and accessible restrooms. Those with disabilities can get assistance at the gate and medical aids like oxygen, although they must communicate these needs before arrival. Do I need a passport to fly between Boston and Athens? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Athens from Boston. Which airports will I be using when flying from Boston to Athens? Boston and Athens are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Boston from Boston Logan Intl and will be arriving at Athens Eleftherios V.. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Boston to Athens? The Airbus A330-900neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Boston to Athens flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Boston to Athens? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Boston and Athens, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Athens from Boston? Munich is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Boston to Athens. Which is the best airline for flights from Boston to Athens, SWISS or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Boston to Athens are SWISS and Delta. With an average price for the route of $1,355 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,705 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Boston to Athens? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Boston to Athens. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Boston to Athens? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Athens from Boston is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Boston to Athens? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Athens with an airline and back to Boston with another airline. Booking your flights between Boston and ATH can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Boston to Athens? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Athens from Boston up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from BOS to Athens Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $1,056 or less one-way and $1,254 or less round-trip. Delta Airlines is suitable for families taking a trip from Boston to Athens with children. Adults and children alike may relax in Delta's roomy seats. Parents of newborns may take advantage of the airline's pre-boarding and priority boarding services. Delta Air Lines also offers children's meals and in-flight entertainment choices, including kid-friendly programs and games. At Athens International Airport (ATH), you may take a shuttle from the Main Terminal to the Satellite Terminal, or vice versa. Shuttle buses travel between the two terminals free of charge every 10min, taking passengers from the main terminal to the satellite terminal and back again. You also have the option of using the airport train, which takes just two minutes to make the trip between terminals. ATH has a large number of travel agents positioned in the arrivals and departure halls. Travel agencies provide a wide range of services, such as hotel reservations, airline reservations, tour packages, and car rentals. They also provide information on airlines, travel insurance, and trip locations. They make it easier for tourists to get the necessary information and services onsite. Logan Airport (BOS) serves as a hub for Delta Air Lines, which operates flights to Eleftherios Venizelos Airport (ATH) in Athens. Travelers also can fly to Athens with British Airways, Air France, American Airlines, KLM, Azores Airlines, and Spirit Airlines. Travelers can hop on board the cozy and convenient Logan Express bus, which takes approximately 45min to reach Logan Airport from downtown Boston. Starting from around 5:00 am, the Logan express buses leave Boston for the airport ending the trip at terminals A, B, and C and charge around $12. It will take you around 30min to reach the city of Athens if you opt to travel onboard metro line 3. Every 30 minutes, the trains depart from Eleftherios Venizelos Airport and take approximately 50min to arrive at Syntagma Station in the city center. The one-way trip from the airport to the city costs around €10 ($12). There are several cozy lounges at Logan Airport where you can enjoy some quiet time before your flight, like The Club located in Terminal E. You can purchase a lounge pass for The Club for around $40 for 3h. The Lounge in Terminal C is also accessible for around $40 for a maximum of 3h. In case you need baggage assistance upon arrival at Eleftherios Venizelos Airport, you can request the service through the airline. Porters are available to assist those who cannot handle their luggage due to disabilities. Logan airport aims at elevating the travel experience and showcasing Boston city's cultural diversity through art. Exploring the different kinds of art installations like the metal structure in Terminal B, which embodies flight, is an excellent way to pass the time before your flight. In case you prefer skipping public transportation, Eleftherios Venizelos Airport gives travelers the option of exploring Athens city in utmost comfort in a rental car. You can acquire a car from Budget, Sixt or Hertz found at the terminal building's arrivals area. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Boston to Athens See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Boston to Athens. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Boston to Athens? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 EmiratesOverall score based on 15746 reviews 83overall 84crew 80food 83boarding 85entertainment 82comfort Airline reviews Cons: "I am an Emirates skywards member and I was placed in the middle seat when my preference on Emirates and Kayak is an aisle seat. After boarding it was explained to me that I couldn’t move to an aisle seat even though more than one seat was available. I asked to pay or to use miles I have accrued."Read more about Emirates Cons: "I am an Emirates skywards member and I was placed in the middle seat when my preference on Emirates and Kayak is an aisle seat. After boarding it was explained to me that I couldn’t move to an aisle seat even though more than one seat was available. I asked to pay or to use miles I have accrued." Pros: "It was a less old plane than in my JNB-DXB flight, but still old." Cons: "The outdated and unresponsive entertainment interface, the lack of legroom under the seats, and the fact that the already-limited legroom for middle seats must be shared, leading to tensions between passengers." Pros: "Overall good experience, could have been better if we had got seats of our choice." Cons: "If we could have got seats of our choice." Pros: "The crew was great and the dinner was really good!" Cons: "Breakfast could have been better and the seat was pretty uncomfortable" Pros: "The crew was fantastic. The food was good for airline food." Cons: "The seats were narrow and seemed a bit smaller than usual." Pros: "They were very courteous and provided us with a solution with an overweight luggage so that we wouldn’t pay the extra fees. Flight was very smooth on the 777. Best flight ever." Cons: "Nothing negative about this flight." Cons: "The airline’s insistence on keeping a passenger limited to only one carry on bag and then weighing to make sure that each carry on item was only 7 kilos was just plain ridiculous." Pros: "The boarding was efficient." Cons: "There were no vegetarian or vegan food options. The flight was crowded and uncomfortable." Pros: "Helpful staff" Cons: "All power sockets iny row did not work so I asked the crew to plug my phone to charge in business class. My TV screen was loose and my seat was broken and kept reclining in its own. The seat next to me had a broken tray that was falling apart. Overall very disappointed with the quality of the plane with such expensive flights." Cons: "Electronic entertainment is poor and the whole experience rather depressing no matter how hard the crew tries" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Entertainment didn’t work, the crew did nothing to help. The plane was hot and stuffy. My luggage is lost." Pros: "The crew service was very good, as was the food. The only complain is about the entertainment, hope to update the touch screen." Cons: "I asked the Chinese flight attendant in economy to please ask the man in front of me to put his seat up since the captain and purser had already asked us to do so in three languages The man in front of me refused to do so. She said she was going to start at the front of the plane and let him leave his seat back making it difficult to see my tv monitor. I thought that she should’ve said that it was time to put your seat up. It was frustrating that she didn’t support me and the request of the captain. Your seats are very uncomfortable upright when the person in front of you has their seat back." Pros: "On time; smooth boarding process; lights dimmed for a reasonably long time." Cons: "NO legroom on the Zurich to Dusseldorf flight." Pros: "On time arrival" Cons: "Boston -Zurich, the most uncomfortable seat possible. I am 5’2 and I barely fit.... Seats are way more comfortable on European flights." Cons: "The temperature on this overnight flight was sweltering Legroom was poor" Pros: "We were pleasantly surprised at how good the food was! An added bonus was the chocolate they gave us. Crew was professional and courteous." Pros: "The staff upgraded me to business. It was a great wxperience" Pros: "There were good entertainment options though I didn’t use them" Cons: "Our flight was delayed 2.5 hours, during which we had boarded but were told we could not leave our seats even for the bathroom. We were offered a cup of water once during this delay which is inexcusable. (We were also woken up to serve dinner at 1am so that was incredibly inconvenient for an overnight flight) On top of that, I, as well as many others missed our connecting flight. Personally I missed my connection by 20 minutes, which seems a reasonable amount of time to hold a connecting flight with so many people from our flight on that next one. In missing by only 20 minutes, we have lost an entire day of our trip and are spending 9! hours in the airport today. There was no communication between flights clearly. Despite there being an earlier flight we could’ve been placed on after missing our connection - we did not get booked on this flight. I asked why and they just randomly placed people on random flights with no regard for when we showed at the desk. In this scenario, a first come first serve would have alleviated an absolutely awful experience. I will never fly Swiss Air again and will urge people I know to not fly this airline. The experience was extremely frustrating, the best response from an employee was “that’s all I can do for you” and I wish it on no one." Pros: "The planes are clean and relatively comfortable." Cons: "Extremely rigid rules. My flight was the day of the blizzard in Boston, Tues, 3/13. Despite 5 calls to Swiss to reroute me out of Montreal, an airport I could actually get to, they would not relent. I finally just drove there and a really nice agent changed my flight since Logan was closed and all public transport was shut down. Even if my scheduled flight from boston wasn't canceled (I have no idea) they were incredibly unhelpful about the fact that I physically could not get to logan in time for my flight. (Mass DOT was asking everyone to stay off ALL roads). THEN on the way home, they would NOT let me fly back to Montreal where my car was!! WAY TOO RIGID RULES. Screw the customer!" Pros: "The crew was great. The pilots too." Cons: "The audio and video at my seat did not work correctly." Cons: "Nothing, really. Airlines unfortunately can’t make people patient or polite, & I can’t afford a private jet, so I’ll have to settle for an eye roll or twelve." Cons: "During this trip all my flights got delayed and I was told that I could not get a hotel room and had to pay for myself." Pros: "The crew was very friendly. The plane was very quiet (except for noisy crying babies)." Cons: "Unless you can afford the higher priced "comfort class" or first class seats, the seating is very, very cramped on Delta's 757s. It's a good thing the flight was only 5+ hours (but that's not long enough to get any decent amount of sleep on this flight scheduled as a redeye)." Pros: "The only thing I liked about the experience and flight was the Delta Sky Club" Cons: "Everything" Pros: "Seat was hard, not much foot space" Cons: "My wife and Iasked for a snack, it was never delivered" Pros: "Seating was fine" Cons: "Did not have a wheelchair waiting for my wife when we arrived in LAX" Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "An hour and a half late, terrible communication about scheduling" Pros: "nice crew" Cons: "terrible seat comfort, late departure due to airline’s booking problems" Pros: "Early warning about little overhead compartment baggage space. Short flight made shorter in air." Cons: "No enough carry on baggage space" Pros: "Food" Cons: "Plane is old, seats are economy in business class. Dont fly business no need tonpay extra" Pros: "Turkish Airlines offers an experience much better than your average two-hour plane hop in the U.S. There was a full meal served, staff were kind and didn’t try to sell a bunch of extra stuff to you, and there were many choices for in-flight entertainment." Cons: "Unfortunately, the children on the plane were really poorly behaved and loud. In addition, the flight was delayed by 1 full hour and when we arrived in Vienna our luggage (and the luggage of many other passengers) had not been sent with us. We waited in line for luggage for 30 minutes, then another line for at least 30 more minutes to report the missing bag, and we were then told that it wouldn’t arrive for another day and would be delivered to us within a 3 hour window in the middle of the day. This was essentially an entire night and day lost to a mishap that the airline didn’t even notify us of when we landed. Pretty frustrating." Pros: "The crew are very friendly and in general and the flight was very nice" Cons: "Need to have a bigger seats" Cons: "Flight to Istanbul was fine. The flight back was a terrible experience! During our connecting flight in Athens our boarding passes wouldn't print at the self service computers and there was no one to help us so we had to go back out to the front desk. The airline representative was extremely rude. There was 5 employees standing around the computer with NO customers and when we asked if this was Turkish Airlines and if they could help, the woman (manager) responded "this WAS Turkish Airlines" as if they were done helping customers for the day (it was 9AM and our flight was leaving in 45 min). We explained that we couldn't print our passes and she ROLLED her eyes as if it was an inconvenience to help us. THEN on our flight from Istanbul to Chicago, a passenger died an hour into the flight and they placed the body on the seats behind us for over 10 hours! Nobody even told us what happened! We didn't know if they died from natural causes or if it was something else! They didn't offer to seat us somewhere else or even inform us they were placing the body there. We were completely shocked and uncomfortable the whole flight home. We couldn't eat or sleep. We're completely disgusted and scarred from this overall experience." Pros: "Everyone we encountered was friendly and helpful. They fed us and gave us blankets and pillows and slippers. They were lots of movie and tv choices. It was a very pleasant experience." Pros: "Turkish Airlins is so wonderful, and I really appreciate being treated like a human being at IST (unlike Schipol, De Gaulle, other airports to connect at around Europe)." Pros: "Boarding was smooth. Staff friendly. Great selection of movies." Cons: "Dinner was really poor experience. However I guess it is a matter of taste (pun intended)." Pros: "Finally got a vegan sandwich that saved my life after the 13 hour flight before this one!" Pros: "Pleasant, very standard flight, arrived safely." Cons: "Flight time left origin very very late at night, would suggest to leave earlier in the day" Cons: "Crew were rude and everything we asked for was an issue like we didn't exist not sure if they had a problem because we had a baby with us" Well, in my case; the flight was delayed 1 hour, we have to wait in the plane to get green light. And the plane (probably because was a short trip) did not have entertainment or WiFi. No a good experience. Pros: "Very friendly and responsive crew. Announcements from the Capitan and chief of flight attendants are very informative and comforting. Seat positions: very good leg room (even in economy)!" Cons: "Newer airplane, as 747s are kind of outdated now, especially for long distance flights. But overall had good experience with KLM" Pros: "Great atmosphere, crew was excellent!" Cons: "I’m 6’5”, so legroom can always be a complaint, but this wasn’t too bad. The plane appeared to be fairly old and didn’t have WiFi. Entertainment also was on an older screen which was navigated by using an old in-seat phone." Cons: "Seats in economy section are very close together . There is not enough room for knees...especially for such a long trip." Pros: "Reclinable seats." Cons: "The food!! The lights could be dimmed as it was a night flight." Pros: "The crew was amazing, flight on schedule and good entertainment." Cons: "Space is just reasonable on a long flight, even if there's seats more spacious that you could choose if you pay more." Pros: "KLM never disappoints, the cabin crew was extremely kind and helpful!. The food was great, nice leg room in regular economy class, thousands of movies and tv shows...it was great!" Cons: "Well there was a LOT of turbulence but no one can control the weather and shout out to the pilot for giving us such a smooth landing a rough weather!" Pros: "Crew was helpful and food was very good" Cons: "There was no entertainment on the flight from Vancouver to Amsterdam and this on top of a two hour delay in taking off which led us to have to literally run to our gate in Amsterdam to make the connection to Mumbai" Cons: "Lost a single baggage item, a car seat. Critical for us to leave the airport, and delayed us for over an hour upon arrival. Gave us a loaner car seat that barely fit our child." Pros: "Nice aircraft" Cons: "Unexpected refueling stop. 2 hr delay Lost connection Reached destination after 18 hr delay" Emirates8.3 SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Book cheap flights from Boston to Athens Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Boston to Athens found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/21Sun 3 stops 32h 20mBOS-ATH $260 Search 12/10Sun 3 stops 56h 20mBOS-ATH $265 Search 1/21Sun 2 stops 20h 05mBOS-ATH $269 Search 3/22Fri 1 stopPLAY 13h 25mBOS-ATH $520 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopLufthansa 21h 30mBOS-ATH $549 Search 5/5Sun 1 stopAer Lingus 31h 40mBOS-ATH $645 Search 5/19Sun 1 stopAer Lingus 31h 40mBOS-ATH $677 Search 12/18Mon 1 stopPLAY 13h 25mBOS-ATH $845 Search 5/5Sun nonstopDelta 9h 20mBOS-ATH $1,212 Search 5/10Fri nonstopDelta 9h 20mBOS-ATH $1,312 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePLAYLufthansaAer LingusDelta Search by price$270 or less$520 or less$650 or less$850 or less$1,310 or less Last minute flights from Boston to Athens Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Boston to Athens that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stop 19h 55mBOS-ATH 12/5Tue multi-stop 26h 10mATH-BOS $634 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 19h 55mBOS-ATH 12/4Mon multi-stop 19h 20mATH-BOS $686 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 34h 00mBOS-ATH 12/5Tue multi-stop 14h 25mATH-BOS $693 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 20h 05mBOS-ATH 12/5Tue multi-stop 14h 25mATH-BOS $733 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 25h 55mBOS-ATH 12/5Tue multi-stop 26h 10mATH-BOS $796 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 23h 25mBOS-ATH 12/5Tue multi-stop 32h 25mATH-BOS $870 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 23h 20mBOS-ATH 12/4Mon multi-stop 19h 20mATH-BOS $875 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 12h 00mBOS-ATH 12/5Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 30h 55mATH-BOS $1,099 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 18h 55mBOS-ATH 12/5Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 30h 55mATH-BOS $1,117 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopTurkish Airlines 15h 05mBOS-ATH 12/5Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 28h 20mATH-BOS $1,692 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTAP AIR PORTUGALTurkish Airlines Search by price$690 or less$730 or less$870 or less$1,100 or less$1,690 or less Boston - Athens Flights Departure: Boston (BOS)United States Destination: Athens (ATH)Greece Return flight deals: Athens - Boston Cabin classes: First Class flights to Athens Business Class flights to Athens Prem Econ Class flights to Athens $506 Economy Class flights to Athens Browse origins: Flights » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $319Flights from Boston to Athens Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Greece » Athens $319Flights to Athens, Athens Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Fort Myers Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Athens flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Athens from Boston. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Athens from Boston. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.