Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to London Heathrow from C$ 309 | (YYZ - LHR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYZ - LHR Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport from C$ 309 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 10/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to London Heathrow Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to London. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to London. How much is the cheapest flight from Pearson Intl to Heathrow?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pearson Intl to Heathrow that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:00 p.m. - 12:55 p.m.YYZ-LHR 14h 55m1 stop 8:30 p.m. - 2:55 p.m.LHR-YYZ 23h 25m1 stop C$ 370Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Tue, 14 May - Wed, 15 May 7:45 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.YYZ-LHR 18h 45m1 stop 12:15 p.m. - 6:15 p.m.LHR-YYZ 11h 00m1 stop C$ 424Icelandair Find Deal Sat, 2 Mar - Fri, 8 Mar 7:45 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.YYZ-LHR 18h 45m1 stop 12:15 p.m. - 6:15 p.m.LHR-YYZ 11h 00m1 stop C$ 425Icelandair Find Deal Mon, 29 Jan - Fri, 1 Mar 6:25 p.m. - 6:30 a.m.YYZ-LHR 7h 05mdirect 6:00 a.m. - 1:40 p.m.LHR-YYZ 12h 40m1 stop C$ 444Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 6 Mar - Sun, 10 Mar 6:20 p.m. - 6:30 a.m.YYZ-LHR 7h 10mdirect 6:00 a.m. - 9:46 p.m.LHR-YYZ 20h 46m2 stops C$ 465Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 10 Feb - Mon, 12 Feb 8:55 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.YYZ-LHR 35h 05m2 stops 9:00 a.m. - 2:47 p.m.LHR-YYZ 10h 47m1 stop C$ 479Lufthansa Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Mon, 15 Jan 5:35 p.m. - 3:35 p.m.YYZ-LHR 17h 00m1 stop 8:50 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.LHR-YYZ 12h 10m1 stop C$ 526Aer Lingus Find Deal Mon, 8 Jan - Tue, 16 Jan 11:10 p.m. - 11:20 a.m.YYZ-LHR 7h 10mdirect 7:40 a.m. - 3:15 p.m.LHR-YYZ 12h 35m1 stop C$ 537Lufthansa Find Deal Fri, 9 Feb - Wed, 14 Feb 10:10 p.m. - 10:15 a.m.YYZ-LHR 7h 05mdirect 11:45 a.m. - 2:50 p.m.LHR-YYZ 8h 05mdirect C$ 600British Airways Find Deal Fri, 16 Feb - Sun, 25 Feb 5:35 p.m. - 8:05 a.m.YYZ-LHR 9h 30m1 stop 7:50 a.m. - 3:50 p.m.LHR-YYZ 13h 00m1 stop C$ 617Aer Lingus Find Deal Tue, 12 Dec - Mon, 18 Dec Show more results Flights from Pearson Intl to Heathrow - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pearson Intl to Heathrow to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport is January, where tickets cost C$ 889 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and December, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 1,273 and C$ 1,193 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 39 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport found on KAYAK was with WestJet for C$ 403. Scandinavian Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from C$ 502 and Icelandair from C$ 576. Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and London Heathrow Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport. They are Air Canada and British Airways. The cheapest airline for this route is Air Canada, with the best deal found costing C$ 862. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at British Airways. How many flights are there between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and London Heathrow Airport per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 8 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and land in London Heathrow Airport, with an average flight time of 7h 07m. The most common departure time is 6:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 30 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 27% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and London Heathrow Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport take? A direct flight to London Heathrow Airport will take on average 7h 00m to travel the 9,177 km flying distance from Toronto Pearson Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 5:50 pm and will be landing in London Heathrow Airport at 5:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport jets off at 11:10 pm and lands at 11:20 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight C$ 309 Best time to beat the crowds (15% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (25% more expensive on average) Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport When to book flights from Pearson Intl to Heathrow Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pearson Intl to Heathrow based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport flights Are there hotels in Toronto Pearson International Airport for travelers with early morning flights? Several luxury hotels are available for those with early morning flights, like Sheraton Gateway, the Westin, and Four Points by Sheraton. These hotels are close to the airport's terminals with complimentary shuttles to take hotel guests to Toronto Pearson International. Does Toronto Pearson International Airport have a parking lot? There are two parking garages near Terminal 3 and Terminal 1 for those who wish to go for the daily parking option. Hourly parking lots, as well as an express parking lot, are also available. You will have to pay around C$ 25 for the daily parking option. Can I get wheelchair assistance at Heathrow Airport? Those with mobility challenges can get aid from the airport's assistance teams. Wheelchair assistance can be requested before the flight or from the airport's help point located at the terminal building. Which is the fastest means of transport to London’s city centre from Heathrow Airport? Those on a budget should go for the London Underground, but those looking to get to London within quicker should hop on board the Heathrow Express train, which arrives in London within 15min. Which provisions are there at Toronto Pearson International for those travelling with young children? There are nursing rooms at both Terminal 1 and 3. Travellers accompanied by toddlers can make use of the kids'play zones located at lounging area D24. Kids travelling unaccompanied will receive help finding their way to baggage claim from airport staff. Does Toronto Pearson International provide special amenities and aid to passengers dealing with various forms of disabilities? Toronto Pearson Airport has wheelchair-accessible toilets, the Aira app, Blindsquare app, and hearing loops. Upon request, airport staff is also ready to provide wheelchair assistance. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport? Star Alliance, oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Toronto Pearson Airport and London Heathrow Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport? There are direct flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to London, Lufthansa or Aer Lingus? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to London are Lufthansa and Aer Lingus. With an average price for the route of C$ 939 and an overall rating of 7.8, Lufthansa is the most popular choice. Aer Lingus is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 860 and an overall rating of 7.4. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to London Heathrow Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to London Heathrow Airport with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to London Heathrow Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to London Heathrow Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to London Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 712 or less one-way and C$ 1,069 or less round-trip. Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) is home to more than forty airlines and serves as a hub for several airlines, like Air Transat, WestJet, and Air Canada. Most of these airlines fly nonstop to Heathrow International Airport (LHR) in London, although some, like Lufthansa, KLM, and Delta Air Lines, make one layover before proceeding to London. At Heathrow Airport (LHR), London, passengers can relax at some of the fantastic lounges with cozy seats, magazines, snacks, and Wi-Fi. Some, like the Skyteam lounge, have massage chairs and showers to ensure optimum comfort and relaxation. Heathrow Airport has apps like Sign live and Aira, specifically designed to help the blind and those hard of hearing to communicate with airport agents. A train service, the UP Express, rideshare services like Lyft, taxis, the 900 Airport Express buses, and airport limousines are popular public transport options for travellers going to Toronto Pearson International Airport from the city centre. It is possible to fly nonstop from Toronto Pearson Airport to Heathrow Airport with British Airways and Air Canada. Take advantage of the upscale restaurants offering a wide variety of cuisine and duty-free shops and boutiques while on a layover at Heathrow Airport. If you are an art lover, check out the T5 art gallery situated in Terminal 5. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Pearson Intl to London Heathrow? Find which airlines fly direct from Pearson Intl to Heathrow, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Pearson Intl to London Heathrow Search flights Monday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +14 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +15 more 13 14 Tuesday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +15 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +14 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +15 more 13 14 Thursday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +15 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +15 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +14 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +15 more 13 14 Sunday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +15 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +16 more 14 15 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns London Heathrow to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +15 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +14 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +15 more 13 14 Wednesday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +15 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +14 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +15 more 13 14 Friday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +15 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +15 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +16 more 14 15 Sunday Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +14 more Aegean Airlines,Aer Lingus, +15 more 13 14 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to Heathrow See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to London. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to Heathrow? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 86crew 79food 77entertainment 82boarding 78comfort 82overall Airline reviews Missed connecting train since flight was late into Zurich and I had to stay at airport hotel because of it as well as I had to repurchase train ticketRead more about SWISS Missed connecting train since flight was late into Zurich and I had to stay at airport hotel because of it as well as I had to repurchase train ticket Pros: "We flew Business Class. The crew was professional and attentive. The food was definitely a nice cut above." Cons: "Nothing that I can offer. If I needed to make another trip anywhere ANZ flies, they would be my first choice every time." Pros: "The inflight entertainment was great and helped to pass the time. The food was good for airline food." Cons: "The flight staff was just okay - they could have been friendlier. The seat cushions seemed old - they were comfortable enough for sitting but not comfortable to sleep." Pros: "I loved that every seat had a pillow, blanket and head-phones waiting. The movie selection was great, too.The service was excellent. Love having metal utensils, and not plastic." Cons: "No fault of the airline, but when passengers recline their seat backs all the way, it's very difficult for the person behind. Two vegetarians meals were offered - which is ok, but I was unsure if either had sufficient protein; plus the side dishes were all starches." Cons: "My parents needed special assistance for boarding and changing flights in Zürich and SWISS was just phenomenal. Thank you very muc" Pros: "There was too little space between rows. Sometimes it was too difficult to watch a movie because the screen was too close to my face." Pros: "On time, friendly and incredibly efficient. Runs just like trains, just at a higher elevation!" Cons: "For the home of Emmentaler I expected a bit more taste from the cheese sandwich." Pros: "Crew was great. Ice cream was fun. Swiss chocolate was a nice surprise!" Cons: "Short flight with no entertainment, no means to charge devices." Cons: "first baggage should be free.....as people travel with 15-20kg hand luggage" Pros: "Hard working on board crew" Cons: "check in procedure in Berlin: That airport is different. You drive right to the gate from which you board the plane. I showed up early and was told that I had to take by suitcase to another location if I wanted to check in 3 hours early. After lugging the suitcase a quarter of a mile, I was told that they don't do that and I had to return to the designated gate at the appropriate time." Cons: "lastminute.com was completely unhelpful in assisting with any changes to my itinerary. They repeatedly provided me with incorrect information that sent me on a wild goose chase." Pros: "Everything about the United Airlines portion of the trip was terrific: lots of food & drinks; good entertainment system; good seats even in economy. United really stepped up their game." Cons: "The seats on the Austria Airlines portion of the trip were very close together & very minimally structured (little padding, depth etc.)" Pros: "Food was quite good, and they were great about continually offering beverages throughout the flight." Pros: "In flight crew worked hard" Cons: "No lines for boarding - it was a mess And randomly we were asked to check in our bags though Austrian crew had earlier tagged them for carry on" Pros: "Great to be able to check in bags at the CAT railway station in the morning. Cabin crew were excellent- very friendly and helpful and did two drinks services. Austrian’s cabin crew sets them apart on European routes." Pros: "On time, best connection for me, earning miles on my program. I booked based on time and cost, didn't even pay attention to what airline." Cons: "No food, plane felt pretty old and not so clean. Smaller seats than the other flights I had with Lufthansa. Otherwise, it was fine. I had a pretty bad earache on that particular flight, so I liked it less than I might have otherwise. Something didn't feel right, pressure wrong or something." Pros: "Flight on time, and luggage was at destination. Crew OK" Cons: "Food disappointing, dry, and tasteless, my dinner was missing half of what my husband had. Was not worth the effort to complain. Seats left you in pain, no lower back support, and very hard seats." Cons: "They were delayed on every one of my flights - missed connecting flight and had to be booked on a new flight which got in a midnight. Terrible!!" Pros: "I get Airpoints with the flight, crew were lovely." Cons: "Flight was overbooked, so a few delays (as they were asking if anyone would layover to release a seat) and they were being very strict on the one bag per traveller, but that’s fair enough considering it was busy." Pros: "From start to finish there were no hiccups. It was a pleasant journey." Cons: "Boarding was slow but they had increased number of wheelchair clients. Not their fault but was a known so the process could have been started earlier." Pros: "Service was good. Flight attendants were friendly" Cons: "The departure area at terminal 1 YYZ was crowded and not the most comfortable experience" Pros: "The airplane crew were very reassuring" Cons: "Gate was changed 3 times and flight was delayed 2 times too!" Pros: "The airline and the flight were pretty good" Cons: "DONT SHOW BAGAGE INCLUDED ON A BOOKING WHEN ITS ONLY INCLUDED FOR 1 WAY! I HAD TO SHELL OUT 40 EURO TO CHECK MY BAG BECAUSE OF THIS!" Pros: "Very friendly crew, great seats in economy with lots of legroom." Pros: "I liked that we got served a lot of snacks and food :)" Cons: "Nothing honestly! Smooth flight :)" Pros: "The flight was adequate." Cons: "Sandwich was extremely unappetising and there were no hot drinks. The worst thing was that in transiting from the SAA flight to the Lufthansa flight we were obliged to go through security which seems unnecessary. The security staff were awful. Bullying, rude and totally unsympathetic to the fact that having brought water from the first plane to the second plane we had to either drink it or throw it away. One guy in particular, a tall greying man evoked the worst stereotypes of brutal secret policemen. Perhaps he formerly worked for Stasi or he was having testosterone problems. Totally unacceptable behaviour." Pros: "The Lufthansa app provides updates on plane status and gate number, etc." Cons: "N/a" Pros: "The crew was wonderful and this is consistent with my previous experiences with Lufthansa. The salami sandwich provided was actually very good." Cons: "The slimline seats were not very comfortable. I would hesitate to fly Lufthansa's narrow bodies for flights greater than 2 hours." Pros: "The staff were all super helpful and friendly! Pleasure to fly with!" Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good." Pros: "Excellent pre Boarding service and announcements; reasonably comfortable seats; great landing;" Cons: "There are never gluten free options in the snacks; there were no entertainment systems on the plane - that's not important to me but perhaps it is to others." Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable because of the head rest that is attached to the seat. However the staff and crew were friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better seats" Pros: "Newest 787 plane in the fleet. Really comfortable seats and terrific in-flight entertainment" Cons: "One of the crew members seemed really bother by everything. She was not smiling or even looking at customers when handing drinks over." Pros: "Efficient and fast boarding and getting things ready" Cons: "Seating is horrible. Not just the space but the cushion-or lack of" Pros: "Nice plane, comfortable" Cons: "We missed our runway and had to quickly ascend and retry. Disembarking the plane took 40 minutes due to the YYC skywalk being frozen. During this all communication with the passengers was minimal." Pros: "Staff is friendly." Cons: "We didn’t appreciate the walk from Gate 4 to Gate 41 TWICE when the departure gate was changed. We are in our 80’s and it was quite a trek!" Cons: "Missed my flight and i had to buy a new ticket to Saskatoon." Pros: "Downloaded WestJet app in Toronto while waiting to board the next flight. Enjoyed the selection of free movies and TV shows. Flight was on time." Cons: "The connecting flight to Halifax was a long haul at the end of B terminal. Same airline, just really far away! Maybe it has to be that way due to the international arrival, but it was stressful. Wear tennis shoes! Flight attendants were efficient but not as friendly as the Toronto folks. The advertised “power at every seat” did not work." Cons: "Terrible airline, they charge for everything, but don’t give the client good service. I was yelled by a worker because I was having difficulties scanning my bag at the self-scanning-and-uploading-your-luggage that you pay $100 dollars extra Per bag. I don’t like this airline." Cons: "The check in staff at the gate could have been more friendly and paid better attention to customer care. I was standing in front of the counter with a simple Question but had to wait 5 minutes before the two agents got done with their own personal chat and thought about attending to me." Pros: "Nothing, could not even board due to confusion over flights." Cons: "SAS couldn’t even help us when our flight was cancelled." Cons: "Late departure. No roof during queuing for loading and rain..." Cons: "I don’t like how the food on premium economy is packed in a cubic box that is really messy to eat from which the small plastic cutlery. Food quality is good, but feels like being an animal being fed from a bucket." Pros: "SAS handles their business very professionally. Entertainment is great, purchasing seats with extra room is affordable. Reliable service." Cons: "Seats are extremely uncomfortable, especially for an 8+ hour flight." Cons: "Got asked to leave my seat in row 3 for one further back because I couldnt pull up my ticket mid flight to show it was my seat. Their system had me in another row so I missed out on the extra service offered to that row." Pros: "Friendly service. No problem with moving to open seats to stretch out." Cons: "Even though it was an older plane, it was still comfortable." Cons: "This has nothing directly with SAS, but since I experienced it during my flight there, they are responsible of it. I was waiting for the flight at the OSLO airport waiting for the flight to LONDON. I had ample time to work on my computer. In the big room by the gate there was only one spot where I found three electrical sockets hanging from a pillar or post. To my dismay none worked. My plug would fall off from each. To document, I took the pictures of the useless sockets... I complained to the lady at the boarding desk (she left before the SAS staff moved in), she did not even care... This experience frustrated me and turned an otherwise pleasant trip into a bitter one. Please install some working sockets in your waiting room! Flight SK 809 Confirmation: LN9M6O Departure: Oslo & other airports (OSL) Arrival: Heathrow (LHR) Time: Sat Dec 2 2017 3:05 pm CET - Sat Dec 2 2017 4:25 pm GMT Peace, Edip Yuksel +1 520 481 1919" Pros: "This is obviously a very well-run airline. Boarding was efficient, the crew were warm and professional, and the overall feel of the aircraft was very Scandinavian-cool. I was most impressed with the meal service. We were served twice on our 9 hour flight, and both meals were hot, healthy, and the best I’ve had during a flight. The passenger in front of us was having a hard time with her sinuses, and the flight attendant (whose name I wish we had gotten) was very attentive and concerned for the comfort and well-being of the passenger. She insisted on doing anything she could to alleviate the woman’s difficulty. It is clear that the crew care about the passengers’ experience." Cons: "We were unable to sleep at all during our overnight flight and landed pretty exhausted. Our seats were comfortable (complete with a moldable headrest to keep your head from bobbing around) but we felt too upright to fall asleep. The passenger in front of us reclined, but we were concerned about reclining into the already tight space of the passenger behind us. So we weren’t able to sleep, despite trying to get comfortable/somewhat horizontal. It seemed to be a mixed bag of asleep and awake passengers on the flight, so some people were unaffected by this issue." SWISS8.0 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 WestJet7.7 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Book cheap flights from Toronto to London Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to London found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 10/2Sat 2 stops 35h 40mYYZ-LHR C$ 228 Search 5/2Mon 2 stops 35h 40mYYZ-LHR C$ 230 Search 30/1Tue 3 stopsWestJet 33h 30mYYZ-LHR C$ 297 Search 29/1Mon 1 stopWestJet 15h 50mYYZ-LHR C$ 312 Search 9/12Sat 1 stopAer Lingus 9h 35mYYZ-LHR C$ 355 Search 5/12Tue 1 stopAer Lingus 9h 35mYYZ-LHR C$ 361 Search 5/1Fri 1 stopIcelandair 10h 05mYYZ-LHR C$ 391 Search 7/1Sun 1 stopIcelandair 10h 05mYYZ-LHR C$ 392 Search 10/12Sun 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 22h 55mYYZ-LHR C$ 395 Search 19/4Fri 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 23h 05mYYZ-LHR C$ 403 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetAer LingusIcelandairTAP AIR PORTUGAL Search by priceC$ 230 or lessC$ 310 or lessC$ 360 or lessC$ 390 or lessC$ 400 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to Heathrow Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to London that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue multi-stop 18h 50mYYZ-LHR 8/12Fri multi-stop 14h 15mLHR-YYZ C$ 673 Search 4/12Mon multi-stop 18h 50mYYZ-LHR 8/12Fri multi-stop 14h 15mLHR-YYZ C$ 676 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopIcelandair 10h 05mYYZ-LHR 8/12Fri multi-stopIcelandair 11h 00mLHR-YYZ C$ 693 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAer Lingus 11h 50mYYZ-LHR 13/12Wed multi-stopAer Lingus 13h 00mLHR-YYZ C$ 704 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopIcelandair 10h 05mYYZ-LHR 6/12Wed multi-stopIcelandair 11h 00mLHR-YYZ C$ 705 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAer Lingus 9h 35mYYZ-LHR 17/12Sun multi-stopAer Lingus 13h 00mLHR-YYZ C$ 711 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 20h 50mYYZ-LHR 12/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 12h 30mLHR-YYZ C$ 713 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 7h 10mYYZ-LHR 12/12Tue directAir Canada 8h 10mLHR-YYZ C$ 736 Search 5/12Tue directBritish Airways 7h 05mYYZ-LHR 28/4Sun directBritish Airways 7h 45mLHR-YYZ C$ 1,020 Search 4/12Mon directBritish Airways 7h 05mYYZ-LHR 7/12Thu multi-stopBritish Airways 14h 10mLHR-YYZ C$ 1,022 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineIcelandairAer LingusAir CanadaBritish Airways Search by priceC$ 680 or lessC$ 700 or lessC$ 710 or lessC$ 740 or lessC$ 1,020 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - London Heathrow Airport Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Destination: London Heathrow Airport (LHR)United Kingdom Return flight deals: London Heathrow Airport - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to London C$ 3,055 Business Class flights to London C$ 1,857 Prem Econ Class flights to London C$ 886 Economy Class flights to London Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 470Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » United Kingdom » England » London » London Heathrow Airport C$ 470Flights to London Heathrow Airport, London Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search London Heathrow Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to London Heathrow Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to London Heathrow Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.