Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to Miami from $27 | (ORD - MIA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ORD - MIA Find cheap flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami from $27 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/27. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Miami These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Miami. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Miami. How much is the cheapest flight from O'Hare Intl to Miami?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from O'Hare Intl to Miami that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:10 pm - 8:22 pmORD-MIA 3h 12mnonstop 6:20 pm - 8:46 pmMIA-ORD 3h 26mnonstop $66Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Tue, Jan 23 5:20 pm - 9:32 pmORD-MIA 3h 12mnonstop 12:42 pm - 3:10 pmMIA-ORD 3h 28mnonstop $67Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Sat, Jan 27 5:20 pm - 9:32 pmORD-MIA 3h 12mnonstop 6:20 pm - 8:46 pmMIA-ORD 3h 26mnonstop $68Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Tue, Jan 30 5:20 pm - 9:32 pmORD-MIA 3h 12mnonstop 6:20 pm - 8:46 pmMIA-ORD 3h 26mnonstop $69Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Wed, Jan 24 1:11 pm - 5:22 pmORD-MIA 3h 11mnonstop 9:19 pm - 11:45 pmMIA-ORD 3h 26mnonstop $70Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Sat, Feb 3 1:11 pm - 5:22 pmORD-MIA 3h 11mnonstop 9:19 pm - 11:45 pmMIA-ORD 3h 26mnonstop $71Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Sat, Jan 27 1:11 pm - 5:28 pmORD-MIA 3h 17mnonstop 9:43 pm - 7:22 amMIA-ORD 10h 39m1 stop $76 Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Fri, Jan 12 9:38 pm - 9:29 amORD-MIA 10h 51m1 stop 10:26 pm - 7:07 amMIA-ORD 9h 41m1 stop $78Frontier Find Deal Sat, Feb 24 - Mon, Feb 26 9:38 pm - 9:29 amORD-MIA 10h 51m1 stop 10:37 pm - 7:07 amMIA-ORD 9h 30m1 stop $101Frontier Find Deal Sun, Feb 25 - Fri, Mar 1 6:17 pm - 9:29 amORD-MIA 14h 12m1 stop 9:09 pm - 7:22 amMIA-ORD 11h 13m1 stop $127Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Mon, Jan 15 Show more results Flights from O'Hare Intl to Miami - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from O'Hare Intl to Miami to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Miami? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Miami is September, where tickets cost $159 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are March and December, where the average cost of tickets is $313 and $307 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Miami? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Miami, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 26 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $66 on Spirit Airlines, followed by Frontier ($78). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $27 on Spirit Airlines and from $45 on Frontier. Which airlines fly non-stop between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Miami? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Miami. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Miami. They are: American Airlines, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $70 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Miami per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 12 nonstop flights that take off from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and land in Miami, with an average flight time of 3h 11m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 74 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Miami? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami take? The average nonstop flight takes 3h 03m, covering a distance of 1,198 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport at 5:00 am and will be landing in Miami at 9:06 am. What’s the latest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Miami jets off at 8:00 pm and lands at 12:08 am. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $27 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 36% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 45% increase in price. Flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami When to book flights from O'Hare Intl to Miami Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from O'Hare Intl to Miami based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami flights Are pets allowed in Chicago O’Hare International Airport? Yes, pets and service animals can travel through Chicago O’Hare International Airport. The airport has provided six pet relief areas for its furry passengers. You have four outdoor options, one in the multi-modal facility and three at the lower levels of Terminals 1, 2, and 5. The indoor options are in Terminal 3’s Rotunda Area. As with most airports, ORD pet policy requires all dogs to be in their crate while in the airport. What are the transport options from Miami International Airport? Passengers have at least seven transport options from MIA. If you’re staying at a hotel close to the airport, take advantage of their airport shuttle services. Taxis are available outside baggage claim, and the airport is also served by SuperShuttle, which provides bus services to various regions around Miami. You can take the Miami Beach bus, the Metrorail Orange and Green lines, or the bus downtown for public transportation. Car rentals are also an option. What are the most eco-friendly airlines flying from Chicago O’Hare to Miami? On average, about 649 kg of carbon is produced per passenger when flying on this route. American Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines are the three most sustainable options, releasing about 51%, 49%, and 36% less carbon on this flight, respectively. All three airlines also offer nonstop flights, which are more eco-friendly than one- or two-stop flights. Are there any airport hotels at Miami International airport? Yes, if you wish to stay at the airport, you can book your stay at the Miami International Airport Hotel. The airport is located inside the Central Terminal on Concourse E, Level 2. They offer overnight stays and day rooms for those who don’t need to stay overnight. They also have an onsite restaurant where you can grab a meal after your flight. Do I need a passport to fly between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Miami? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami? American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Miami, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami? There are nonstop flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Chicago to Miami, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Chicago to Miami are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $436 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $395 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Miami from Chicago O'Hare Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Miami with an airline and back to Chicago O'Hare Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and MIA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Miami? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Miami from Chicago O'Hare Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ORD to Miami Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $83 or less one-way and $237 or less round-trip. If you wish to take care of some last-minute business before your flight from O'Hare International Airport (ORD), do so at the business center located at the lower arcade level of the Hilton Chicago O’Hare International Airport Hotel, just across Terminals 1, 2, and 3. The easiest way of getting across all four terminals at ORD is by taking the shuttle buses or the ATS people mover (an automated train). These connection services will provide easy access to all terminals, the multi-modal facility, parking, and the Metra O’Hare Transfer station. American Airlines and Delta have lounges at Miami International Airport (MIA) that you can access if you’re a member or pay at the door. Avianca Lounge, VIP Lounge, Centurion Lounge, and Club America are other lounges you can access at MIA. myMIAaccess is an airport initiative at MIA, offering passengers with reduced mobility a platform to access services, amenities, and information as they travel through MIA. ORD is a family-friendly airport, with baby care facilities, a family lounge, and family restrooms provided at the airport. The family lounge is equipped with toys, video games, and climbing structures for the kids, and parents get comfortable seats with charging outlets. If you wish to save some money as you fly from ORD to MIA, consider booking one-stop flights over nonstop flights. One-stop flights are cheaper than their nonstop counterparts since you’re not paying for the convenience of arriving early. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Chicago O'Hare Intl to Miami? Find which airlines fly direct from O'Hare Intl to Miami, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Chicago O'Hare Intl to Miami Search Flights Monday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +15 more 13 14 Tuesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +15 more 13 14 Wednesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +15 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +16 more 14 15 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +15 more 13 14 Friday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +15 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +16 more 14 15 Saturday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +14 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +15 more 13 14 Sunday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +15 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Miami to Chicago O'Hare Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +15 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +16 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +15 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +16 more 14 15 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +17 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +18 more 16 17 Friday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +16 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +17 more 15 16 Saturday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +17 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +18 more 16 17 Sunday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +16 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +17 more 15 16 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to Miami See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Chicago to Miami. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to Miami? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29956 reviews 85crew 75food 78entertainment 81overall 81boarding 78comfort Airline reviews Cons: "Given we left at 7:15 am, I would’ve liked some food options instead of biscuits and peanuts"Read more about Delta Cons: "Given we left at 7:15 am, I would’ve liked some food options instead of biscuits and peanuts" Pros: "Kosher snacks! Thank you. Screens and outlets at every seat. Safe, controlled Covid protocols including de-boarding. Excellent!" Pros: "Delta flight took extra precaution to keep all passengers safe before during and after the flight. They communicate effectively during the flight. I will be flying Delta again and again." Cons: "The trip was great" Pros: "Seat was comfortable, boarding was good" Cons: "WiFi didn’t work, my tv didn’t work either" Cons: "Nothing, really. Airlines unfortunately can’t make people patient or polite, & I can’t afford a private jet, so I’ll have to settle for an eye roll or twelve." Cons: "I would ask that the gate does not share in detail reason for delay in seat assignment is related to getting a family sitting together when the basic rules should apply unilaterally." Pros: "Comfort and service was great." Cons: "The severe delays was frustrating and not getting enough information about it." Pros: "Crew was nice and welcoming" Cons: "Well, if our plane had been leaving on time it would've been superb." Pros: "N/A" Cons: "Chinese Eastern did not try to help and solve my problem." Pros: "Quickly boarded and took off as well. It was a really smooth flight!" Pros: "Nice crew" Cons: "Smallest seats I’ve ever been in. Late departure because they forgot the plane’s security check in-between flights. Drinks served but no snacks." Pros: "Onboarding was easy and smooth. The plane was clean and the seats were comfortable. WiFi easily connected, too. Much better than expected for a budget airline." Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "Nothing. Delayed for 4 hours. No time change updates were ever provided at the airport. No communications provided as to why our flight was delayed. No other options given. No food or drink vouchers given & of course, no discounts provided for future travel. Not that would EVER fly Sun Country again" Cons: "Communication and updates. At the very least, food and drink vouchers. 4 hours is a LONG time to be delayed. Extra points had the airline reimbursed their $40 ONE WAY bag fee regardless whether it’s a carry on or checked luggage." Pros: "The staff in this flight are attentive and offer water and coffee many time during the flight. Way better than the flight I flew to Seattle-with SC." Cons: "It was very cold but it could be just me being cold" Cons: "It was delayed 3 hours due to rain that lasted about 30 minutes" Pros: "I got to change my seat" Cons: "The flight attendants were rude. Our flight was delayed and we were not updated nor given a reason as to why." Pros: "Price was good." Cons: "Coffee was bad. Seated in the very last row although there were many seats open. Flight was delayed three times." Pros: "Well considering I lost my wallet on the way to the airport and was unable to check in. I would have to say I didnt like it" Pros: "Our flight was delayed over 2 hours and there was ZERO notification from the airline - we found out once we were at our original gate. Paid substantial amount to check bags and for seat assignment......after choosing seats when flight was booked online! Crew and flight were fine but will not fly Sun Country again. Too much hidden BS!" Cons: "See above" Pros: "They boarded us quickly" Cons: "Having to wait on the plane 15 minutes until someone could attach the jet bridge" Pros: "The flight was mainly smooth, it was a bit delayed, but made the time up in the air so we got in on time." Cons: "I still don't know how to connect to the Wi-Fi on board. It's odd, I'm a web developer and that's my job." Pros: "Really easy boarding and flight. Great in flight entertainment options." Pros: "Flight attendants were friendly and thoughtful." Cons: "Seating is too tight. Hard to believe that in 2019, major airlines still have seats without any electrical or UBS outlets for charging devices." Pros: "Our neighbor was fun to talk to." Cons: "We didnt make it to Aruba because our flight was delayed for 4 hours so we missed our connecting flight." Cons: "I was apparently "flagged" by British Airways for extra security checks. As I understood it in London, I was randomly selected for this security check. This then apparently meant that I was to be flagged for all subsequent flights. This meant that in Chicago, after going through two other security checks that day (Zurich and London) and completing customs, I had to engage in a full Homeland security check. This involved removing protective covers from my laptop and phone that were hard to get off (not meant to be taken off regularly) and a full body search that I did not have to do in London. After many hours of traveling, this was very a frustrating experience." Pros: "The gate crew very efficient boarding Very quick and efficient takeoff No electronic check of boarding passes Flight attendant somewhat responsive. Our luggage was charge 120 twice in a round trip !!!!" Cons: "On my first flight from SLC to ORD I asked 3 different American Airlines employees if I needed to pay for my carryon before I got on the plane. They all said no. I got on the plane, put my carryon under the seat in front of me and everything was great. I landed in Chicago, got to my gate, went to board and this very rude employee stopped me after I scanned my ticket and told me I couldn’t board with my bag. The EXACT bag I had boarded with in SLC. After harshly grabbing my bag and putting it in the carryon basket to check for size, she wouldn’t let me pass by her into the boarding bridge and told me I was going to have to pay. I tried explaining that I had asked I’m SLC if I needed to check it and they had all said no and that it fit under my seat. She said, “I don’t care what they said in SL, this is what I’m saying here.” And directed me to the front desk where I had to pay $50!! $50 for a carryon backpack that fit under my seat comfortably 20 minutes before!! Without saying a word (cause I didn’t want to yell at the poor girl behind the desk) I paid the $50 and proceeded to enter the bridge but before I passed through, the rude woman said, “have a nice flight ma’am” and scoffed!! An audible scoff. So I’m short, I hate American Airlines and I will do my BEST to not have to fly with them in the future." Cons: "Tecnical problems dellay no good american arlines i dont recomended" Pros: "Hostesses were great. And pilot landed safely" Cons: "Stayed too long on the jet way. No available gate" Pros: "Seats are comfortable. The flight was on time." Cons: "A bigger snack should have been provided on such 3-hour flight." Pros: "Flight attendants were absolutely amazing!!!!! They made the trip very enjoyable!" Cons: "Food!" Pros: "Nothing at all!!! That should really tell you something!" Cons: "The staff were rude, abrasive, ignored several passengers that were trying to get her attention before take off as 2 overhead bins were wide open and full to the brim. She of course was too busy playing on her cell phone in the back of the plane and ignored/silenced the passenger call button. They were so loud when people were sleeping, yelling ‘trash please’ every 5 minutes, we are not stupid, we can see what you are doing and if we have trash, we will give it to you - so please STOP disturbing my peace and let me bloody sleep!!!! I was never offered any food or drink during the entire flight, not even when I was awake - other airline attendants are more observant and come back and ask us when we are awake if we would like anything to eat or drink. So essentially that was 7 hours with nothing after having paid a little over $700 for what was seemingly the WORST transatlantic flight I’ve ever taken. I travel back and forth often, because I’m a dual national, but I will stick to BA or Virgin Atlantic - the planes and service are far superior to this pile of turd that goes by the name of United. There were no charging facilities (power outlet or USB port) and the TVs had such horrendous resolution that you would get a headache from having to squint at the screen." Pros: "The plane was newer at least. And I made a big enough stink when they made me check my bubble-wrapped framed paintings that they actually did get hand carried and made it okay." Cons: "These are the smallest seats I have ever experienced on a domestic airline. I'm 6'-4" and I couldn't fit comfortably on their newer 737. The thing that took the cake was that the cabin crew absolutely refused to let me take one of the 5 empty exit row seats telling me that it wasn't fair to the people who paid more, which absolutely enraged me. So then apparently it's also fair that their seats will fit someone who is 5'-4" comfortably but not someone who is 6'-4"?? So it's fair that I can't afford to pay an extra $100+ for it after my profession got gutted in the recession and I make a fraction now of that I used to make? Making your customers suffer for no good reason is inexcusable. I will not be flying United again. Ever." Cons: "Charge for carry on Middle seat No full can of beverage" Cons: "Basic Economy tickets are a joke. They are no savings for customers just added restrictions and an overall unenjoyable flight experience as you are being surveillanced by every United associate to ensure you pay for a carry on bag. United and Spirit airlines are now one in the same. United hasn’t suddenly introduced lower fares than before, but rather is reducing the benefits that come with the most basic fares." Pros: "Not much." Cons: "Originally, there was an announcement that we would be delayed by 45 minutes because of "air traffic" issues in San Francisco, where we were landing. In spite of this, the captain decided to have passengers board the plane, and try to push our way up the line, so to speak. Well, once we were on the tarmac, the flight crew were told that the plane could not take off, and that we needed to wait there for 45 minutes, without moving, in our seats, with nothing to do. Even though it would still not have been ideal to wait 45 minutes at the gate, at least we could have walked around and could have entertained ourselves." Cons: "I do not like those head rests.. I wish the were detachable." Cons: "Flight was delayed over 6 times and eventually cancelled. We missed a full day of our vacation. Hotel charged us a no-show fee since we couldn't make it on time due to the scheduling of the flights." Pros: "Crew was attentive." Cons: "From Gregory at the check in being rude and anything but welcoming, to seats in first class needing replaced, this was anything BUT a first class trip. This was my second time giving United a chance as I normally fly Delta. I don't think I'll make that mistake again. I understand a late night flight doesn't have a meal service, but snacks of chips and bananas is not my idea of how you should serve Firat Class passengers. I would have a hard time recommending anyone choose United as their airline. Time for an upgrade of not just the seats, but overall customer service." Cons: "Worst customer service of my life. I will NEVER fly United Airlines again." Pros: "The only thing I liked was that Frontier didn't wait until the last minute to tell us the flight was delayed (twice)" Cons: "Everything else. There was no food. The seats did not recline (confirmed by flight attendant), no entertainment, baggage claim took over 45 minutes. The tickets were not that cheap, especially after being nickel-and-dimed for every little thing. But for zero amenities I would hope they would at leas" Pros: "Quick flight." Cons: "The seats don't go back, but you get what you pay for last minute." Cons: "They didn't tell us they stop issuing tickets 45 minutes before departure." Cons: "On flight from Tampa to Chicago nobody charged me for carry on,and on a way back they charged me 60 dollars,so,this is the last time to travel with Frontier" Cons: "No lo vuelvo a usar, el cobro de la maleta es un robo, las demas aerolínea cobran 25 y frontier 40 es demasiado la diferencia y el valor del tk es costoso" Cons: "The flight was cancelled for nor reason. At the front desk suggested me to call. I've been trying to call for weeks, with no luck." Pros: "Everything was awful from check in until I landed. I will make sure to tell everyone I know to never fly frontie." Pros: "It was canceled without any post notice. I will.not use frontier next time." Pros: "The pilot got us to our destination safely. Attendants were friendly. The flight itself was late, no drinks, no tv, seats do not recline." Pros: "Great pricing no delays and quick. Great staff. Early on both times there and back." Cons: "Nothing" Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Chicago to Miami Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Chicago to Miami found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/27Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 12mORD-MIA $27 Search 2/5Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 11mORD-MIA $32 Search 1/10Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 11mORD-MIA $33 Search 1/27Sat 1 stopFrontier 20h 07mORD-MIA $45 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopFrontier 20h 56mORD-MIA $51 Search 2/15Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 31mORD-MIA $110 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopDelta 6h 23mORD-MIA $147 Search 12/19Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 08mORD-MIA $159 Search 3/26Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 11mORD-MIA $168 Search 12/7Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 08mORD-MIA $189 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$50 or less$110 or less$160 or less$190 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to Miami Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Chicago to Miami that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stop 22h 17mORD-MIA 12/12Tue multi-stop 11h 18mMIA-ORD $117 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 3h 16mORD-MIA 12/9Sat multi-stop 10h 43mMIA-ORD $134 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 17mORD-MIA 12/8Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 27mMIA-ORD $135 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 16mORD-MIA 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 27mMIA-ORD $136 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 16mORD-MIA 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 29mMIA-ORD $137 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 20h 56mORD-MIA 12/7Thu multi-stopFrontier 10h 34mMIA-ORD $162 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 20h 56mORD-MIA 12/7Thu multi-stopFrontier 10h 34mMIA-ORD $172 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 31mORD-MIA 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 40mMIA-ORD $276 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 31mORD-MIA 12/3Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 24mMIA-ORD $282 Search 12/5Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 08mORD-MIA 1/4Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 23mMIA-ORD $316 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$130 or less$140 or less$160 or less$280 or less$320 or less Chicago O'Hare Airport - Miami Flights Departure: Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD)United States Destination: Miami (MIA)United States Return flight deals: Miami - Chicago O'Hare Airport Cabin classes: $668 First Class flights to Miami $702 Business Class flights to Miami $412 Prem Econ Class flights to Miami $85 Economy Class flights to Miami Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $64Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Miami Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Miami $66Flights to Miami, Miami Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Miami flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Miami from Chicago O'Hare Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Miami from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.