Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to Los Angeles from $40 | (ORD - LAX) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ORD - LAX Find cheap flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles from $40 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/10. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Los Angeles These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Los Angeles. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Los Angeles. How much is the cheapest flight from O'Hare Intl to Los Angeles?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from O'Hare Intl to Los Angeles that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:25 am - 8:26 pmORD-LAX 13h 01m1 stop 6:05 pm - 6:33 amLAX-ORD 10h 28m1 stop $80Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 9:25 am - 10:28 pmORD-LAX 15h 03m1 stop 4:16 pm - 6:33 amLAX-ORD 12h 17m1 stop $81Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 6:18 pm - 11:48 pmORD-LAX 7h 30m1 stop 10:19 pm - 6:33 amLAX-ORD 6h 14m1 stop $83Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Tue, Jan 9 9:25 am - 2:25 pmORD-LAX 7h 00m1 stop 10:19 pm - 6:30 amLAX-ORD 6h 11m1 stop $88Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 8:00 am - 2:59 pmORD-LAX 8h 59m1 stop 6:00 am - 5:31 pmLAX-ORD 9h 31m1 stop $108 Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Tue, Jan 16 10:55 pm - 1:44 amORD-LAX 4h 49mnonstop 7:13 am - 9:01 pmLAX-ORD 11h 48m2 stops $123 Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Tue, Jan 9 8:00 am - 4:44 pmORD-LAX 10h 44m1 stop 6:00 am - 4:11 pmLAX-ORD 8h 11m1 stop $137Alaska Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Mon, Jan 29 8:00 am - 2:59 pmORD-LAX 8h 59m1 stop 1:55 pm - 11:58 pmLAX-ORD 8h 03m1 stop $152Alaska Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Thu, Feb 15 2:20 pm - 8:44 pmORD-LAX 8h 24m1 stop 12:40 am - 10:39 amLAX-ORD 7h 59m1 stop $224Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Fri, Jan 19 6:25 am - 2:48 pmORD-LAX 10h 23m2 stops 12:40 am - 9:15 amLAX-ORD 6h 35m1 stop $229Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Wed, Jan 10 Show more results Flights from O'Hare Intl to Los Angeles - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from O'Hare Intl to Los Angeles to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Los Angeles? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Los Angeles is January, where tickets cost $198 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $403 and $373 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Los Angeles? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Los Angeles, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 74 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Spirit Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $40. KAYAK users also found Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles round-trip flights on Spirit Airlines from $80 and on Alaska Airlines from $137. Which airlines fly non-stop between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Los Angeles? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Los Angeles. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Los Angeles. They are: American Airlines, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $65 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Los Angeles per day? Each day, there are between 12 and 22 nonstop flights that take off from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and land in Los Angeles, with an average flight time of 4h 35m. The most common departure time is 8:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 111 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Los Angeles? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Los Angeles from Chicago O'Hare Airport is typically 4h 31m. The journey crosses a distance of 1,740 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport at 6:00 am and will be landing in Los Angeles at 8:32 am. What’s the latest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Los Angeles jets off at 10:55 pm and lands at 1:44 am. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $40 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 26% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 26% increase in price. Flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles When to book flights from O'Hare Intl to Los Angeles Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from O'Hare Intl to Los Angeles based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles flights Which hotels are near Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)? Any traveler arriving late at LAX from ORD will find it prudent to spend a night in one of the many hotels that lie next to this airport. Holiday Inn Express Los Angeles - Lax Airport and Hyatt Regency Los Angeles International Airport are some of the known hotels around here that offer courtesy shuttles to and from the airport. How can travelers get to the Disneyland Resort from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)? Disneyland Resort and LAX sit around 33.9 miles apart and the Metro Express Line 460 bus provides the best way to commute between the two destinations, covering the journey in about 2h. For quicker options, rent a car or take a taxi, and get there in about 45min. Are there car rentals from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to downtown Los Angeles? Several car rental agencies have their desks in parking lot C at LAX. There’s a free shuttle service at the arrival terminal building to ferry you to your car rental garage. Still, there are free telephones within the terminal building to call the rental companies. Are there lounges at LAX? Multiple airlines operate several lounges at (LAX) including Qantas International First Class, Lounge Star Alliance Lounge, and United Club Lounge. Specifically, the Star Alliance Lounge sits on the airside in the Tom Bradley International Terminal, past security, and up an escalator. Any traveler can access this lounge at a reduced rate. Are there any public transportation options from LAX airport to Los Angeles? There are various ground transportation options to get you in and out of LAX, including FlyAway buses, the Metro Green Line train, taxicabs, door-to-door shuttle vans, local city buses, and rental cars. A free shuttle bus provides non-stop transportation services from LAX to numerous neighborhoods in Los Angeles. If you want to get to the city quickly, opt for a taxicab or a rental car—it will take you about 30min with moderate highway traffic. Can I fly direct from O’Hare International (ORD) to LAX? Luckily, United and American are two major airlines that offer non-stop O’Hare Airport to LAX flight deals to travelers working on a tight schedule. Additionally, the two airlines and other major airlines, such as Spirit, Frontier, Delta, and Alaska, offer cheap flight deals with one layover at Denver International Airport (DEN), George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH) in Houston, or Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) in Broward County, Florida. Are there parking options at O’Hare Airport (ORD)? O’Hare Airport (ORD) provides over 200 parking slots across all terminals. Parking charges range from hourly, daily, long-term economic parking to valet services. There are various signs on the roadways that direct you to each of these parking lots as you approach the airport. Are there any special services for the disabled at O’Hare Airport (ORD)? If you are disabled or traveling with a disabled passenger, be sure to contact and notify your airline in advance. All the terminals are designed to accommodate people with special needs. For instance, the CTA Blue Line train that connects the city center and the airport has an elevator that links it to the airport; there are hook-ups for operator-assisted Teletypewriters (TTY) available for travelers 24/7; around 250 parking facilities have accessible parking spaces for persons with disabilities, and guide dogs are allowed inside the terminals as long as they are on a leash. Do I need a passport to fly between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Los Angeles? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles? American Airlines, Delta, Alaska Airlines, and Air Canada offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles? The Boeing 757-300 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Los Angeles, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles? There are nonstop flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Chicago to Los Angeles, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Chicago to Los Angeles are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $442 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $376 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Los Angeles from Chicago O'Hare Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Los Angeles with an airline and back to Chicago O'Hare Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and LAX can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Los Angeles from Chicago O'Hare Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ORD to Los Angeles Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $129 or less one-way and $238 or less round-trip. Fly aboard United Airlines from Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) to explore its hub at the Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). Passengers on this carrier will arrive at Termina 7 at LAX. Also, the airport runs the United Club in Terminal 7, near gate 71A. Priority access to the lounge is restricted to members and holders of registered cards. Still, you’ll enjoy priority clearance under the fast lane program. Suppose you have an early morning departure from Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) to LAX, plan and spend a night in one of various hotels near this facility. Usually, such hotels offer courtesy shuttles to and from the airport, thus enabling you to be at the terminal just before your departure. Among the recommended hotels around this place include Chicago Marriott Suites O'Hare and Hampton Inn & Suites Rosemont Chicago O'Hare. American Airlines permits travelers to bring pets in the cabin from ORD to LAX. However, remember to check with the airline in case there are any updates concerning their pet policy. Cats, rabbits and dogs are some of the four-legged friends that you can travel with along this route. Also, bring vaccination and health certificates. If you’re looking to recharge your wallet before leaving Chicago for Los Angeles, you’ll find several ATMs conveniently located at this establishment. You can locate them on the upper levels of Concourse B in T1, the upper level of T2 and T3. For the religious souls who are keen to say a prayer before their voyage from ORD to LAX, remember that there’s a prayer room at your disposal at this facility. The airport’s chapel sits on the Mezzanine level of Terminal 2, above the Delta Air Lines ticket counters, adjacent to USO. When flying to Los Angles from Chicago, there are a number of airports you can use. They include Chicago O’Hare International Airport (ORD), Chicago Dupage County Airport (DPA), Chicago Midway Airport (MDW), and more. Among them, O’Hare International Airport (ORD), located about 14 miles from the loop, is the region’s primary airport, which happens to be in the top ten world’s busiest flight hubs. Located west of Los Angeles, LAX is approximately 18 miles from downtown LA and is open to the public round the clock. There are several eateries within O’Hare Airport (ORD) where you can grab a bite and or quench your thirst before your flight. Some of the on-site O’Hare standouts include Beaudevin, Billy Goat Tavern, and Berghoff café. If you are exhausted and need to rest at LAX, there is a great carpeted floor and comfortable couches and chairs for travelers across all terminals. However, if you want a little more comfort, you can access some of the airport’s best lounges, such as the American Airlines Admirals Club located in Terminal 4, Oneworld Business Lounge located along 1 World Way, Alaska Lounge in Terminal 6, and others. You can purchase a day pass, subscribe to an annual membership, or make your payments at the lounge door. Are you traveling from O’Hare Airport (ORD) with your family? Transportation Security Administration has developed several tips to make security screening easier and quicker for parents with children. Besides, there are several changing stations for children in most restrooms across the terminals in the airport. Nursing mothers also have a great private room specially designated for them across all terminals (from Terminal 1 to Terminal 5 and at the Multi-Modal Facilities on the north and south side), equipped with a sink and a wash area. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Chicago O'Hare Intl to Los Angeles? Find which airlines fly direct from O'Hare Intl to Los Angeles, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Chicago O'Hare Intl to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +23 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +24 more 22 23 Tuesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +23 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +24 more 22 23 Wednesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +24 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +25 more 23 24 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +23 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +24 more 22 23 Friday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +25 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +26 more 24 25 Saturday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +24 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +25 more 23 24 Sunday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +24 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +25 more 23 24 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Los Angeles to Chicago O'Hare Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +22 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +23 more 21 22 Tuesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +23 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +24 more 22 23 Wednesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +24 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +25 more 23 24 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +23 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +24 more 22 23 Friday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +25 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +26 more 24 25 Saturday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +24 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +25 more 23 24 Sunday ANA, Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +24 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +25 more 23 24 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to Los Angeles See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Chicago to Los Angeles. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to Los Angeles? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 87boarding 78food 84comfort 86overall 90crew 80entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "The crew, the service on the plane and boarding was great. Even the captain kept us informed of the reason for the delay." Cons: "When booking flights, I expect to arrive within a 15 minute cushion. But this flights was 2.5 hours late to arrive to the destination." Pros: "The crew, the service on the plane and boarding was great. Even the captain kept us informed of the reason for the delay." Cons: "When booking flights, I expect to arrive within a 15 minute cushion. But this flights was 2.5 hours late to arrive to the destination." Pros: "Average" Cons: "Been on time (both flights were late) and offered a competitive direct flight." Cons: "Plane was a little older. But the staff was terrific" Pros: "It’s Southwest. Meaning lost cost, no frills, but more importantly no extra fees. They will get you where you need to go." Pros: "Onboard Wifi was cheap" Cons: "Really dislike the Southwest boarding method with no seat assignment." Cons: "Annoying fellow passengers playing music without headphones and waking me up by touching me wktj their belongings and hair" Pros: "The crew was attentive." Cons: "No phone chargers on the plane. WiFi was not available for that particular flight. We sat on the plane at the gate for almost an hour before the plane started moving and the crew said the delays were due to “paperwork”" Pros: "I thought the crew was very nice and the flight was smooth" Cons: "It was the last flight of the night and the crew was very loud. I just wanted to sleep but the crew wanted to talk." Cons: "the original flight was cancelled. the replacement flight was delayed. then we sat on the runway with no updates for almost 40 minutes. and we landed a half hour after the predicted landing time of 115p with no announcements to keep us updated. the woman next to me was stressing because of a connect" Pros: "Crew was good, boarding went fine. Service was also good" Cons: "The seats were clean and new-ish but it would have been nice if the headrests could have come up. It was snowing and we got out OK" Pros: "Timing of the flight was always good. Efficient flying. Crew was super helpful too even when passengers were a bit too much." Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger." Pros: "The ticketing, boarding and crew were amazing. Flight was excellent, we left on time and arrived early." Cons: "Unfortunately, this is the second time I've had a bag damaged. I bought a hard shell suitcase just this morning. One flight and the corners were all banged in. Super disappointed in the way they handle bags and glad I brought a carry on for my valuables" Cons: "Great flight and their service was great. Looking forward to my next flight with them." Cons: "My flight was cancelled and instead of getting a cancellation notice, I received a “your flight has been updated” email which indicated that my flight was changed from Wednesday to Friday. Unacceptable!!!" Cons: "I really wish you guys told me that in permium seating that the snacks you guys offer had nuts. You guys up sold me by telling me how much I'm going to enjoy the free drinks and snacks on the phone. So I said screw these people seemed nice and not pushy. Very upset that this wasn't giving to me." Pros: "I dont like there service." Cons: "Alaska airlines did not provide assistance and I requested to assist to re check in my baggage. I did not receive any assistance to the airlines staff. This is horrible service and not happy to the alaska airlines." Cons: "Delayed. Flue season folks. If your sick just don’t travel!" Cons: "Paid for and reserved a premium seat 6 weeks before flight but got reassigned to a non-premium seat upon check-in. I had to call customer care for a refund of the premium upgrade. No more live TV unlike the old Virgin America." Pros: "Being in the service industry I completely understand how important customer service is! Alaskan airlines have asked their staff to use the customers name as much as possible. It was great to see that when I was borning my name was used. This was not an ordinary monotone thank you that every single person gets. The “ Have a nice flight and Thank you for flying with us”, was cheerful and upbeat and I was greeted with a smile. During my flight the customers names were used as they were asking to take orders as well as passing out food as though you were known person to them. I am not a regular flyer, I did not use my credit card, the fact that they used my name means Alaskan has a trick to the trade that others don’t.. I am not a regular flyer, I did not use my credit card, my flight attendants knew my name. What an amazing experience." Cons: "Delaying a flight by 2 hours for crew issues is ridiculous and even more do not alerting me to the change before I was at the airport. Terrible" Pros: "Crew was nice and welcoming" Cons: "Well, if our plane had been leaving on time it would've been superb." Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "N/A" Cons: "Chinese Eastern did not try to help and solve my problem." Pros: "- great customer service - friendly staff - Positive energy" Cons: "- No room in the seats - No food served on plane - Crowded -" Pros: "Delta is professional and safe. The best fares ever." Cons: "Lack of food/snack choices. Seem like a shortage on ice." Pros: "I, as a tall man, was allowed to move into an exit row with no additional charge. The flights were not full." Pros: "Delta personel were wonderful and helpful both flights" Cons: "Flights were continually changed both on route to Cancun and on the way back" Pros: "I loved that I was able to get home! The crew was nice." Cons: "It was very very warm in the plane. The entertainment unit was lacking." Pros: "The service was amazing , the staff was honestly friendly and nice" Pros: "The seats are not comfortable at all. The tickets that we bought promised a USB port and there were none. And oddly enough, everything around me was very sticky. The seat, the seat in front of me, the window.. it was an overall uncomfortable flight" Cons: "At least one USB port per seat would’ve been nice. The WiFi was so slow that I couldn’t even send an email. And maybe the seats could’ve been wiped down a bit." Cons: "Didn’t enjoy the flight at all. Seats were uncomfortable, staff looked somewhat unkept and were gossiping loudly in the back during the flight. Snacks were not provided, only one drink for the entire flight. I will not be using Sun Country again." Cons: "Cramped seating, limited overhead bin space, mediocre experience. Next time I’ll spend the extra money and fly Delta." Pros: "On-line entertainment was ok. It would have been better if they could notify you more clearly in advance about how to download the information you need and to let you know that earphones are not provided." Cons: "Seats were uncomfortable. Flight attendants were not particularly service oriented. For example, when I asked for a glass of water the flight attendant sighed and then got it. So, the result was fine but the manner was not friendly." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Everything ! Internet wasn’t working and the charging port didn’t work" Pros: "Flight was on-time." Cons: "Check in crew were robotic, lacked enthusiasm. Is management competent? Are they leading, or directing? There is a difference, and one is more effective than the other. If morale is low, if employee satisfaction is low on what is visible to the passengers; then I wonder about what passengers don't see: maintenance crews, safety, quality assurance. I heard lots of grumblings from other passengers about bag policy. Provide first class service to your employees, and they will provide first-class service to your customers." Pros: "The crew was friendly. It was a direct flight. We arrived on time." Cons: "You charge fees to pick a seat! You charge fees to bring a bag! I already paid for the flight! How greedy can you get?" Pros: "The crew was really nice" Cons: "The flight was very bumpy and the landing was horrible." Pros: "The crew on the ground and sky were amazing. Everyone i talked to was kind and understanding while dealing with a difficult situation." Cons: "Ultimately, sun country could of communicated better all around. Was not informed that the flight was delayed until I checked into airport/ even though we were told that the airline knew that the plane was late “all day.” Arrived for a 3:50 flight and did not take off till after 9. Furthermore, there was limited communication regarding when we would actually take off. Checking-in I was informed boarding would start at “6:40” and then we did not board until 830-9." Pros: "Excellent customer service" Cons: "Being given new seats even though we had to pay extra to get them in the first place. Being charged for luggage when the website wasn’t clear about this matter." Horrible scam. Make you pay extra for more leg room then switch your seat as you’re boarding to a regular seat. Never fly American! Pros: "Punctuality, professionalism, and overall excellent customer service. Every personal i spoke with was very helpful and pleasant." Cons: "There are too many good flight times with extensive layovers not enough non stop flights at reasonable times" Pros: "The crew was fine, friendly enough, although I was incredibly disappointed that they didn't force people to wear their masks as they boarded. They also didn't enforce masks over noses--rendering masks useless." Cons: "The flight was completely full. And people weren't wearing masks as they boarded, and the flight attendants did nothing about that. Also, there was no distancing IN the airport during boarding. It's NOT DIFFICULT to put tape marks on the ground to ensure physical distancing. It is THEIR responsibility to make sure the process is safe, since half of the people seem to not care about distancing (or mask wearing). I'm incredibly disappointed and I will be flying Southwest for the time being: I hear they're better at enforcing distancing." Cons: "Baggage delivery was slow and then split between 2 different terminals" Pros: "The crew was fantastic and plane was clean" Cons: "My entertainment video player had a bad earphone jack so i could not watch movies or tv and resorted to paying for wifi" Cons: "One of the best flight attendant service I’ve observed in my 30+ years of flying." Pros: "Flight arrived a little earlier than expected" Cons: "Mishandling of luggage my bag did not arrive at the same time I did had to get it send to my home. Still waiting on my luggage." Pros: "I really enjoyed kicking back and watching —- **EXCUSE ME EVERYONE ........ JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW.......... WE’RE GOING TO BE LANDING IN A COUPLE OF HOURS IN BEAUTIFUL..... SUNNY.... LOS ANGELES.... WHERE THE TEMPERATURE IS A PERFECT..... 72 DEGREES..... FAHERENHEIT** —-a couple of movies." Cons: "*ding We Are GoingToBeLanding In Two Hours. *ding* I noticed there were a number of anno — *JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW.... THAT WE MAY EXPERIENCE SOME TURBULENCE.... BUT WE SHOULD BE LANDING A LITTLE EARLY..... IN ABOUT AN HOUR AND 45 MINUTES... YOU SHOULD REACH YOUR DESTINATION.... IN BEAUTIFUL... SUNNY... LOS ANGELES...* —uncements in the middle of watching a movie. And it seem — *ding* Some TurbulenceMayOccur PleaseFascenSeatBelts. FlightAndCrew PleasePrepareForLanding in OneHour and FortyFive Minutes *ding* —ed difficult to relax and pay attention to that movie. It sorta seemed like the pilot wanted us to — *ALRIGHT EVERYONE WE’RE EXPERIENCING SOME TURBULENCE HERE.... JUST WANTED TO LET YOU ALL KNOW.... TO FASCEN YOUR SEATBELTS..... AND PLEASE REMAIN SEATED* —pay attending to him instead of the movie or whatever other people were doing." Pros: "Flight on time" Cons: "Service, crammed like sardines (I can't image how terrible it must be if you are tall and big), not even enough space for computer bag to fit under seat in front of me" Pros: "Flight departed on time" Cons: "Personal from AA we're so rude when I asked about my seat change, AA didn't let me change seat but they charge for it on 2 credit cards" Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Chicago to Los Angeles Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Chicago to Los Angeles found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/10Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 6h 20mORD-LAX $40 Search 2/7Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 6h 20mORD-LAX $41 Search 12/7Thu 1 stopAlaska Airlines 8h 45mORD-LAX $69 Search 2/13Tue 1 stopAlaska Airlines 9h 09mORD-LAX $70 Search 12/20Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 32mORD-LAX $174 Search 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 34mORD-LAX $189 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopDelta 7h 05mORD-LAX $199 Search 1/1Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 4h 40mORD-LAX $227 Search 12/7Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 4h 35mORD-LAX $234 Search 3/23Sat 1 stopDelta 7h 29mORD-LAX $270 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAlaska AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$70 or less$190 or less$230 or less$270 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to Los Angeles Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Chicago to Los Angeles that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 48mORD-LAX 12/13Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 35mLAX-ORD $113 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 49mORD-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 35mLAX-ORD $122 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 06mORD-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 35mLAX-ORD $133 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 4h 48mORD-LAX 12/11Mon multi-stop 8h 15mLAX-ORD $143 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 48mORD-LAX 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 10mLAX-ORD $144 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 28h 38mORD-LAX 12/11Mon multi-stop 7h 00mLAX-ORD $150 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 49mORD-LAX 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 18h 00mLAX-ORD $158 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 18h 59mORD-LAX 12/10Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 8h 15mLAX-ORD $256 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 8h 45mORD-LAX 12/2Sat multi-stopAlaska Airlines 23h 38mLAX-ORD $376 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 8h 45mORD-LAX 12/3Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 28h 38mLAX-ORD $381 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$120 or less$140 or less$150 or less$260 or less$380 or less Chicago O'Hare Airport - Los Angeles Flights Departure: Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD)United States Destination: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Los Angeles - Chicago O'Hare Airport Cabin classes: $598 First Class flights to Los Angeles $918 Business Class flights to Los Angeles $582 Prem Econ Class flights to Los Angeles $114 Economy Class flights to Los Angeles Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $80Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Los Angeles Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » Los Angeles $80Flights to Los Angeles, Los Angeles Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Los Angeles flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Los Angeles from Chicago O'Hare Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Los Angeles from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.