Cheap Flights to Las Vegas from $27 in 2023/24 - KAYAK Find flights Deals When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAS Find cheap flights to Las Vegas from $27 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results for flights to Las Vegas ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results for flights to Las Vegas How much is the cheapest flight to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:36 pm - 1:00 amLAX-LAS 1h 24mnonstop 9:01 pm - 10:28 pmLAS-LAX 1h 27mnonstop $31Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Tue, Dec 19 8:46 am - 10:29 amSFO-LAS 1h 43mnonstop 1:45 pm - 3:32 pmLAS-SFO 1h 47mnonstop $33Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 9 11:36 pm - 1:00 amLAX-LAS 1h 24mnonstop 10:21 pm - 11:48 pmLAS-LAX 1h 27mnonstop $33Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Tue, Dec 19 7:03 pm - 8:19 pmLAX-LAS 1h 16mnonstop 1:56 pm - 3:16 pmLAS-LAX 1h 20mnonstop $37Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Thu, Feb 1 5:08 pm - 6:49 pmSFO-LAS 1h 41mnonstop 8:15 am - 9:59 amLAS-SFO 1h 44mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Fri, Jan 26 9:10 pm - 10:28 pmLAX-LAS 1h 18mnonstop 6:00 am - 7:18 amLAS-LAX 1h 18mnonstop $123Delta Find Deal Fri, Dec 22 - Mon, Dec 25 8:10 pm - 10:43 pmSEA-LAS 2h 33mnonstop 1:18 pm - 4:11 pmLAS-SEA 2h 53mnonstop $139Delta Find Deal Tue, Dec 26 - Fri, Jan 5 9:30 am - 10:49 amLAX-LAS 1h 19mnonstop 8:00 am - 9:13 amLAS-LAX 1h 13mnonstop $149American Airlines Find Deal Fri, May 17 - Sat, May 18 1:05 pm - 6:30 pmONT-LAS 5h 25m1 stop 6:32 am - 11:56 amLAS-ONT 5h 24m1 stop $157American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 2 - Sun, Feb 4 4:10 pm - 6:19 pmORD-LAS 4h 09mnonstop 12:58 am - 9:34 amLAS-ORD 6h 36m1 stop $228United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Fri, Feb 16 Show more results Good to know Low season January High season March Cheapest flight $27 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 23% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 12% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Las Vegas When to book flights to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. The information is for flights to Las Vegas based on your location. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. Average price per month To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each departure date. Flight prices as travel date approaches To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. FAQs - booking Las Vegas flights Is there public transportation from Harry Reid Airport (LAS) to The Strip? Yes, there are bus routes: Route 108, Route 109, and Centennial Express (CX) that all stop at the airport's Ground Level Zero at Terminal 1. CX also services Terminal 3. You can access the airport by going to the South Strip Transit Terminal (SSTT) and riding Route 109, which is only a short 10-15 minute trip from the bus stop. These buses operate connections from the Harry Reid Airport terminal to Las Vegas Blvd. The buses take just under half an hour to reach the popular areas of the city, and travelers can expect to pay approximately $6. Additionally, it is possible to take a taxi from the airport, which takes about 19 minutes and costs around $20. How to get from Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) to the Las Vegas Strip? There are multiple transportation options to travel from Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) to the Las Vegas Strip. These include taxis, rideshare services like Uber and Lyft, hotel shuttles, public buses operated by the Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada (RTC), and private shuttles and limousines. Most major hotels in the area offer hotel shuttles to help their guests get from the airport to their lodgings. Which Las Vegas airport is closest to the Las Vegas strip? It takes about 12 minutes by car to travel from Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) to the Las Vegas Strip. The driving distance between the airport and the Strip is approximately 4 miles. Are there direct flights to Harry Reid Airport (LAS) from major U.S. hubs? Yes, you can find nonstop flights to Harry Reid Airport (LAS) from various major airports throughout the United States. Some examples include Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), San Francisco International Airport (SFO), Denver International Airport (DEN), Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD), Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport (DFW), Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport (ATL), John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK), Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA), Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX), and Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH). There are additional cities with direct flights to Las Vegas as well. It's recommended to check with airlines or travel websites for the latest information on routes and schedules. What type of amenities can you find at LAS Airport for business travelers? For business travelers heading to Las Vegas, Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) offers amenities specifically designed to cater to their needs. These amenities include business lounges equipped with Wi-Fi, power outlets, and refreshments, conference rooms with audiovisual facilities, workstations featuring charging capabilities, free Wi-Fi coverage throughout the terminals, mobile charging stations, a FedEx Office providing printing and shipping services, and a diverse selection of dining and shopping options. These amenities are typically located within airport lounges, such as The Centurion Lounge in Terminal 1 Concourse D and the Productivity Zone in The Club lounges in Terminals 1 and 3. Are there any accessibility services available for passengers arriving in Las Vegas? If you make the necessary arrangements in advance, passengers with reduced mobility traveling to Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) can benefit from special assistance upon their arrival. These services include wheelchair assistance, accessible restrooms, TTY/TDD phones, visual paging monitors, and service animal relief areas. Do Las Vegas airports have play areas for children? Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) offers a free kids' play area in the airport. The play area is unsupervised and offers an interactive mini control tower and mock jet engine. The North Las Vegas Airport and the Henderson Executive Airport do not offer play areas for children. Are there good malls near the Harry Reid International Airport (LAS)? There are several malls located near the Harry Reid International Airport (LAS). Las Vegas South Premium Outlets is located less than 4 miles from the airport. It includes 145 higher-end outlet stores as well as several restaurants and ample parking. The LINQ Promenade is also located less than 4 miles from Harry Reid International Airport (LAS). It offers shops, restaurants, bars, and a High Roller Ferris Wheel. Are there good restaurants in the Harry Reid International Airport (LAS)? There is a variety of restaurants at Harry Reid International Airport (LAS), including La Tapenade Mediterranean Cafe and Moe's Southwest Grill. Fast food options include Burger King, Jamba Juice, Shake Shack, and Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen. How long is the flight to Las Vegas? Flights from Portland 2h 23m Flights from San Francisco 1h 46m Flights from Los Angeles 1h 21m Flights from Newark 5h 17m Flights from Seattle 2h 47m What is the cheapest flight to Las Vegas? The cheapest airline ticket to Las Vegas from the United States in the last 72 hours was $27 one-way, and $31 round-trip on the route from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. The most popular route is from San Francisco to Las Vegas and the cheapest ticket found on this route in the last 72 hours was $33 round-trip. Which airlines fly to Las Vegas? American Airlines, Air Canada, and Air France usually have the most frequent connections from United States to Las Vegas. How far is Las Vegas from central Las Vegas? The distance between Las Vegas and downtown Las Vegas is 6 miles. What is the name of Las Vegas’s airport? All flights to Las Vegas land at Las Vegas. The airport code is LAS,and it can also be referred to as Harry Reid Intl, Las Vegas Mccarran, McCarran, or McCarran Intl. How much is a flight to Las Vegas? On average, a flight to Las Vegas costs $162. The cheapest price found on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks cost $17 and departed from Burbank Bob Hope Airport. What is the cheapest day to fly to Las Vegas? Based on KAYAK data, the cheapest day to fly to Las Vegas is Monday. On the other hand, the most expensive day to fly is Wednesday. What is the cheapest month to fly to Las Vegas? The cheapest month for flights to Las Vegas is January. On the other hand, the most expensive months are January and November. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Las Vegas Looking for cheap airfare to Las Vegas? 25% of our users found tickets to Las Vegas for the following prices or less: From Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl $40 one-way - $58 round-trip, from San Diego $57 one-way - $61 round-trip, from Chicago O'Hare Intl $96 one-way - $135 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be January, November and December. The cheapest month to fly from United States is January. Enter your preferred departure airport and travel dates into the search form above to unlock the latest Las Vegas flight deals. When it comes to finding cheap flights to Las Vegas, you'll most likely fly into the main arrival airport for commercial airlines, Harry Reid International Airport (LAS). This airport features slot machines, which are available to passengers over the age of 21. When looking to book your flight to Las Vegas, keep in mind that Harry Reid Airport (LAS) is the hub and operating base for Allegiant Airlines. This means there are often more flight options and routes available with this company. It is also a base for Frontier Airlines, Southwest Airlines, and Spirit Airlines. If you're traveling with your four-legged friend, fear not, as Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) is equipped with pet relief areas. The airport has a total of seven pet relief areas, located in Terminals 1 and 3. Three are inside and post-security, while four are outside and pre-security. Most major US airports offer flights to Las Vegas. Arriving at one of the three major airports will place you in the heart of Las Vegas, granting easy access to everything the city has to offer. Las Vegas boasts a variety of AAA five-diamond hotels and resorts, which can be conveniently reached by shuttle from the airports. Flying into Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) will put you only five miles south of the heart of Sin City where you can enjoy gambling, restaurants, and shows. McCarran is the primary commercial airport serving the Las Vegas major metropolitan area. The airport has two passenger terminals and four runways. Amenities include slot machines, free Wi-Fi, an aviation museum, and a free kids' play area. The North Las Vegas Airport (VGT) is located 3 miles northwest of the downtown business district and historic center of Las Vegas, and it sits 10 miles away from the Las Vegas Strip. This airport holds the distinction of being the second busiest airport in Las Vegas. It serves as the primary airport for general aviation and scenic tours, attracting many helicopter operators as well. Henderson Executive Airport (HND) is situated 11 miles south of the central business district of Las Vegas. This airport primarily serves business and corporate clients who have booked flights to Las Vegas. As the primary reliever airport for Harry Reid International Airport (LAS), Henderson Executive Airport (HND) offers a variety of amenities that business travelers will appreciate. These include special meeting rooms and catering services for on-site meetings. For business travelers, Henderson Executive Airport (HND) offers catered in air dining options. Those interested can choose from four different catering services. Each offers a variety of choices for enjoyable in-flight meals and beverages. Upon your arrival at Harry Reid International Airport (LAS), keep your eyes out for views of the city and the famous Strip before landing. Generally, if you sit on the right-hand side of the plane, you can spot The Strip from your window and enjoy a skyline view of Sin City. For those who wish to blow off some steam or relax after their flight to Las Vegas, Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) offers amenities of interest, including a fitness and wellness center in Terminal 1. At ZEROlevel Fitness & Wellness, they offer exclusive access to the fitness center at Harry Reid International Airport. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures United States to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +65 more ANA, Advanced Air, +66 more 64 65 Tuesday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +63 more ANA, Advanced Air, +64 more 62 63 Wednesday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +64 more ANA, Advanced Air, +65 more 63 64 Thursday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +67 more ANA, Advanced Air, +68 more 66 67 Friday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +67 more ANA, Advanced Air, +68 more 66 67 Saturday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +63 more ANA, Advanced Air, +64 more 62 63 Sunday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +67 more ANA, Advanced Air, +68 more 66 67 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to United States Search Flights Monday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +65 more ANA, Advanced Air, +66 more 64 65 Tuesday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +63 more ANA, Advanced Air, +64 more 62 63 Wednesday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +64 more ANA, Advanced Air, +65 more 63 64 Thursday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +67 more ANA, Advanced Air, +68 more 66 67 Friday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +67 more ANA, Advanced Air, +68 more 66 67 Saturday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +63 more ANA, Advanced Air, +64 more 62 63 Sunday ANA, Advanced Air, Aer Lingus, +67 more ANA, Advanced Air, +68 more 66 67 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines flying to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline from the United States to Las Vegas. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 Ravn AlaskaOverall score based on 55 reviews 82comfort 81food 90crew 75entertainment 87boarding 87overall Airline reviews High winds with a lot of turbulence, but expected with winds. Otherwise it was fast and excellent!!Read more about Ravn Alaska High winds with a lot of turbulence, but expected with winds. Otherwise it was fast and excellent!! Expect many people do not have masks on or have the nose is hanging ride over the top of them Pros: "I always love flying Alaska Airlines. Great crew, service, comfortable flights." Cons: "These flights are always cold. Not sure anything can be done but dress warm if you are flying to outlying areas in Alaska" Pros: "Crew. Light hearted and didn’t take herself too seriously." Pros: "Have to fly first class to get a meal. That’s a bit excessive." Cons: "For a first class seat it didn’t recline very well. Had to mash the hell out of button and force back a bit. Not exactly a first class flight. Entertainment hand held had dead battery. Still not exactly first class." Pros: "The in-flight cookie was awesome! Megan was a fantastic flight attendant!" Cons: "Flight was an hour behind schedule...but that sometimes happens when you fly!" Cons: "It's a twenty minute puddle jumper. The seat belt seemed to be missing about half of it... Not sure what was going on there, never saw a short seat belt like that before. Flight seemed late, almost missed the connection with Alaska Air to Honolulu. Had to go through TSA again, walked up to the gate and was last one on the aircraft. They had just called my name at Alaska air." Pros: "Flight attendants were amazing." Cons: "I carried on my electric guitar and a hard shell case and it was problematic because it did not fit in the overhead bin nor was there a closet that it could be stowed in. This was an issue for me as I like to keep track of it personally because some of my instruments are very expensive." Pros: "we were on three different planes and our luggage was waiting for us at the final destination.Plane had good leg room but lacked shoulder room." Pros: "boarding was exactly on time and take off was just on time and flight was shorter than anticipated." Cons: "We had screaming children around us for 3+ hours. Made for a miserable flight." Pros: "Not much" Cons: "Circulation of fresh air in cabin and a quicker takeoff. Too crowded." Pros: "Southwest offers a lot of info at their gates in Dallas." Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "There was a 30 minute delay on second leg of my trip but it was no problem getting to Scaramento early" Cons: "In-flight entertainment was essentially nonexistent. WiFi connection kept cutting out. The seats were extremely narrow and uncomfortable." Cons: "My 2 flights had less than 1 hour in between. The St Louis flight was delayed 20 mins initially then while waiting on board while carry-on bag checking delayed us further. My layover was down to 20 mins. Once we arrived to Vegas, the sky bridge wasn’t ready, my next flight was done boarding." Pros: "Pretty good legroom but this flight is otherwise bare bones. You don't even get a cup of water. Staff were rude. We were delayed three hours. No compensation was given for anyone missing their events or connecting flights. My large medical assist dog was shoved under the seat. Never again. Expensive" Cons: "Everything could have been better. I'll never fly with spirit again." Pros: "Crew was amazing and pilot was friendly to passengers and took time to greet and talk to some of the passengers." Cons: "Flight was delayed 3.25 hours. But no explanation from staff at the gates plus gates being moved from one to the other. In our case about 3 times and one of the gates doen't even exist. Had to cancel plans for nice Mother's Day dinner with my family since we're already tired sitting in the airport." Cons: "The were off on their passenger count and it took over 1 hour and multiple attempts to get it right with multiple stops and starts. Even the crew and pilots were flabbergasted. Completely unacceptable." Cons: "Our flight was delayed 3 hrs, made me miss planned events during a very short weekend trip. It cut our trip in half..super bummed." Pros: "The crew were very professional and friendly. The comfort of the seating was great as well." Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport" Pros: "Good crew, did a good job making us feel good for a delayed late night flight." Cons: "For some reason air was never turned on. Air only seemed to flow once we were moving but sitting at the gate and once back on the ground taxing it got very hot again." Pros: "Very quick boarding. Plenty of overhead space. Most likely because flight was not full." Pros: "Comfortable seats and smooth red-eye transcontinental flight." Cons: "If there weren't a 15-minute delay due to maintenance." Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Cons: "I was not notified that my card was declined and this caused a ton of delays" Pros: "No hassle and easy boarding." Cons: "More room and limit on size of luggage in the overhead compartment." Pros: "The two member of the crew were very welcoming and kept a very good sense of professionalism along with adjustments to every passenger. I can consider myself a frequent flyer and it’s relieving to have a crew like that." Cons: "I would appreciate a quicker and just a little bit more organized check in and maybe some different snacks that will make an airline stand out." My flight was delayed, not by much.?very good communication during fest and waiting to board. Communication with airline electronically was difficult. No number seemed available to talk to customer service. What could have been better is if Discover credit card would be able to purchase food Crew was inconsistent in instructions in advising passengers about seat backs during take off. Perfunctory announcements except from cabin. The experience with Breeze was really great. The app makes managing flights easy. You can check in on there 24 hours in advance, and your boarding pass is there, too. The flight crew and the staff at both our airports were wonderful. Snacks and drinks were reasonably priced. The seats were very comfortable, they even had adjustable headrests on every seat. The only downside is not having entertainment or Wi-Fi available onboard. The price is amazing. I was worried about how the flight would be as I never flew then. Seats were very comfortable. We had lots of legroom. The Akron airport was really nice. Overall it didn't have the stress we usually experience with flying. Highly recommend Flight delayed and moved to another gate. Got a text message updating the gate as final boarding finished. Missed flight, fighting for my refund Prior to boarding we were told the flight was still on time up until about 20 minutes after the scheduled departure time. Details on the new departure time and gate were not provided to us in a timely fashion and we were lead to board a flight to Pittsburgh only to realized upon scanning my boarding pass that it was the wrong flight when signage at the gate said Providence. However, once on board the plane was comfortable and staff courteous and nice. Perfect. Even got a screwdriver in Pitt to fix my sons luggage. Awesome airline. Outside of a 30min delay getting back home; this an excellent airline and will definitely use again. Cons: "Two very sick people were allowed to fly and were not denied boarding during these times of Covid19. We actually had to taxi back to terminal to remove a very sick passenger. JetBlue #100 March 17, 2020 10:12 pm from Los Angeles to Fort Lauderdale." Cons: "Despite the delay of almost 3 hours (which we were informed much earlier than getting to the airport at) the plane was 40% empty so can’t complain at the end of the day" Pros: "Seat was comfy and the leg room makes a difference." Pros: "Crew was courteous and gave constant updates in regards to any delays." Cons: "Flight was delayed and there was congestion prior to take off. Not sure there was anything that could’ve been done." Cons: "Flight was 3 1/2 hours delayed. In-flight entertainment system didn’t function. They didn’t perform a beverage/snack service. Very poor overall. Disappointing." Pros: "The crew was ok." Cons: "We wait too much, at least someone should have told the reasons for the waiting." Pros: "Crew was nice and decent on board experience" Cons: "5 hour delay messed up entire travel plans. Missed my connection have to sleep at airport." Pros: "It was my first experience & I couldn’t had enjoyed it more ! Words can’t explain" Cons: "Nothing everything was great" Cons: "Two hour delay between boarding and then sitting on the runway." Pros: "Mint. It's great. Very confirmable" Cons: "Slow taxi process after landing at LAS. Took 30+ minutes to get to gate" Ravn Alaska8.4 Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 Breeze Airways8.2 JetBlue8.1 Book Cheap Las Vegas Plane Tickets Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best deals for one-way flights to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/6Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 09mLAX-LAS $27 Search 12/15Fri nonstopFrontier 1h 18mONT-LAS $27 Search 12/20Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 23mLAX-LAS $28 Search 1/8Mon nonstopFrontier 1h 41mSFO-LAS $28 Search 12/8Fri nonstopDelta 1h 15mLAX-LAS $50 Search 12/22Fri nonstopDelta 1h 18mLAX-LAS $74 Search 3/25Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 11mLAX-LAS $75 Search 12/15Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 06mLAX-LAS $79 Search 12/23Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 17mLAX-LAS $84 Search 12/28Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 17mLAX-LAS $124 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$70 or less$80 or less$120 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 12/15Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 24mLAX-LAS 12/19Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 27mLAS-LAX $31 Search 1/9Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 43mSFO-LAS 1/9Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 47mLAS-SFO $33 Search 12/15Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 24mLAX-LAS 12/19Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 27mLAS-LAX $33 Search 1/27Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 16mLAX-LAS 2/1Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 20mLAS-LAX $37 Search 1/23Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 41mSFO-LAS 1/26Fri nonstopFrontier 1h 44mLAS-SFO $38 Search 12/22Fri nonstopDelta 1h 18mLAX-LAS 12/25Mon nonstopDelta 1h 18mLAS-LAX $123 Search 12/26Tue nonstopDelta 2h 33mSEA-LAS 1/5Fri nonstopDelta 2h 53mLAS-SEA $139 Search 5/17Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 19mLAX-LAS 5/18Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 13mLAS-LAX $149 Search 2/2Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 25mONT-LAS 2/4Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 24mLAS-ONT $157 Search 2/13Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 4h 09mORD-LAS 2/16Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 36mLAS-ORD $228 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$40 or less$120 or less$150 or less$230 or less Last minute flights to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 20mLAX-LAS 12/8Fri multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 43mLAS-LAX $58 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 1h 08mONT-LAS 12/26Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 10mLAS-ONT $58 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 14mLAX-LAS 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 25mLAS-LAX $62 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 1h 08mONT-LAS 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 1h 10mLAS-ONT $63 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 1h 19mLAX-LAS 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 1h 22mLAS-LAX $123 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 1h 19mLAX-LAS 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 1h 18mLAS-LAX $124 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 19mLAX-LAS 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 28mLAS-LAX $157 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 19mLAX-LAS 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 28mLAS-LAX $158 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 46mSEA-LAS 12/15Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 07mLAS-SEA $331 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 39mSFO-LAS 12/7Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 39mLAS-SFO $348 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$60 or less$60 or less$120 or less$160 or less$350 or less Flights to Las Vegas Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - United States Cabin classes: $216 First Class flights to Las Vegas $219 Business Class flights to Las Vegas $103 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas $35 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » United States $150Flights from Alabama to Las Vegas $325Flights from Alaska to Las Vegas $39Flights from Arizona to Las Vegas $132Flights from Arkansas to Las Vegas $33Flights from California to Las Vegas $33Flights from Colorado to Las Vegas $154Flights from Connecticut to Las Vegas $127Flights from District of Columbia to Las Vegas $68Flights from Florida to Las Vegas $75Flights from Georgia to Las Vegas $240Flights from Hawaii to Las Vegas $40Flights from Idaho to Las Vegas $83Flights from Illinois to Las Vegas $77Flights from Indiana to Las Vegas $88Flights from Iowa to Las Vegas $97Flights from Kansas to Las Vegas $76Flights from Kentucky to Las Vegas $104Flights from Louisiana to Las Vegas $253Flights from Maine to Las Vegas $82Flights from Maryland to Las Vegas $118Flights from Massachusetts to Las Vegas $82Flights from Michigan to Las Vegas $69Flights from Minnesota to Las Vegas $164Flights from Mississippi to Las Vegas $83Flights from Missouri to Las Vegas $81Flights from Montana to Las Vegas $83Flights from Nebraska to Las Vegas $38Flights from Nevada to Las Vegas $118Flights from New Hampshire to Las Vegas $96Flights from New Jersey to Las Vegas $38Flights from New Mexico to Las Vegas $99Flights from New York State to Las Vegas $81Flights from North Carolina to Las Vegas $131Flights from North Dakota to Las Vegas $78Flights from Ohio to Las Vegas $75Flights from Oklahoma to Las Vegas $35Flights from Oregon to Las Vegas $96Flights from Pennsylvania to Las Vegas Flights from Philadelphia to Las Vegas $224Flights from Rhode Island to Las Vegas $81Flights from South Carolina to Las Vegas $97Flights from South Dakota to Las Vegas $75Flights from Tennessee to Las Vegas $67Flights from Texas to Las Vegas $39Flights from Utah to Las Vegas $257Flights from Vermont to Las Vegas $136Flights from Virginia to Las Vegas $34Flights from Washington to Las Vegas $269Flights from West Virginia to Las Vegas Flights from Wilmington, Delaware to Las Vegas $102Flights from Wisconsin to Las Vegas $33Flights from Wyoming to Las Vegas View more Popular routes The most searched flights to Las Vegas by KAYAK users. $39Los Angeles to Las Vegas (LAX - LAS) $45San Francisco to Las Vegas (SFO - LAS) $38Seattle to Las Vegas (SEA - LAS) $178Newark Liberty Airport to Las Vegas (EWR - LAS) $39Portland to Las Vegas (PDX - LAS) $53Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas (DFW - LAS) $38Denver to Las Vegas (DEN - LAS) $194New York John F Kennedy Airport to Las Vegas (JFK - LAS) $45Sacramento to Las Vegas (SMF - LAS) $96Chicago O'Hare Airport to Las Vegas (ORD - LAS) $37San Diego to Las Vegas (SAN - LAS) $39Oakland to Las Vegas (OAK - LAS) $61Houston George Bush Airport to Las Vegas (IAH - LAS) $143Boston to Las Vegas (BOS - LAS) $90Atlanta to Las Vegas (ATL - LAS) View more Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $33Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Airlines $144American Airlines to Las Vegas $17Spirit Airlines to Las Vegas $39Frontier to Las Vegas Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from anywhere in United States. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Las Vegas from anywhere in United States. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.