Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda from $338 | (LAX - HND) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - HND Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda from $338 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/7. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Tokyo Haneda These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Tokyo. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Tokyo. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Haneda?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to Haneda that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:55 pm - 5:05 amLAX-HND 12h 10mnonstop 8:25 pm - 1:20 pmHND-LAX 9h 55mnonstop $657American Airlines Find Deal Mon, Feb 19 - Mon, Mar 4 6:50 am - 3:20 pmLAX-HND 15h 30m1 stop 5:20 pm - 10:50 amHND-LAX 10h 30mnonstop $672Delta Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Sat, Mar 9 7:55 pm - 3:20 pmLAX-HND 26h 25m1 stop 4:50 pm - 1:10 pmHND-LAX 13h 20m1 stop $677Delta Find Deal Fri, Mar 1 - Wed, Mar 6 1:15 pm - 10:20 pmLAX-HND 16h 05m1 stop 4:25 pm - 9:15 amHND-LAX 9h 50mnonstop $706Japan Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Wed, Feb 7 11:35 am - 4:30 pmLAX-HND 11h 55mnonstop 7:40 pm - 12:35 pmHND-LAX 9h 55mnonstop $707United Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Thu, Feb 1 11:35 am - 4:30 pmLAX-HND 11h 55mnonstop 7:40 pm - 12:35 pmHND-LAX 9h 55mnonstop $710United Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Sat, Jan 27 11:35 am - 4:30 pmLAX-HND 11h 55mnonstop 12:50 am - 5:50 pmHND-LAX 10h 00mnonstop $716ANA Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Thu, Jan 18 11:35 am - 4:30 pmLAX-HND 11h 55mnonstop 7:40 pm - 12:35 pmHND-LAX 9h 55mnonstop $719Lufthansa Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Wed, Jan 24 1:10 pm - 10:20 pmLAX-HND 16h 10m1 stop 4:25 pm - 9:10 amHND-LAX 9h 45mnonstop $736Japan Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Tue, Dec 19 4:15 pm - 2:50 pmLAX-HND 29h 35m1 stop 7:40 pm - 12:35 pmHND-LAX 9h 55mnonstop $757ANA Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Wed, Jan 10 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to Haneda - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to Haneda to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda Airport is February, where tickets cost $786 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,341 and $1,197 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda Airport, you should book around 0 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 80 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Tokyo Haneda from Los Angeles were found on American Airlines ($338) and Delta ($347), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on American Airlines ($657) and Delta ($672). Which airlines fly most frequently between Los Angeles and Tokyo Haneda? American Airlines connects Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda with up to 3 flights per day. Japan Airlines also offers 3 flights per day, while United Airlines follows with 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and Tokyo Haneda Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda Airport. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda Airport. They are: ANA, American Airlines, Delta, Japan Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with American Airlines at $286 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Delta. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and Tokyo Haneda Airport per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 11 nonstop flights that take off from Los Angeles and land in Tokyo Haneda Airport, with an average flight time of 12h 15m. The most common departure time is 9:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 76 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 14% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and Tokyo Haneda Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda take? The average nonstop flight takes 11h 40m, covering a distance of 5,472 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 12:05 am and will be landing in Tokyo Haneda Airport at 5:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda Airport jets off at 11:40 pm and lands at 5:05 am. Good to know Low season January High season March Cheapest flight $338 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 18% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 1% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda When to book flights from Los Angeles to Haneda Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to Haneda based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda flights What are some fun locations I can check out while at HND? HND is home to several fun attractions. They include the Discovery Museum, situated near Gate 3F in Terminal 2, and Tokyo Pop Town, located on the airport’s Landside, near Gate 5F. At the former, you’ll enjoy art exhibitions, while at the latter, you’ll be able to relax as you observe different flights landing and taking off from the airport. Where can I eat at LAX? While waiting for your flight to HAN at LAX, you can enjoy classic pizzas, salads, and pasta are the top-tier WPizza and The Kitchen by Wolfgang Puck at Terminal 6. In the airport’s Tom Bradley International Terminal, you can sample quality Mexican dishes at the Border Grill, while in Terminal 4, you can order a beef burger at 8 Oz Burger Bar. Can I shop at HND? If you’d like to shop for some essential items, you can do so at HND, as this airport boasts convenience stores in Terminal 1, near Gates B1-F2 and Gates B1-F9, and in the International Plaza, near the entrance plaza. As this airport also boasts duty-free boutique stores, you can purchase souvenirs before proceeding to your preferred destination. Is there another Los Angeles airport offering flights to HND other than LAX? Other than LAX, you can board your flight to HND at Ontario International Airport (ONT). Although it offers limited flights to HAN, if you choose to travel with a flight that departs from this airport, you’ll have an easier time boarding your flight, as this airport has shorter queues than LAX. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and Tokyo Haneda? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Los Angeles and on arrival in Tokyo Haneda. Which airports will I be using when flying from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda? Los Angeles and Tokyo Haneda are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Los Angeles from Los Angeles and will be arriving at Tokyo Haneda. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda? American Airlines, Japan Airlines, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda? The Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and Tokyo Haneda, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda? There are nonstop flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo, Japan Airlines or ANA? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo are Japan Airlines and ANA. With an average price for the route of $1,022 and an overall rating of 8.7, Japan Airlines is the most popular choice. ANA is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,086 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Tokyo Haneda from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Tokyo Haneda with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and HND can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Tokyo Haneda from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to Tokyo Haneda Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $462 or less one-way and $931 or less round-trip. On the day you’re scheduled to fly from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to Tokyo Haneda Airport (HND), you should reach the airport at least 2h before your flight is set to depart. Reaching the airport this early will help you avoid missing your flight, as you’ll have enough time to complete all the TSA screenings at the airport way before your flight departs. If you’d like to park your car at LAX for the duration of your trip, you should consider doing so at one of the airport’s off-site parking locations, as these locations are cheaper than the airport’s on-site parking garages. If you park at one of the airport’s off-site parking garages, you need not worry about struggling to reach LAX, as they all offer shuttle services to the airport. In case you have a Platinum, Corporate, Business, Delta SkyMiles Reserve, or Centurion American Express Card, you can use your card to gain access to the remarkable Centurion Lounge while waiting for your flight at LAX. Located in Terminal B, on the left after security, this superb lounge features a buffet serving premium food, a full-service bar, a refreshment station, and personal workspaces. Before leaving HND, you should convert your American dollars to Japanese Yen to enable you to transact easily while in the city. At this airport, you can receive currency exchange services in Terminal 1 and Terminal 2. You can also receive the services in the airport’s International Terminal, which houses seven currency exchange offices. If you’re traveling with your baby, HND is home to numerous nursing stations where you can breastfeed him/her. In the airport’s International Terminal, there are approximately nine nursing rooms you can use. On the other hand, Terminal 1 has six, while Terminal 2 has seven. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to Haneda, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda Search Flights Monday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Tuesday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Wednesday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Thursday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Friday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Saturday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Sunday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Tokyo Haneda to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Tuesday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Wednesday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Thursday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Friday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Saturday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 Sunday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +6 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +7 more 5 6 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to Haneda See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to Tokyo. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Haneda? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4663 reviews 90crew 84food 88overall 85entertainment 86comfort 89boarding Airline reviews Pros: "The seat was comfortable, the food was delicious and the aircraft was clean." Cons: "Boarding was awful. The staff definitely need better training at adapting with the Covid 19 situation. Especially, when it comes to unexpected occurrences regarding test certificates and sudden new regulations. Not everything is always black and white and not everyone has the same capacity to afford rebooking flights or re-testing. Treatment of foreigners in general at the LAX airport, on my flight at least, were unprofessional and inconsiderate. I generally like flying with Japan Airlines but after what I have seen and experienced personally I’m not so sure it is still one of my number one airlines to fly with anymore."Read more about Japan Airlines Pros: "The seat was comfortable, the food was delicious and the aircraft was clean." Cons: "Boarding was awful. The staff definitely need better training at adapting with the Covid 19 situation. Especially, when it comes to unexpected occurrences regarding test certificates and sudden new regulations. Not everything is always black and white and not everyone has the same capacity to afford rebooking flights or re-testing. Treatment of foreigners in general at the LAX airport, on my flight at least, were unprofessional and inconsiderate. I generally like flying with Japan Airlines but after what I have seen and experienced personally I’m not so sure it is still one of my number one airlines to fly with anymore." Pros: "The experience was really good. I’ll be using JAL again." Cons: "Keep doing a good job." Pros: "The coach seats were larger than seats for domestic flights. The windows were dimmable for optimal lighting." Cons: "The armrests did not go up all the way, which made it difficult to maximize comfort with my travel partner." Pros: "Spacious leg room." Cons: "The food is average. Could be much better. Eg, serve eggs like omelette for Breakfast. Only one choice . The other choice could be Jap menu vi differing it’s s Japanese airline. Flew JAL 2 yrs ago too. Food was not good. Also , toilets could be cleaner. There’s always a pungent smell." Pros: "Food was great" Cons: "It’s 14h flight. I wanted more water. I had to keep asking but the size was too small... I didn’t want orange or apple juice...." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Everything. I will fly out from Narita from this point forward." Pros: "The window shades were so cool. Seat was small but fairly comfortable and I like the foot rest." Cons: "No vegetarian options on the main meal menu" Pros: "The flight attendants were very attentive and polite, seats are some of the most comfortable of any airline I've flown (particularly compared to the US domestics), entertainment is solid (although the English movie selection was not that large), and we were regularly offered food and drink if we were awake. I would definitely recommend JAL to others." Cons: "The food was not to my liking (i.e., all Japanese style, but not necessarily types that appeal more to Westerners) but it was palatable." Pros: "Crew members on board were very attentive and offered the best service in the most polite manner. Food was great. Great options and portion for lunch. Well respected brand for ice cream was served as dessert. A wide variety of overnight snack was provided for passenger's own selection. Breakfast was great with variety of food on the tray. Personal screen was modern and provided a great variety to keep me entertain during the very long flight. Seats are unexpectedly big and very comfortable together with functional well designed pockets beside the screen, where I could put my personal items. New and clean cabin." Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "I liked everything with JAL. Seats are comfortable, good food, excellent service." Online check-in wasn't available. Boarding was smooth. Entertainment control panel froze during flight and wifi was never available for purchase. The food was very mediocre and the plane was filthy even in the business class seat with lots of different people's hair on the floor and generally visibly dirty in the nooks around the seat! Business class seats are also tiny. United Business class is very low quality compared to ANA or Emirates Business which are far better. Cons: "The crew of ANA was incredible. I think it is my best flying experience to Asia" Pros: "Some of your reservations staff in Los Angeles needs to be counseled" Cons: "Been more polite especially mike in your mileage program." Pros: "Excellent service from the cabin crew." Cons: "The Japanese (Washoku) breakfast was not as good as I expected." Pros: "Meal, crew" Cons: "1. inside temperature was so cold -especially at the 3rd route from la to tokyo -. 2. Economy seats are not declined, which means less pereonal space. 3. The worst is in-flight entertainment system, UI is so poorly developed, most contents do not provide english subtitles." Pros: "They were very helpful in changing my seat to an aisle seat. The first meal was rather mediocre. The second one was good. The seats were spacious and comfortable and I did not feel claustrophobic." Cons: "They were very helpful in changing my seat to an aisle seat. The first meal was rather mediocre. The second one was good. The seats were spacious and comfortable and I did not feel claustrophobic." Pros: "I liked the midnight flight out of LAX; got to sleep at a normal time and arrived in Japan in the morning ready to go" Cons: "Not much" Cons: "My seat was horrible. I'm sure it was like that for everyone in economy. The seat can't recline putting me in an awkward position for the entire flight. It was a red-eye so I didn't sleep much. Maybe it was the airplane since I flew with ANA last year but with the 787. The difference is almost night and day." Pros: "Premium economy is the way to go! Comfy seats with plenty of room; preflight lounge access." Cons: "Unfortunately, premium economy is the only way to go, because economy class seats are very cramped and "locked" in the upright position (for a 10+ hour flight), and it's a bit pricey." Pros: "Everything about this airline made my flight pleasant. The staff were polite and accommodating" Pros: "Everything from crew to food was great. For a 14 hour flight its helpful to have good service." Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "The seat smells like it was not clean. They did not serve snack between lunch and dinner. You need to get it at their station. We were really thirsty and a bit hungry..." Pros: "Crew was the best part. They were very friendly and helpful." Cons: "Very limited English movie selections for such a long flight. Could not turn Chinese subtitles off for some. Very distracting. Seats in economy (according to online comparisons) are some of the best in the industry but I felt extremely cramped and uncomfortable for the entire flight. Long haul flights should not have seats this small. Also, for health reasons, all seats should have foot rests. It shouldn't be about money, people can die from sitting like that for so long. Also, the food that I could eat was good, but there should be a no fish option. You have a lot of diet types available to choose from but none guarantee no fish. The process for requesting a special meal online was not clear and confusing." Pros: "Our flight from LA to Tapei was outstanding. We were served 2 full meals and both meals exceeded my expectations in terms of quality. The entertainment options were decent, there were several TV shows with recent episodes available to watch as well as a good sized library of movies including some new releases." Cons: "The only thing I would ask for is more than 4 episodes of each TV show. Overall our flight was great." Pros: "I like the food and entertainment. But they should served drinks more often as possible rather than waiting for the customer to ask for it." Pros: "2 free meals, attendants were very nice and ready to serve, free wine and multiple coffee and tea and drink calls. Also the flight was cheaper than most, which credits all the previous feedback provided." Cons: "Can't think of anything. Trip was pretty nice." Pros: "Great flight Staff friendly" Cons: "Lost mini suitcase (was found and delivered within 24hrs) Broken wheels on bigger suitcase" Pros: "Lots of flight attendants to deal with such a large plan of passengers. They came around often with snacks and refreshments." Cons: "Entertainment was a little lacking." Cons: "Since I traveled with my daughter (4yo), I got to board early from LAX to TPE but my second flight from TPE to BKK, I had to wait till they called my zone seat. I was holding my daughter at that point since they took away my stroller way earlier than the boarding time. I would like to ask for the same standard of parents traveling with children who are 6 or younger to board first so they can get settle and these patents are tiring from dealing with their children during the flight. They are extra tired than regular passengers." Pros: "Flying EVA is always a great experience. This time no different. Elite cLass is very much worth the extra cost." Cons: "No worries with Hawaiian Airlines’ staff and service … the “free meal” (sandwich) was unexpected, tasty and something not found on other domestic carriers." Pros: "Crew was friendly." Cons: "We were late leaving the gate in LA. Now we have been sitting on the plane for 45 minutes waiting for our gate in Honolulu." Pros: "An entirely unexceptional airline that provides zero amenities for such a long flight." Cons: "Charge me $20 more a seat and provide a meal and in-flight entertainment." Pros: "Crew was very good. Long flights get boring. But that’s not the airlines fault." Pros: "The flight was smooth considering the weather. The crew was great and attentive." Cons: "I wish I was able to hang my wedding dress in a closet rather than folding it up and putting it in the overhead storage." Pros: "No line to check out bags, hassle free to board, easy to find out seats, friendly staff. LOVE the USB charger in the seats and the complimentary “rum punch”!" Cons: "Cabin could have been a degree or two warmer, it was very chilly. Seats in general cabin were very close together and we couldn’t get out of the seat when the seat was declined in front of us...we’re average sized humans and were pretty scrunched." Pros: "Crew was friendly. Plane was clean." Cons: "Entertainment set up is terrible, only available through app for purchase on tablet or smartphone. Cheap and antiquated. No vegetarian options for food." Pros: "The use of an ipad along with the special built in stand for entertainment was innovative and effective. I found the food to be delicious." Cons: "Though the seats were nice, they were not as nice as some of the other first or business class international flights I have taken." Cons: "Every other flight I have been on does not make you pay for entertainment, headphones, or blankets. I will not fly Hawaiian again." Pros: "Crew was pleasant and they try to give you a “Hawaiian” feel. They leave you alone and serve you without being intrusive." Cons: "No closed captions for movies or tv or videos. Seat was very uncomfortable. Seat mates screen didn’t turn off so it was bright for her the whole trip." Pros: "Great crew serving God beverages and meals. The was a variety of Entertainment from which to choose." Pros: "The seats were very comfortable even though legroom was limited in the basic cabin." Cons: "Delta delayed the flight from LAX to SLC, which subsequently made me miss the connecting flight from SLC to ORD. Completely unacceptable" Pros: "Free messaging during flight was REALLY nice!!! Smooth flight, early arrival, good coffee, variety of drinks, entertainment system worked very well and fast." Cons: "Seat bottom cushion was not comfortable, also I think my seat was broken as any time I leaned forward it returned to upright position. Food was good but need more snack for a long haul flight. Needed more drink offers between meals." Pros: "Overall, flight was great." Cons: "The couple next to me were a little on the plus size. A little tight for my flight. But I was ok" Pros: "I did not like nothing" Cons: "Custom took for ever they only had 2 agents working and I Missed my fight to nyc" Cons: "Sat on the runway for over an hour to get the gate. Unacceptable." Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Pros: "The attendant was most helpful. Because the flight was not full, she allowed us to sit in the exit row, window and aisle, with no one between. I'm a tall person, so the extra leg room was deeply appreciated. I give her and the airline high marks." Pros: "The crew members were very friendly" Cons: "Coach seats still a little too small. Always bump the person next to me" Japan Airlines8.7 ANA8.6 EVA Air8.5 Hawaiian Airlines8.1 Delta7.9 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to Tokyo found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/7Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 12h 10mLAX-HND $338 Search 3/3Sun 1 stopDelta 15h 30mLAX-HND $347 Search 3/5Tue 1 stopDelta 15h 30mLAX-HND $351 Search 2/4Sun 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 18h 00mLAX-HND $359 Search 3/1Fri nonstopJapan Airlines 12h 00mLAX-HND $518 Search 1/31Wed 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 19h 30mLAX-HND $577 Search 2/25Sun 1 stopPhilippine Airlines 33h 45mLAX-HND $605 Search 3/2Sat 1 stopPhilippine Airlines 33h 45mLAX-HND $641 Search 1/21Sun nonstopANA 12h 25mLAX-HND $653 Search 1/24Wed nonstopANA 12h 25mLAX-HND $656 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAmerican AirlinesDeltaHawaiian AirlinesJapan AirlinesPhilippine AirlinesANA Search by price$350 or less$360 or less$580 or less$640 or less$660 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Haneda Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopJapan Airlines 12h 00mLAX-HND 12/12Tue nonstopJapan Airlines 9h 45mHND-LAX $740 Search 12/5Tue nonstopANA 12h 25mLAX-HND 12/28Thu nonstopANA 9h 55mHND-LAX $741 Search 12/5Tue nonstopANA 12h 25mLAX-HND 12/27Wed multi-stopANA 12h 40mHND-LAX $751 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJapan Airlines 12h 00mLAX-HND 12/12Tue multi-stopJapan Airlines 16h 56mHND-LAX $770 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 18h 24mLAX-HND 12/13Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 16h 56mHND-LAX $788 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 25h 50mLAX-HND 12/18Mon multi-stopDelta 20h 56mHND-LAX $798 Search 12/5Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 12h 25mLAX-HND 12/12Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 10h 00mHND-LAX $858 Search 12/5Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 12h 25mLAX-HND 12/15Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 9h 55mHND-LAX $871 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 16h 20mLAX-HND 12/8Fri nonstopDelta 10h 20mHND-LAX $919 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 24h 13mLAX-HND 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 9h 55mHND-LAX $942 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineJapan AirlinesANAAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$740 or less$770 or less$800 or less$870 or less$940 or less Los Angeles - Tokyo Haneda Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: Tokyo Haneda (HND)Japan Return flight deals: Tokyo Haneda - Los Angeles Cabin classes: $2,886 First Class flights to Tokyo $1,038 Business Class flights to Tokyo $1,396 Prem Econ Class flights to Tokyo $736 Economy Class flights to Tokyo Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $647Flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Japan » Tokyo » Tokyo Haneda $647Flights to Tokyo Haneda Airport, Tokyo Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Tokyo Haneda flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Tokyo Haneda from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Tokyo Haneda from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.