Cheap Flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles from $38 | (ATL - LAX) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ATL - LAX Find cheap flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles from $38 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Los Angeles These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Los Angeles. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Los Angeles. How much is the cheapest flight from Atlanta to Los Angeles?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:45 pm - 8:10 pmATL-LAX 10h 25m1 stop 9:10 pm - 9:19 amLAX-ATL 9h 09m1 stop $78Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Wed, Jan 31 9:35 pm - 6:23 amATL-LAX 11h 48m1 stop 9:10 pm - 11:01 amLAX-ATL 10h 51m1 stop $79Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Jan 9 9:35 pm - 6:23 amATL-LAX 11h 48m1 stop 6:00 am - 3:08 pmLAX-ATL 6h 08m1 stop $81Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 12:45 pm - 8:10 pmATL-LAX 10h 25m1 stop 11:25 am - 6:38 pmLAX-ATL 4h 13mnonstop $82Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Wed, Jan 31 9:35 pm - 6:23 amATL-LAX 11h 48m1 stop 6:00 am - 3:08 pmLAX-ATL 6h 08m1 stop $83Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 9:35 pm - 9:15 amATL-LAX 14h 40m1 stop 11:25 am - 6:38 pmLAX-ATL 4h 13mnonstop $86Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Jan 10 7:45 am - 4:28 pmATL-LAX 11h 43m1 stop 6:00 am - 3:08 pmLAX-ATL 6h 08m1 stop $87Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 3:00 pm - 5:11 pmATL-LAX 5h 11mnonstop 2:59 pm - 10:17 pmLAX-ATL 4h 18mnonstop $88Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Tue, Jan 30 3:00 pm - 5:11 pmATL-LAX 5h 11mnonstop 7:50 pm - 9:15 amLAX-ATL 10h 25m1 stop $113 Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Mon, Jan 22 3:00 pm - 5:11 pmATL-LAX 5h 11mnonstop 11:45 pm - 12:44 amLAX-ATL 21h 59m2 stops $131 Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Mon, Jan 22 Show more results Flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Atlanta to Los Angeles? The average price of all flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Los Angeles on a Tuesday and more expensive on a Sunday. On your return trip to Atlanta, you should consider flying back on a Wednesday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Atlanta to Los Angeles? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles is September, where tickets cost $249 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and December, where the average cost of tickets is $404 and $385 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Atlanta to Los Angeles? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Atlanta to Los Angeles, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 26 days before departure. Which airlines fly most frequently between Atlanta and Los Angeles? Delta connects Atlanta to Los Angeles with up to 9 flights per day. American Airlines also offers 1 flight per day, while Spirit Airlines follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Atlanta and Los Angeles? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Atlanta to Los Angeles. They are: American Airlines, Delta and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $72 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Atlanta and Los Angeles per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 13 nonstop flights that take off from Atlanta and land in Los Angeles, with an average flight time of 5h 08m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 85 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 15% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Atlanta and Los Angeles? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Atlanta to Los Angeles take? The average nonstop flight takes 4h 59m, covering a distance of 1,941 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Atlanta to Los Angeles? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Atlanta at 6:00 am and will be landing in Los Angeles at 8:06 am. What’s the latest departure time from Atlanta to Los Angeles? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Atlanta to Los Angeles jets off at 10:44 pm and lands at 12:59 am. Good to know Low season September High season January Cheapest flight $38 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 24% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 13% increase in price. Flight from Atlanta to Los Angeles When to book flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Atlanta to Los Angeles based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles Is there a hotel near LAX? Travelers who’ll be arriving late at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) can avoid the rush to their next destination by spending a night at one of the numerous hotels near LAX. Some of those facilities include Hampton Inn & Suites Lax El Segundo sits near LAX and Hyatt Regency Los Angeles International Airport. Are there lounges at LAX? Multiple airlines run lounges at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), including Qantas International First-Class Lounge, Star Alliance Lounge and United Club Lounge. Access is based on membership or possession of a registered card. However, Economy class passengers can access these lounges if they pay a day’s pass. What kind of family amenities are found at LAX? Families arriving with their kids at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) will be happy to know that the airport has dedicated rooms to cater to the needs of nursing and lactating moms. These rooms are located in Terminal 5 post-security where moms can pump and breastfeed in privacy. In addition, the rooms have chairs and sinks at your disposal. Which is the best way to get to Universal Studios Hollywood from LAX? Universal Studio lies approximately 26.4 miles from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). There are several ways to commute between the two destinations. However, there’s direct public transportation from LAX to Universal Studios, Hollywood. You’ll have to take a bus to L. A. Union Station, before connecting a Metro Red & Purple Line, to the subway, then drop off at Universal Studios. What are some good hotels near Los Angeles International Airport? The Four Points by Sheraton is a 15-minute drive from the famous Los Angeles County Museum of Art and a 3-minute drive from the Los Angeles International Airport. The Sheraton Gateway is a 4-star choice that is a 20-minute drive from Venice Beach and a 5-minute drive from the airport. What dining options are there at Los Angeles International Airport? If you’re hungry once your flight has landed at Los Angeles International Airport, there are several places where you can choose to eat. Cassell’s is a casual restaurant that serves a variety of burgers and sandwiches, while Slapfish has a large selection of soups and salads. Real Food Daily is a convenient choice for anyone who follows a plant-based diet. Does Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport have a prayer room? Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport currently has three interfaith chapels that are located in the atrium, mezzanine, and E centerpoint. They are open 24 hours a day and provide religious texts that guests can use for either private prayer or meditation. Make sure to check their calendars when you are there, as they occasionally host public religious services during standard airport hours. What is there to do at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport has an extensive airport art program that places rotating exhibits in the terminals in order to share local work with travelers. This program also coordinates small concerts which generally take place in the airport’s atrium. Do I need a passport to fly between Atlanta and Los Angeles? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Atlanta to Los Angeles? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Atlanta to Los Angeles flight route: American Airlines, Delta, Alaska Airlines, Spirit Airlines, Cape Air, PSA Airlines, and JetBlue. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Atlanta to Los Angeles? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Atlanta to Los Angeles flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Atlanta and Los Angeles, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Atlanta to Los Angeles? There are nonstop flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles, American Airlines or United Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles are American Airlines and United Airlines. With an average price for the route of $384 and an overall rating of 7.2, American Airlines is the most popular choice. United Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $370 and an overall rating of 7.0. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Atlanta to Los Angeles? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Los Angeles from Atlanta is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Los Angeles with an airline and back to Atlanta with another airline. Booking your flights between Atlanta and LAX can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Atlanta to Los Angeles? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Los Angeles from Atlanta up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ATL to Los Angeles Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $91 or less one-way and $177 or less round-trip. Travelers with early morning departures from Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) to Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) should plan to sleep in one of the several hotels near ATL. Typically, these facilities offer courtesy shuttles to the airport, thus arriving in time for your flight. SpringHill Suites by Marriott Atlanta Airport Gateway is one such hotel. Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) provides services to passengers with disabilities and persons with reduced mobility. You’ll get airline representatives to provide wheelchair assistance at the check-in counters and when boarding. To reserve a wheelchair, contact your airline directly. Those traveling with the kids should keep in mind that Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) offers facilities where lactating moms can pump and breastfeed in privacy. You can locate these facilities near found near gates T-7, B-5, D-34 and F-5. Also, they have electrical sockets, seats and sinks at your disposal. Several airlines run VIP Clubs and lounges at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL). As the main hub for Delta Air Lines, the carrier has at least 1 Delta Sky Club in every concourse. Others include Admirals Club, Minute Suite, United Club and USO Lounge, all in Concourse T. Any passenger can access these lounges at a reduced cost. At either end of Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL), you’ll find domestic terminals and the international terminal. In between the terminals are concourses T, A, B, C, D, E, and F. The Plane Train provides regular services for travelers to connect between the terminals and concourses. If you’re interested in direct flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles, there are several companies that you can book your reservation with. Frontier and Spirit Airlines have large selections of affordable tickets, while Delta and American Airlines have comfortable seats with above-average legroom. For those who are traveling for work, pay a visit to the Business Center in Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport before your flight from Atlanta to Los Angeles takes off. This center provides travelers with a variety of services, including high-speed WiFi, printers, copiers, and comfortable desks. Are you planning on flying with a pet or service animal? Don’t forget to head to one of the pet relief areas that are located in Los Angeles International Airport. Two large outdoor pet parks can be found between Terminals 1 and 2 and Terminals 3 and 4, and an indoor relief zone is placed near the entrance of the Tom Bradley International Terminal. To ensure that your phone or portable device doesn’t die during your flight, consider renting a fuel rod charger at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport. These chargers are allowed to go anywhere with you throughout the airport, and they can be returned to any charging desk before your flight takes off. If you are a smoker, it is important to keep in mind that smoking is not permitted in any building or terminal of Los Angeles International Airport. To have a cigarette, you will instead have to wait until you are past security and outside the doors of one of the Arrivals terminals. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Los Angeles? Find which airlines fly direct from Hartsfield-Jackson to Los Angeles, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Los Angeles to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +13 more 11 12 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 4 airlines serving from Atlanta to Los Angeles See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Atlanta to Los Angeles. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Atlanta to Los Angeles? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 84comfort 78food 86overall 87boarding 90crew 80entertainment Airline reviews Cons: "I was able to connect to internet and watch movie Thank you" Cons: "I was able to connect to internet and watch movie Thank you" Pros: "The crew, the service on the plane and boarding was great. Even the captain kept us informed of the reason for the delay." Cons: "When booking flights, I expect to arrive within a 15 minute cushion. But this flights was 2.5 hours late to arrive to the destination." Pros: "Average" Cons: "Been on time (both flights were late) and offered a competitive direct flight." Cons: "Plane was a little older. But the staff was terrific" Pros: "The entertainment was great. I wish WiFi would have worked." Pros: "It’s Southwest. Meaning lost cost, no frills, but more importantly no extra fees. They will get you where you need to go." Pros: "The crew was attentive." Cons: "No phone chargers on the plane. WiFi was not available for that particular flight. We sat on the plane at the gate for almost an hour before the plane started moving and the crew said the delays were due to “paperwork”" Pros: "I thought the crew was very nice and the flight was smooth" Cons: "It was the last flight of the night and the crew was very loud. I just wanted to sleep but the crew wanted to talk." Cons: "the original flight was cancelled. the replacement flight was delayed. then we sat on the runway with no updates for almost 40 minutes. and we landed a half hour after the predicted landing time of 115p with no announcements to keep us updated. the woman next to me was stressing because of a connect" Pros: "New plane. Much quieter and nicer. Also got aisle seat in emergency row, so had plenty of room." Cons: "I still think the charge of $8 for internet is just too high. Although I enjoyed watching football game, I would rather listen to Apple Music subscription. But I’m not paying $8 for this pleasure for 2 hours. How about reducing the price to $2 or something else that is less." I was disappointed throughout the my whole experience. After being delayed for 3 hrs sitting in plane, not accommodated by staff Pros: "Movie selection and comfort of seats" Cons: "They somehow “lost” luggage for half the hee passengers, and we had to wait for 2 hours by the carousel for them to “find” it. Totally unacceptable." Pros: "Flight attendants were very helpful and courteous. Can't ask for more than that." Cons: "It was an older plane with no entertainment screens. Also, was charged a ton of money to check in a bicycle: $150. It's only $75 on Southwest. Lame." Pros: "We arrived safely The seats were comfortable We were on time" Cons: "1) American's boarding process seems to be driven by ticket price and nothing else. Every other airline I've been with boards families with small children first. It lets those families and get on board and get setup so that they don't block aisle access for everyone else. American seems to board based on how expensive your ticket was. So, the aisles get blocked and boarding takes forever. 2) The cabin crew gave pretty apathetic service. When our baby threw up on us, they just told us to go clean ourselves up in the bathrooms. They gave us a can of soda water to help clean up, but that was about it. 3) When my wife asked if the bread was dairy free (for our baby with a dairy allergy), the staff's response was to turn to another staff member and ask them, "Do you want to go back and research that?" In the end they just told us they didn't have time to look it up." Pros: "On-board staff were professional and kept everything running smoothly and with great communication from the pilot." Cons: "Claiming baggage at LaGuardia was an hours-long process for everyone on the flight leading to raised tension and lots of tired folks on what was already a late (and delayed flight)." Cons: "It was terrible. definitly not up to the standards of a first class fare." Pros: "Clean plane a little more room in economy seats. Crew helped people find window and aisle seats if they were in middle." Cons: "No in seat entertainment. Just drop down lCD panels for shows." Pros: "We missed this flight." Cons: "Background info: we flew from Dublin to Toronto (Aer Lingus) and we were supposed to fly Toronto to Los Angeles on American Airlines; however, we had a British Airways flight number for both of these flights. We missed our connecting flight in Toronto with American Airlines (we had a 2 hour layover) despite landing on-time (de-boarded a few minutes late). I suggest avoiding the Toronto airport ALWAYS as every passenger must pick up his/her luggage even if you have a connecting flight, and then re-check the baggage with the next flight. Apparently the baggage handlers were on strike and some of the customs agents as well which added to the delays. Well, after going through Canadian customs and picking up our luggage (which took quite awhile) we arrived at the American Airlines ticketing kiosk about 45 minutes before our flight. The computer told us we were too late for this flight and to see a representative. We proceeded to wait in line for an American Airlines representative only to be told this was Aer Lingus' fault (we had just flown with them); even though we had a BA flight number.. After searching for an Aer Lingus representative we were finally told they were probably all on the Aer Lingus flight that was currently about to leave. An Aer Lingus representative was paged to the ticketing counter (took well over 30 minutes for anyone to show up) and what proceeded was an argument (for well over an hour) between British Airways and Aer Lingus representatives about whose responsibility it was to re-book us. After an hour at least of poor customer service, we were finally rebooked by British Airways on the last flight to LAX (on Air Canada). Moral of the story: avoid Toronto and fly direct." Pros: "Boarding was fast!" Cons: "The staff was not great! When I had just arrived to the gate, they had already called group 5 so I went up and presented my boarding pass and the crew made a facial expression of annoyance since group 5 was called and they were boarding group 7. When I entered the plane, one of the staff just looked at me twice without saying hello back. I said it twice and the same lady gave me a cold goodbye when I was leaving the plane. There was no entertainment!!!! Also, no plug to charge my phone that I had to wait to charge my phone after getting my bags to contact a taxi driver (Lyft)." Pros: "Seats had good leg room, and the current movies were free (unlike on the United flight I took a short while ago). Boarding was quick." Pros: "Very organized" Cons: "No issues, I found value for the amount I paid for my flight" Cons: "Service for people not able to sleep on the long haul" Cons: "Can’t charge devices. Have to pay for watching movies. Pay for suitcase!" Pros: "On time, even arrived early. Nice, clean plane. Good experience." Cons: "One member of the crew was rude, advise if you dislike your job quit and find another!" Cons: "I was put on wrong flight and arrived 4 hours after scheduled landing." Pros: "The flight was delayed, but once I got on I had a great flight!" Cons: "It would have been helpful if hanging a garment bag were available, which was the case on my return flights to DC on American Airlines." Pros: "It was my first time flying United Airlines and I was satisfied with the service. I would definitely recommend this airline. Everyone was very courteous and available to answer questions." Cons: "I've never flown with this company before this trip and there's a lot that I learned: 1) Expect cancelled or delayed flights 2) Do not expect any form of compensation for lost time (unless you are aggressive and demand it, but I'm not good at being mean) 3) Do not expect friendly costumer service 4) Flight >5 hours, only expect 1 drink 5) Do not expect your Gate listed on your ticket to be correct. Always check the airport TVs, since they don't announce gate changes at your terminal. 6) You will have plenty of miserable stories to share with your fellow miserable airplane companions. 7) Just don't do it. Save yourself travel stress and go with another airline. 8) I'm not kidding... I was stranded in an airport for 11.5 hours, and lost 1 full day of my vacation due to 2 cancellations." Pros: "Got there early." Cons: "Your airline is not a bargain at all. Your ala-cart charging was excessive. I would have been better off paying $100 more for a more established airline, since I eventually paid the same price. It wasn't worth the hassle." Cons: "Heartless, inconsiderate, rude people from start to finish. Will never fly with Spirit again." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The way the seats were too close no leg room uncomfortable landing" Pros: "It had some space" Cons: "I did not like Paying $47 for a little tiny carry on" Pros: "Arrived LAX early Bathroom was clean" Cons: "Hidden costs No entertainment Uncomfortable seats; sore neck No complimentary water or beverages" Pros: "THE TICKET PRICE. THAT'S ALL." Cons: "NO DISCLOSURE OF THE EXTRA EXPENSES BEFORE BOOKING. NO DISCLOSURE THAT EVERY DRINK,EVEN WATER,IS NOT FREE. I HAD TO "JOIN THE CLUB" IN ORDER TO BE ABLE TO PRINT MY BOARDING PASS..CALLED THE COMPANY FOR ASSISTANCE AND HAD A MISERABLE TIME WAITING AND THE SERVICE WAS NOT GOOD. ALL IN A SENTENCE- I WILL NEVER USE YOUR COMPANY AGAIN AND WARN ALL FRIENDS ABOUT AVOIDING SPIRIT AIR. I'M NOT TAKING PLEASURE IN WRITING THIS,I AM 63 YEARS OLD AND FLU WITH PLENTY OF AIRLINES FROM EUROPE AND THE USA. SO FAR,MY EXPERIENCE WITH YOUR COMPANY HAS BEEN THE WORST." Cons: "The seats didn't recline. Snacks and be beverages were extra. Babbage was extra. Next time I will pay a bit more and fly Southwest. Also, my boarding time changed multiple times, very inconvenient." Pros: "You just pay for gas to get you from A to B" Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "I need to speak with someone, and I cannot find a number, the automated service on the number does not allow me to speak with anyone." Pros: "nothing" Cons: "Rude fight attendants They did not even have a cop of water" Southwest8.4 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Atlanta to Los Angeles found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/6Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 13h 55mATL-LAX $38 Search 1/24Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 10h 25mATL-LAX $40 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 9h 40mATL-LAX $42 Search 1/23Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 5h 11mATL-LAX $44 Search 1/9Tue 1 stop 9h 05mATL-LAX $63 Search 1/9Tue 2 stops 16h 05mATL-LAX $78 Search 4/2Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 24mATL-LAX $148 Search 12/11Mon 1 stopSouthwest 6h 45mATL-LAX $189 Search 12/11Mon 3 stopsSouthwest 12h 25mATL-LAX $203 Search 3/28Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 9h 25mATL-LAX $209 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesSouthwestUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$40 or less$80 or less$190 or less$210 or less Last minute flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 40mATL-LAX 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 53mLAX-ATL $84 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 15h 41mATL-LAX 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 17h 11mLAX-ATL $99 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 15h 41mATL-LAX 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 20mLAX-ATL $106 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 16h 12mATL-LAX 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 17mLAX-ATL $114 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 5h 13mATL-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 30mLAX-ATL $117 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 5h 11mATL-LAX 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 17mLAX-ATL $131 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 48mATL-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 45mLAX-ATL $137 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 48mATL-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 07mLAX-ATL $139 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 11h 21mATL-LAX 12/20Wed nonstop 4h 17mLAX-ATL $155 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 5h 11mATL-LAX 12/7Thu multi-stop 11h 15mLAX-ATL $175 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit Airlines Search by price$100 or less$110 or less$130 or less$140 or less$180 or less Atlanta - Los Angeles Flights Departure: Atlanta (ATL)United States Destination: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Los Angeles - Atlanta Cabin classes: $833 First Class flights to Los Angeles $834 Business Class flights to Los Angeles $816 Prem Econ Class flights to Los Angeles $62 Economy Class flights to Los Angeles Browse origins: Flights » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $78Flights from Atlanta to Los Angeles Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » Los Angeles $78Flights to Los Angeles, Los Angeles Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Honolulu Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Los Angeles flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Los Angeles from Atlanta. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Los Angeles from Atlanta. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.