Cheap Flights from Montreal to Toronto Pearson from C$ 114 | (YUL - YYZ) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YUL - YYZ Find cheap flights from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport from C$ 114 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 16/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Toronto Pearson Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Toronto, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Toronto, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Montreal to Pearson Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Montreal to Pearson Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:25 p.m. - 9:00 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 35mdirect 10:55 p.m. - 12:11 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 16mdirect C$ 164Porter Airlines Find Deal Thu, 21 Dec - Sat, 6 Jan 12:25 p.m. - 1:55 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 30mdirect 10:55 p.m. - 12:11 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 16mdirect C$ 170Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 22 Dec - Tue, 26 Dec 12:25 p.m. - 1:55 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 30mdirect 10:55 p.m. - 12:11 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 16mdirect C$ 172Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 29 Dec - Mon, 1 Jan 7:25 p.m. - 9:00 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 35mdirect 10:55 p.m. - 12:11 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 16mdirect C$ 173Porter Airlines Find Deal Sat, 23 Dec - Fri, 29 Dec 9:55 a.m. - 11:31 a.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 36mdirect 2:20 p.m. - 3:35 p.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect C$ 174Porter Airlines Find Deal Thu, 21 Dec - Sat, 23 Dec 7:00 a.m. - 8:36 a.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 36mdirect 11:30 p.m. - 12:46 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 16mdirect C$ 186Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 26 Dec - Mon, 1 Jan 10:00 p.m. - 11:36 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 36mdirect 12:35 a.m. - 1:55 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 20mdirect C$ 188Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 29 Dec - Thu, 4 Jan 7:10 p.m. - 8:46 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 36mdirect 9:00 a.m. - 10:20 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 20mdirect C$ 199Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 15 Dec - Tue, 19 Dec 10:00 p.m. - 11:36 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 36mdirect 8:30 p.m. - 9:50 p.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 20mdirect C$ 203Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 29 Dec - Fri, 5 Jan 10:00 p.m. - 11:36 p.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 36mdirect 10:55 p.m. - 12:11 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 16mdirect C$ 224 Find Deal Tue, 9 Jan - Wed, 10 Jan Show more results Flights from Montreal to Pearson Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Montreal to Pearson Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is February, where tickets cost C$ 171 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are October and August, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 356 and C$ 324 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 85 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for C$ 223 on Porter Airlines, followed by Air Canada (C$ 252). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as C$ 114 on Porter Airlines and from C$ 118 on Air Canada. Which airlines fly direct between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. There are 4 airlines that fly direct from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Porter Airlines, Royal Jordanian and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Air Canada at C$ 140. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Porter Airlines. How many flights are there between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 12 and 18 nonstop flights that take off from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and land in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 35m. The most common departure time is 9:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 106 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport take? Direct flights from Montreal generally make it to Toronto Pearson Airport in 1h 25m. The flying distance between the two cities is 812 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport at 5:00 am and will be landing in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 6:34 am. What’s the latest departure time from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport jets off at 10:00 pm and lands at 11:36 pm. Good to know Low season September High season December Cheapest flight C$ 114 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 10% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 8% lower on average. Flight from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport When to book flights from Montreal to Pearson Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Montreal to Pearson Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport flights What family services does Montreal-Pierre Elliot Trudeau International Airport (YUL) offer? If you plan a holiday with your family in Toronto, consider using Montreal-Pierre Elliot Trudeau International Airport (YUL) as your departure spot. This airport features two children's play zones with different play tools and games. These areas are located close to Gate 53 and Gate 68. If you are travelling with toddlers, you may like knowing that the airport offers a bassinet and allows child car seats and strollers at a minimal charge. Does Toronto Pearson Airport provide accessible services? Toronto Pearson Airport considers individuals with reduced mobility. This airport offers a wide range of accessible services and amenities to give these individuals more options and independence. You are advised to notify your airline of your needs at least 48 hours before your departure to ensure a safe and pleasurable trip. Moreover, this airport features accessible parking, elevators, ramps, and special assistance ready for your services. Where can I rent a car after landing at Toronto Pearson Airport? You should consider getting your car rental at an affordable price on site at the airport's car rental center located at Terminal 1. While at Toronto Pearson Airport, you will be served by car rental agencies such as National, Alamo, Hertz, Thrifty, Enterprise, and Dollar. You can visit top attraction sites close to Toronto Pearson Airport with your car rental without restrictions. What is the best way to connect from Toronto Pearson Airport to the city center? It would take approximately 25 minutes to get to the city center of Toronto from the airport. If you are using Bramalea Road, it will take you about 22 minutes, and 23 minutes if you use Airport Road. Consider using a taxi, car rental, or rideshare service to connect easily from the airport to the city center. Also, you can use the express subway, train, or bus outside the main terminal to get to the city center. Which airports will I be using when flying from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport? When flying out of Montreal you will be using Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl. You will be landing at Toronto Pearson Airport, also known as Toronto Pearson Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Montreal and Toronto Pearson Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport? There are direct flights from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Montreal to Toronto, Porter Airlines or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Montreal to Toronto are Porter Airlines and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 299 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 306 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Toronto Pearson Airport from Montreal is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Toronto Pearson Airport with an airline and back to Montreal with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Toronto Pearson Airport from Montreal up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Montreal to Toronto Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 188 or less one-way and C$ 544 or less round-trip. Flights from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport depart from Montreal-Pierre Elliot Trudeau International Airport (YUL), Montreal–Mirabel International Airport (YMX), or Montreal Saint-Hubert Longueuil Airport (YHU). YUL is the most commonly used airport by passengers travelling to Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ) due to its high frequency of flights from Montreal to Toronto. If you are in downtown Montreal and want to connect to Montreal-Pierre Elliot Trudeau International Airport (YUL), you should consider using a taxi, town car, or car rental to save time. However, consider using the 747-line express bus for public transport, which will take around 20 minutes to get you to the airport. Passengers with pets are accepted on flights from Montreal to Toronto if you abide by certain policies. Your pet should always be on a leash and in the correct kennel. Before the flight at YUL, your pet can relieve itself at pet relief areas located at the multi-parking lot in front of the terminal building across Gate 25. Upon your arrival at Toronto Pearson Airport, your pet can relieve itself at Terminal 1 or 3. If you have an early morning flight from Montreal to Toronto Pearson Airport, consider staying close to the airport. One option would be a room at Montreal Airport Marriott In-Terminal Hotel, which is on site at the airport. If you land at Toronto Pearson Airport late at night, consider staying at a hotel close to the airport so that you can easily and quickly have a place to rest for the night before reaching your final destination. You might opt to book a room at the Sheraton Gateway Hotel at Terminal 3 of Toronto International Airport. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Toronto Pearson Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Pearson Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Tuesday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +16 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +16 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Friday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Saturday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +16 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Toronto Pearson Intl to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Search flights Monday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +18 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Wednesday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Thursday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +18 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Friday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +18 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Saturday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Sunday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Montreal to Pearson Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Montreal to Toronto. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Montreal to Pearson Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 71food 70entertainment 77comfort 80overall 84crew 81boarding Airline reviews Cons: "I was delayed a few houts.they could let me fly earlier."Read more about WestJet Cons: "I was delayed a few houts.they could let me fly earlier." Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy" Pros: "Good legroom in premium economy, power outlets at all seats" Cons: "WiFi speed was terrible" Pros: "not much, not even close to the service and comfort I am used to flying." Cons: "Keep planes in working order" Cons: "Service is awful, they cancelled a flight and they reserved the wrong flight so we couldn't get to the destination. Had to change airline and extend our flight by 9 hours with our baby. Horrrrrrible experience. Staff didn't seem to care. They put everything on their supervisor and she tried to help" Cons: "After landing, we were waiting on the tarmac for sometime and I needed to use the restroom I was an allowed to do so. It would’ve taken me a short short time. I went to The rear of the plane to use the restroom and was told to get in my seat." Pros: "The food" Cons: "The staff insisted on putting bags underneath seats for a 13 hours flight..." Pros: "Nothing really." Cons: "The lady at the checkin desk volunteered me to check my carry on and told me that she would charge me if I didn’t comply. ( there was more than enough room on the plane for me to store it). The plane wreaked of poo the whole flight and it gave me a head ache, which my Tylenol was in my carry on that the lady forced me to check. And the flight was only supposed to be delayed 15 min, and we didn’t take off until 45 min later, which made us miss our connection. Very disappointing service/ flight from WestJet!" Cons: "- The unprofessional way the staff "sorted us out". Especially the lady at check-in. Our flight was from NY to Toronto and then connecting after a nine-hour layover from Toronto to London. On all flights, we got the seats in the middle of the aircraft allocated, which is challenging when you are on crutches. - The second flight to London was in a terribly old machine where the overhead compartments were not well equipped to accommodate my crutches. The only way they fitted was at the very back underneath all the luggage. So when I asked the flight staff to help me get my crutch to go to the toilet, as I could not get it myself, he asked: "do you really have to use it?". I considered that very rude! - The selling of the entertainment systems took forever, which meant that the food sale was very late. Almost 4 hours into the flight on an overnight flight is really late! Especially when people would prefer to sleep. Due to my medication, I had to wait for food, but it took forever. All in all, not the best experience" Pros: "I love flying in a smaller plane. They are usually not full in the morning and so it gave me a lot of space to relax and enjoy the flight from montreal to toronto. The crew was really nice and smilling and they made sure that my pet and I had everything we needed." Cons: "The seats are pretty thin and uncomfortable. There is no wifi or television on board." Cons: "The flight was delayed by 2 hours . We missed our appointment and want to be compensated!!!" Pros: "Flight attendants are among the most professional and refined I’ve come across traveling anywhere in North America. It’s a pleasure flying with them." Pros: "Our flight attendant was WONDERFUL! I wish I knew her name. She was the only one with glasses. This was the ~3:15pm flight Nov 25 from Montreal to Toronto. She was very pleasant and attentive, and truly loved her job but not over the top. My friend and I were super impressed by the service of everyone but especially her. The snacks were also a very nice touch. Great prices and deals on flights" Pros: "The seats were comfortable and even roomy, compared to many other airlines." Cons: "Two minor drawbacks: (1) In the Porter lounge, where I was stuck between connecting flights, the cost of food was too high. (2) The weather buffets these small planes more than would be the case with jetliners." Pros: "We waited 45min in the plane before taking off, I missed my transfert flight and I had to wait for the next one in Toronto" Pros: "Easy on/easy off" Cons: "The lavatory was dirty and had a very high odour. There MUST be a way to clean it between flights." Pros: "Friendly crew, comfortable seats, leg room is really good and snacks." Cons: "Delayed flight 45 minutes" Cons: "There is only 1 lavatory on the plane and early in the flight they had to shut it down! Luckily there were no incidents but how can you not have a working lavatory?! What would they do if someone really had to go?" Pros: "Flight was delayed for 4 boring and tiring hrs." Cons: "Delayed flight and no decent food to purchase at d louge" Pros: "We made it to our destination. Flight attendants were pleasant. Juice was served in a real glass not plastic. Storage in overhead very narrow. Couldn’t get standard size bag it it." Cons: "Gate was changed but no announcements were made.Flight left over an hour late. No instructions given for people with connecting flights." Cons: "To have known that you had to do security twice without leaving the boarding area." Pros: "Loved the extra leg room." Cons: "Food was horrible, had two bites and didn’t eat the rest." Pros: "There was not much to like... we boarded quickly that was about it." Cons: "For starters, they should offer water and juice on all flights. On my outbound trip they only offered water and it took them a long time to offer the water. Also, on my inbound trip they turned on the lights after take off and had them on for a while. Seats are also SMALL." Pros: "It’s hard to write a review when flight was supposed to leave at 6:30 and didn’t until midnight, but due to weather. It was frustrating for all but staff and pilot kept us informed at all times so that was appreciated. There wasn’t much to do but to wait out the weather." Cons: "For the weather to be better and to have left on time - but obviously that is out of everyone’s control." Cons: "Flught was 90 mins late leaving becuse of equipment failure. Missed my meeting." Pros: "Price" Cons: "It took almost an hour from landing for our luggage to make it to the belt. For a domestic flight, this is really poor." Pros: "It left fairly promptly. Service was efficient. The seat was comfortable." Cons: "flight was delayed in both directions; very few announcements; the crew were ok, but there was not much service in the hour we waited foe the plane to take off and during the flight" Pros: "The crew were very friendly, sweet and accommodating. I had a seat by the exit which I luckily didn't have to pay extra for and the leg room was ample and really helpful on a long flight. The meal was pretty good, but I really wished airlines would stop wasting so much plastic - I think there should be a way we can support the environment better when flying." Cons: "I didn't realize Air Transat was a bare-bones airline (not that my flight was cheap in cost) - we didn't have pillows or blankets for the flight (10 hours) and had to pay for them! Seems like that should be standard on a long haul flight. The seats are very narrow with poor back support, and my back started to hurt 5 hours in. Many people were standing in the aisles as it was so uncomfortable. I was very cold throughout the flight, which was another uncomfortable aspect. One of the bathrooms was out of order which resulted in everyone using the same one - you can imagine how smelly and messy it got." Pros: "Food was better than on my flight to Porto" Cons: "There was no water in the washrooms from the start of an 8 hour flight!" The flight got cancelled at midnight, no flight alternatives for the day of my trip. Got stuck in Montreal and ended up having to pay for a hotel. I didn’t like anything. They delayed the first flight by over an hour then I got to the gate at my other flight 10 mins prior to scheduled departure the plane was still there, but the door was closed I was told to go see customer service got diverted to Kingston and my bag didn’t arrive. The worst airline and travel experience ever Great to use air Canada app and Canadian gov app for international travel/border Start drink service earlier, midway they had to stop as we were arriving.. Staff knows this is a short flight - so get your act together and start the service as soon as possible when the plane reaches cruising altitude Flight delayed three and a half hours due to mechanical problems with the plane! Absolutely no support when loosing flight connection due to Air Canada delayed flights. Cons: "The plane was loaded front to back and unloaded without any disipline i.e. the usual uncontrolled mob. Neither is a good idea in this time of covid-19." Cons: "Lack of services, no food, no tv air flight access. Very disappointing!" Pros: "Even if I missed the connection, I was happy that a connection was automatically send to me and I did not have to worry about mu baggage or check out at Pearson." Cons: "I reserved two tickets and out of the four planes with took only one we had seats next to each other so we couldn't carry out some business on the flights." Pros: "the crew was nice and helpul with my worry about loosing the flight to tel aviv because the flight to toronto was late due to snow in toronto." Cons: "while on my way to the airport i got a message that my flight was cancelled. luckily i had a friend who took care of putting me on another flight to toronto. weather created changes but just sending a message your flight is cancelled is not the right way to deal with things. when finally arriving to toronot i had to rush to my flight to tel aviv, it was insane, just to realize that also this flight was postponed due to the weather. air canada should be more involved in helping travelers to deal with their connections." Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Transat7.2 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Book cheap flights from Montreal to Toronto Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Montreal to Toronto found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 16/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYUL-YYZ C$ 84 Search 16/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYUL-YYZ C$ 86 Search 31/12Sun directAir Canada 1h 36mYUL-YYZ C$ 87 Search 23/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YYZ C$ 88 Search 17/12Sun directAir Canada 1h 36mYUL-YYZ C$ 100 Search 15/4Mon 1 stopFlair Airlines 8h 50mYUL-YYZ C$ 109 Search 4/4Thu 1 stopFlair Airlines 8h 50mYUL-YYZ C$ 119 Search 5/12Tue directAir Transat 1h 36mYUL-YYZ C$ 258 Search 2/4Tue 2 stopsWestJet 18h 10mYUL-YYZ C$ 304 Search 9/1Tue 1 stopWestJet 24h 25mYUL-YYZ C$ 353 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaFlair AirlinesAir TransatWestJet Search by priceC$ 90 or lessC$ 90 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 260 or lessC$ 350 or less Last minute flights from Montreal to Pearson Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Montreal to Toronto that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon multi-stop 24h 48mYUL-YYZ 16/12Sat direct 1h 16mYYZ-YUL C$ 235 Search 4/12Mon multi-stop 24h 48mYUL-YYZ 15/12Fri direct 1h 15mYYZ-YUL C$ 236 Search 3/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYUL-YYZ 16/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 16mYYZ-YUL C$ 254 Search 4/12Mon multi-stop 24h 48mYUL-YYZ 13/12Wed direct 1h 20mYYZ-YUL C$ 275 Search 5/12Tue directPorter Airlines 1h 36mYUL-YYZ 16/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 16mYYZ-YUL C$ 279 Search 4/12Mon multi-stop 24h 48mYUL-YYZ 14/12Thu direct 1h 20mYYZ-YUL C$ 293 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 1h 36mYUL-YYZ 12/12Tue directAir Canada 1h 20mYYZ-YUL C$ 306 Search 2/12Sat directAir Transat 1h 35mYUL-YYZ 4/12Mon directAir Transat 1h 20mYYZ-YUL C$ 378 Search 2/12Sat directAir Transat 1h 35mYUL-YYZ 3/12Sun directAir Transat 1h 16mYYZ-YUL C$ 400 Search 3/12Sun directAir Canada 1h 36mYUL-YYZ 15/12Fri directAir Canada 1h 20mYYZ-YUL C$ 479 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaAir Transat Search by priceC$ 240 or lessC$ 280 or lessC$ 290 or lessC$ 380 or lessC$ 480 or less Montreal - Toronto Pearson Airport Flights Departure: Montreal (YUL)Canada Destination: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Return flight deals: Toronto Pearson Airport - Montreal Cabin classes: First Class flights to Toronto C$ 1,413 Business Class flights to Toronto C$ 747 Prem Econ Class flights to Toronto C$ 285 Economy Class flights to Toronto Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 227Flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 227Flights to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, Toronto Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Moncton Flights to Victoria Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Toronto Pearson Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Toronto Pearson Airport from Montreal. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Toronto Pearson Airport from Montreal. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.