Cheap Flights from Newark Airport to Paris from $186 | (EWR - PAR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW EWR - PAR Find cheap flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris from $186 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/31. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from Newark to Paris?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Newark to Paris that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:55 pm - 9:40 pmEWR-ORY 15h 45m1 stop 4:45 pm - 10:00 pmORY-EWR 11h 15m1 stop $342TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Thu, Feb 29 - Wed, Mar 6 11:55 pm - 7:45 pmEWR-ORY 13h 50m1 stop 10:20 am - 10:00 pmORY-EWR 17h 40m1 stop $352TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Thu, Feb 29 - Wed, Mar 6 11:55 pm - 10:15 pmEWR-ORY 16h 20m2 stops 4:45 pm - 10:00 pmORY-EWR 11h 15m1 stop $354TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Thu, Feb 29 - Wed, Mar 6 11:00 pm - 12:00 pmEWR-ORY 7h 00mnonstop 6:40 pm - 9:00 pmORY-EWR 8h 20mnonstop $426French Bee Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Mon, Jan 22 11:00 pm - 12:00 pmEWR-ORY 7h 00mnonstop 6:40 pm - 9:00 pmORY-EWR 8h 20mnonstop $433French Bee Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sat, Jan 27 11:00 pm - 12:00 pmEWR-ORY 7h 00mnonstop 6:40 pm - 9:00 pmORY-EWR 8h 20mnonstop $492Air Caraïbes Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Mon, Jan 29 6:20 pm - 7:25 amEWR-CDG 7h 05mnonstop 9:25 am - 11:55 amCDG-EWR 8h 30mnonstop $536United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Sat, Jan 20 4:50 pm - 5:55 amEWR-CDG 7h 05mnonstop 12:20 pm - 2:40 pmCDG-EWR 8h 20mnonstop $537Delta Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Fri, Jan 19 5:59 pm - 10:35 amEWR-CDG 10h 36m1 stop 12:20 pm - 2:40 pmCDG-EWR 8h 20mnonstop $538Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sun, Jan 28 6:20 pm - 7:25 amEWR-CDG 7h 05mnonstop 12:00 pm - 11:38 pmCDG-EWR 17h 38m2 stops $546United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Mon, Dec 18 Show more results Flights from Newark to Paris - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Newark to Paris to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Newark Airport to Paris flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Newark Airport to Paris. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Newark Airport to Paris cost $193 and was between Newark Airport and Paris Orly Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $407. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris? The average price of all flights from Newark Airport to Paris clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris, look for departures on Mondays and avoid leaving on a Friday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Paris, Thursday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Newark Airport to Paris? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Newark Airport to Paris is January, where tickets cost $554 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $881 and $852 respectively. Can I save money by flying with a layover from Newark Airport to Paris? The average price for all non-stop flights, flights with one layover, and flights with two layovers for the route found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks. No, with an average price for the route of $259, prices are generally cheapest when you fly direct. How far in advance should I book a flight from Newark Airport to Paris? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Newark Airport to Paris, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 42 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on French Bee ($193) and Air Caraïbes ($217). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on TAP AIR PORTUGAL ($342) and Scandinavian Airlines ($390). Which airlines fly most frequently between Newark Liberty Airport and Paris? United Airlines connects Newark Liberty Airport to Paris with up to 4 flights per day. Air France also offers 1 flight per day, while La Compagnie follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Newark Airport and Paris? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Newark Airport to Paris. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Newark Airport to Paris. They are: Air France, French Bee, La Compagnie and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with French Bee at $377 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at French Bee. How many flights are there between Newark Airport and Paris per day? Each day, there are between 7 and 8 nonstop flights that take off from Newark Airport and land in Paris, with an average flight time of 7h 10m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening, while the most flights land at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Each week, there are 51 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Monday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Newark Airport and Paris? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris take? Direct flights cover the 3,632 miles separating Newark Liberty Airport to Paris in about 7h 00m. What’s the earliest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Newark Airport at 4:50 pm and will be landing in Paris at 5:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Newark Airport to Paris jets off at 11:00 pm and lands at 12:00 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $186 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 23% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 31% increase in price. Flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from Newark to Paris Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Newark to Paris based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Newark Liberty Airport to Paris flights Which is the best arrival airport if I want to visit the Eiffel Tower? Both Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) and Paris Orly Airport (ORY) are connected to the iconic Eiffel Tower. ORY is closest to this landmark as it lies about 12.8 miles away, while CDG sits approximately 20 miles away. The best way to get there is via the Paris RER train, which regularly runs between the two points at a 10min interval, arriving at Saint-Michel Notre-Dame after 40min. Are there car rentals from Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) to downtown Paris? The convenience and flexibility of exploring Paris in a car are unbeatable, hence the many rental car agencies at CDG. If you arrive from EWR via Terminal 1, the desks are found at the Red Level parking. Travelers arriving through Terminal 2 can access the parking garage through sections C and D. Is there a prayer room at EWR? Newark International Airport (EWR) caters to the needs of religious souls who want a private session with the Almighty before leaving for Paris. The sacred sanctuary at this facility is tucked away from the noisy concourses and sits in Terminal C - between gates C70-99 and 101-115 Where can I store my luggage at Paris Orly Airport (ORY)? If you’ve landed at ORY with excess baggage and want to leave behind some of your bags as you tour Paris, remember that there are storage facilities at this establishment. Locate them in terminal Sud public area near Gate G departures hall. Can I fly from New York to Paris non-stop? Yes, there are nonstop flights offered from Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) on several airlines. There are many nonstop flights from Newark International Airport arriving at Charles de Gaulle International Airport (CDG). The airlines operating these flights include United Airlines, Lufthansa, and Brussels Airlines. If you don't have a nonstop flight, you will most likely have just one layover in Montreal, Brussels, or Munich. How do I reach the city center from Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)? Several public transportation options connect Paris’s city center to the airport. You can take a high-speed train or there are also buses available depending on where you need to be. You can take the RER B rail line from Terminals 1, 2, or 3. The price is about €12 ($14) and you should allow for about an hour of travel time. Bus routes 350 and 351 are about half the price of the rail line but will take just under 90min to reach the center. There is also a night bus in operation if you’re arriving late. You can choose between routes N140 or N143. N140 takes about an hour and a half while N143 takes just about an hour. You also have the option to take a taxi, which you can book in advance if you wish. Are there any hotels close to Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)? Yes, there are many hotels near Charles de Gaulle International Airport. These include the Holiday Inn Express, Innside Paris Charles de Gaulle, ibis Paris, and Yotelair. Shuttle service to and from the airport is provided at many of these hotels. Does Newark International Airport (EWR) provide services for passengers with limited mobility? Yes, there are services for passengers with disabilities at Newark International Airport. All transport services to the airport and within the airport are accessible, along with many other amenities in the airport. If you need special assistance, you can contact the airport ahead of time or look for customer care representatives in red jackets once you arrive at the airport. Do I need a passport to fly between Newark Liberty Airport and Paris? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris? Newark Liberty Airport is served by only 1 airport and there are 3 airports in Paris. You will leave Newark Liberty Airport from Newark and you will be arriving in Paris at one of these airports: Paris Beauvais-Tille, Paris Charles de Gaulle, or Paris Orly. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris? Delta, JetBlue, Air France, and ITA Airways offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Newark Liberty Airport to Paris flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris? The Boeing 777-200/200ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Newark Liberty Airport to Paris flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Newark Liberty Airport and Paris, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris? There are nonstop flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Newark to Paris, Delta or Lufthansa? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Newark to Paris are Delta and Lufthansa. With an average price for the route of $922 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Lufthansa is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $812 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris from Newark Liberty Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris with an airline and back to Newark Liberty Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris from Newark Liberty Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Newark to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $501 or less one-way and $677 or less round-trip. Newark International Airport (EWR) features 3 Terminals, A, B, and C. Terminal B is the main international terminal complemented by three concourses. No walkways connect Terminals A, B, and C. Therefore, travelers use the AirTrain or a Star Alliance shuttle bus. The bus departs every 5-10min. Travelers feeling weary before their departure from Newark Liberty International (EWR) Paris can seek some therapy to relax emotions and calm their nerves. Head to the D_Parture Spa in Terminal C, adjacent to gates 92 and 105, for relaxation and self-indulgence. This outlet specializes in facials, deep tissue massage, manicures, and pedicures. Several airlines run numerous lounges at the Newark International Airport (EWR). If you are flying aboard United Airlines, you’ll find their lounge in Terminal C3, close to C123. Members and holders of special registered cards enjoy unrestricted access to this facility and priority clearance. Nevertheless, Economy Class travelers can access these suites if they agree to pay for the day’s pass. American Airlines allows passengers to bring their pets, such as dogs, cats, and rabbits, into the cabin. However, your four-legged friend must bear the relevant health documentation and valid vaccination certificates. In addition, you must restrain them in their cages during the long haul to prevent them from disturbing other passengers. It might be helpful to check with the airline about the pet entry policy in France. Suppose you arrive early for your scheduled flight from EWR to France. In that case, spare some time and explore various arts and antiques at this terminal. Stop at The Metropolitan Museum of Art Store inside Terminal C if you’re keen to enjoy some crafts. The store features an extensive collection of ornamental gifts representing New York’s landmarks. Newark International Airport (EWR) can be reached by public transportation in a few different ways. You can take the AirTrain, the Express Bus, or the NJ Transit bus. You can also connect to the airport from New York City via the Newark Liberty Airport Express. The city of Paris is served by two major airports: Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) and Orly Airport (ORY). However, most flights you’ll find from Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) will have you arriving at Charles de Gaulle International Airport (CDG). Charles de Gaulle has many services and amenities available for travelers, including visitor information centers. When you land at Charles de Gaulle Airport you will need to change money to euros. You can either use the currency exchange offices located throughout the airport to change cash, or you can withdraw euros directly from an ATM. If you’ll need to park your car at Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR), you can check the availability of parking online. Reserve a parking space to guarantee you’ll have a place to park your car during your trip. If you’re flying direct from Newark to Paris, you will most likely be flying with United Airlines or Lufthansa. If you are a passenger who needs special assistance, contact these airlines ahead of time to let them know so they are prepared to help. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Newark to Paris? Find which airlines fly direct from Newark to Paris, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Newark to Paris Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 Friday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Paris to Newark Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 Friday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, Air France, +10 more Air Canada, Air Caraïbes, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Newark to Paris See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Newark to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Newark to Paris? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82overall 77entertainment 82boarding 79food 78comfort 86crew Airline reviews Pros: "Amazing - they had a full dinner for a 9:55pm flight, with real silverware, complementary alcohol, for economy passengers! Crew extremely professional and efficient."Read more about SWISS Pros: "Amazing - they had a full dinner for a 9:55pm flight, with real silverware, complementary alcohol, for economy passengers! Crew extremely professional and efficient." Pros: "Crew was very nice and attentive" Cons: "Leg room on my first flight (longest leg of the trip) was not much and when the person in front of me leaned their chair back, my knees were touching the chair." Pros: "The crew was great! The entertainment was pretty good too." Cons: "The cabin was WAY too warm." Pros: "Food was good. Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Seats were extremely cramped. Once the person in the front reclined their seat it was very difficult to get out of the seat. Also better guidance is needed during boarding. Finally, my hand carry was checked 4 times by 4 different people, which means your staff doesn’t trust their own colleagues." Cons: "Despite listing items desired for breakfast per seat assignment, flight attendant still got it wrong." Pros: "A very friendly and attentive crew and a decent meal. Comfort is still iffy in coach but better than most American airlines. Good selection of movies to pass the time." Cons: "Seats in coach are cramped and some have an electrical box under the seat in front of you, so there is no room for your legs or carry on bag. Bathrooms keep getting smaller to jam in more seats." Pros: "The movies were good, the food was good. Servers were kind and helpful. Clean and overall positive flight." Cons: "Several delays and gate changes." Pros: "Good flight with Swiss friendliness. They even passed out food (sandwich) during this very short flight." Cons: "Nothing, really!" Cons: "The way the movies, needed extra parts. No touch screen" Cons: "I was sitting on seat # 25 A : The distance between the seats in rows # 24 and # 25 was about 6 Inches less than between the other seat rows in front of us and across the isle thus making it VERY uncomfortable when the seat in front was in the sleeping condition. Peter M. Endriss" Cons: "Not enough room with the seats if someone reclines in front of you." Cons: "Don't call it "food." the meals were terrible. Also stop creating so much single use plastic." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Nothing worked. Charging station. Tv. They charge for everything. Customer service is poor. I get Way more for my money flying a budget airline!" Pros: "The food was good The crew was fantastic, friendly and accommodating Flight was on time" Cons: "I was near the bathroom.. stank a bit" Pros: "Landed safely." Cons: "Late departure. Almost missed connection. Even though we planned a decent amount of time between flights. Always something causing delays when we leave from Newark." Pros: "The crew was awesome and helped out tremendously when anything was needed!" Cons: "Our flight was changed/delayed because of smoke detector problems!! We lost a whole day on the trip and we are very upset" Pros: "The Delta check-in at RDU was terribly understaffed with only 2 agents handling baggage drop-off for a fully booked Boeing 757. I waited over 1 hour and got to the gate at the last minute. Poorly managed! The flight crew was great though! Very attentive service even in the economy class!" Cons: "The food could be better." Pros: "Easy boarding, great service from the flight crew, and excellent food and drink service. Seats were comfortable and plenty of entertainment options for a long flight" Cons: "After fully boarding the plane, we all had to leave because the air conditioning failed. We've traveled five times on Delta this year and every trip has had a significant delay." Pros: "The flight crew & the flight itself was great." Cons: "The flight was delayed by 4 hours. Not only did I miss my connecting flight, but I also missed my rescheduled flight. I had to wait another 7 hours in the airport waiting for a flight. And due to this I missed an important meeting." Pros: "Great crew, food, entertainment and drinks." Cons: "Only thing that could be improved is comfort. They provide a small pillow and blanket, but even with those, it is very difficult to sleep." Cons: "On our layover in Munich, we were at our gate, then noticed about 30 minutes prior to boarding that they’d moved us to another gate quite far away, so we hurried to the new gate, only to discover the change was an error, and we had to run back to our original gate. Made it, but annoyed." Cons: "The flight was delayed several times and we were kept waiting at the gate without knowing when exactly we will leave." Pros: "This space intentionally left blank" Cons: "For starters, they sat my 12 year old daughter 6 rows away and both of us in center seats so no one would switch with us. Mid flight, my daughter asked to switch with me since the guy next to her kept asking personal questions and was making her uncomfortable. Second, the in flight entertainment did not work. Third, I had pre-ordered a diabetic meal, they “think they may have given it to someone else.” Fourth, one hour delay making for a tight connection. And finally... they lost my suitcase. Should arrive in a few days." Pros: "The efficiency and kindness of the flight attendants made the trip enjoyable. The water service really helped with dehydration. Also, the food was EXCELLENT, which you don't often hear on a flight. My seat was comfortable and the movie and television selections was great. Will ABSOLUTELY fly with them again!" Cons: "Our flight was 9 hours late. We were given no notice of this until we arrived at the gate. it took an hour if holding before we could reach customer service. Customer service at our arrival gate was extremely slow. Baggage claim closed before my daughter’s luggage was released and it was lost until the next day. Our connecting flight was booked incorrectly do we had to spend the night in Frankfurt. Our 13 hour flight took 29 hours. The food was awful." Pros: "Friendly flight attendants, good wine, good entertainment (which I actually don't watch), beautiful airplane, A 340, especially the downstairs restrooms." Cons: "Very uncomfortable seats, minimal leg room, mediocre food." Pros: "The staff was good to me when I became ill on the flight with a migraine." Cons: "When I paid for my seat in advance it said I had an exit row, but when I got on the flight it was not. The food was also horrible." Cons: "Pathetic food, and really rude crew by the standards of an international flight." Pros: "Amazing crew, fast boarding." Cons: "Uninspired food. I was served the same meals 30 years ago." Pros: "All good." Cons: "Gluten free meal was selected and paid for before the flight, but for some reason the crew didn't have the option available for me once on board. Nevertheless, they tried to be their best. More drink's without extra charge. Follow Lufthansa service and all will be grand." Pros: "Great food, typically on time and very prompt. entertainment was good. It was an older plane so the actual screens and monitors or outdated." Cons: "There were several babies crying for at least 2/3 hours and of course it is not the fault of the crew or airline. But that definitely left a lot of people dissatisfied with an overnight flight in which we are hoping to rest before arriving in Copenhagen. Seats are getting smaller and smaller. Spaces are very tight but that seems to be the norm with all airlines" Cons: "Upon landing in EWR on United, per my reservation on this site my connection was on SAS to Copenhagen. Upon arrival in EWR, I received an email from this site saying my SAS flight "may be canceled". I immediately headed to the terminal where SAS was and went into the lounge to speak to an agent. The women I spoke to could not have been more rude. She told me my flight was canceled and that she did not have access to any details because that was United's responsibility. I told her that could not be the case because my flight was on SAS so if they canceled the flight, I would like to understand what my options are given that I had a tight window upon arrival into my final destination into Dubrovnik so I could not be too late in landing outside of my original reservation. She told me that I had to talk to United and did not even acknowledge why there was a cancellation or anything other than the SAS flight I was on was cancelled. She barely even helped me to understand where my luggage was which I was very concerned would be lost given the issue with the flight cancellation. As a result of all of this, it turns out I was put onto a United flight that now had MORE connections. I had to now go to Frankfurt to Vienna to Dubrovnik, all with really tight connections AND now I no longer was on the same flight as my friend who I was traveling with. SAS did not help with any of this or care to assist in ANY way. They told me it was out of their hands and I had to talk to United. AWFUL service when SAS had cancelled the flight! I had no choice but to take the re-routed flights. I ended up running to my gates and barely catching all of my connections which made for a very stressful travel experience to start my long awaited vacation. After paying the high cost I did for my flight, I am extremely frustrated with my experience as I ended up having more connections, tight connections, awful customer service and a really stressful trip. This is NOT would I would expect for how much I paid and out of the quality of an airline. I would like to receive some type of compensation for the extreme inconvenience of landing 3+ hours after my original arrival time, being broken up with my friend who I was traveling with, not being given any options for my travel, terrible customer service assistance, and no acknowledgement from SAS to help me in any way." Pros: "On time and clean airline." Cons: "Not helpful with stroller. Wanted us to sign off that they were not responsible for if stroller broke while handling it. Insane. They said it “might “ to big even though they didn’t know what measurements would be too big. We’ve flown for the last 3 years with this stroller but different airlines and never heard of such thing. (Since it’s the smallest city mini double stroller there is and folds flat- super small!) first time we flew SAS all. We didn’t sign anything and gate checked it and all was fine but some incompetent crew at check in. Not very helpful finding seats with all four of us. Put us in different rows. Could work on their customer service for sure." Pros: "The 7 hr trip to Copenhagen was rough. The seats are too close together. My knees hit the seat in front of me even without reclining. When the seat in front of me reclined the tv screen was 6” away from my face. It was next to impossible to get out of the seat." Cons: "Legroom." Pros: "Left on time. 50 minutes early in Copenhagen. Food was not bad." Cons: "TSA at EWR was ridiculous. Slow lines and very inefficient." Cons: "We arrived late in Copenhagen and I had 20 minutes to catch my connecting flight. Even though I was checked-in for the Copenhagen to Athens flight it left without me. I was then transferred through Prague to get to Athens and again missed my connecting flight through there. Now I am stuck in Prague looking for a flight to Athens and most likely will miss my next flight from Athens to Karpathos and will again be stuck in Athens because there are no flights out to Karpathos until 19 of May, 3days from now. I was physically in the Copenhagen airport and could have made that flight, I feel that since I was already checked in they should have waited for me and allowed me to board. Now I will Be missing work!" Pros: "Boarding was quick and easy. Decent amount of overhead space. The pilot was friendly. USB ports for charging phones at the seat. Free bottle of water at your seat." Cons: "No overhead fan. When flight got really hot, no way to moderate temperature. No choice of food at all, unless you are in economy plus. I don't remember the last time that a trans-Atlantic flight had at least a meant, or fish, or vegetarian dish. Usually, at least two or three dishes. On SAS, everything has to be ordered ahead of time. Some of the flight attendants were friendly, some not so friendly. No free alcoholic drinks even with dinner. Limited regular drinks - they are only served with food, aside from that you have to purchase even the non-alcoholic drinks. The food just wasn't very good, even compared to other airline food. Compared to other companies, relatively small selection of entertainment. I had considerably more choice on a domestic flight than on a 9 hr. international SAS flight. Storage pockets at the seat are pretty small." Cons: "The flight from EWR to Oslo was delayed by over 2 hours which meant I would miss my next connection... and I understand that happens sometimes. But, it was after hours on the airline number phone number and the fly.com customer service could not help with finding an alternate connection from Oslo to FRA. It was frustrating to then have to wait at Oslo airport for another 4 hours before the new connecting flight." L’équipe a été super serviable avec mon enfant de 11 mois. Un petit cadeau l attendait dans l avion, petits pots etc… Went in with low expectations based on other reviews/the fact that this is a budget airline, but I was pleasantly surprised! Everything went smoothly, seats were comfortable, food was not bad for airplane food, and of course the price of the flight was fantastic. The only real negatives I can think of are that the plane is a bit on the older side (think 2012-ish era planes, not a huge deal), wifi is a bit expensive, and the movie catalog is mediocre. But that is to be expected on a budget airline (I was honestly surprised they had free movies). I would definitely fly again. No organization when it came to checking in and boarding. If you have diet restrictions make sure to plan ahead. Cons: "I would suggest not taking a middle seat if you are looking for comfort. Once people start to sleep you are completely stuck and no more reapect for personal space. Would definitely recommend an aisle or window seat on such a long flight" Pros: "The ground staff speak very little english,at first they could not find my reservation and took almost 1/2h just to retrieve bookings. Other than that great experiences." Pros: "Excellent Staff on board, comfortable seats, very good food" Cons: "Staff at the orly check in desk were as unhelpfull and unfriendly as possible, luckily the airline crew helped us to accommodate my 83 y/o mother to a more adequat seat" Pros: "A l'heure" Cons: "Le service bagages aà Orly a oublié de me rendre ma pièce d'identité alors que j'étais pressée de prendre le train... m'a laissé un message, mais pas de nouvelles depuis alors qu'il devait me rappeler ..." Cons: "The airline canceled the original flight. They then rescheduled the flight to a date and time that I could not accept. I called and notified the travel agency and was first told I'd be refunded but then received another reschedule notice. That flight was also eventually canceled. The airline rescheduled me to another flight ( number 3 at this point) which I clearly told them, over there phone, twice, that I could not accept. I was told they would check with the airline to see if I could have a refund. I later received an email that said I would not get a refund for lack of communicating that I would not accept the rescheduled flight. Horrible horrible horrible experience. Worst travel related experience I've had with an airline and travel agency." Pros: "Movies and fruit juices" Cons: "The crew made us feel like we were too much, flight were late, sits uncomfortable and disgusting with chocolate everywhere from the last flight" Pros: "Excellent Staff, comfortable seats, very good food." Cons: "Delays of 2 hours at the departure from Port au Prince." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Lufthansa7.8 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Air Caraïbes7.4 Book cheap flights from Newark to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Newark to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/31Wed 1 stop 20h 35mEWR-CDG $186 Search 1/20Sat 1 stop 15h 17mEWR-CDG $190 Search 1/8Mon nonstopFrench Bee 7h 00mEWR-ORY $193 Search 12/6Wed nonstopFrench Bee 7h 00mEWR-ORY $195 Search 1/20Sat nonstopAir Caraïbes 7h 00mEWR-ORY $217 Search 1/15Mon nonstopAir Caraïbes 7h 00mEWR-ORY $218 Search 1/9Tue nonstopDelta 7h 05mEWR-CDG $452 Search 12/10Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 7h 05mEWR-CDG $454 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopDelta 10h 35mEWR-CDG $456 Search 1/6Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 33h 26mEWR-CDG $469 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrench BeeAir CaraïbesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$190 or less$200 or less$220 or less$450 or less$470 or less Last minute flights from Newark to Paris Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Newark to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 18h 55mEWR-CDG 2/1Thu multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 29h 20mCDG-EWR $415 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 12h 30mEWR-CDG 12/6Wed multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 25h 10mCDG-EWR $422 Search 12/2Sat nonstopFrench Bee 7h 00mEWR-ORY 12/9Sat nonstopFrench Bee 8h 20mORY-EWR $425 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 18h 55mEWR-CDG 12/8Fri multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 25h 10mCDG-EWR $426 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAir Caraïbes 7h 00mEWR-ORY 12/8Fri nonstopAir Caraïbes 8h 20mORY-EWR $427 Search 12/1Fri nonstopFrench Bee 7h 00mEWR-ORY 12/6Wed nonstopFrench Bee 8h 20mORY-EWR $439 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAir Caraïbes 7h 00mEWR-ORY 12/8Fri nonstopAir Caraïbes 8h 20mORY-EWR $488 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 26h 56mEWR-CDG 12/13Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 24h 52mCDG-EWR $526 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 28h 55mEWR-CDG 12/11Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 31h 11mCDG-EWR $531 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 11h 25mEWR-CDG 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 13h 11mCDG-EWR $551 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineScandinavian AirlinesFrench BeeAir CaraïbesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$420 or less$430 or less$440 or less$530 or less$550 or less Newark Liberty Airport - Paris Flights Departure: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Return flight deals: Paris - Newark Liberty Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris $2,216 Business Class flights to Paris $1,037 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris $407 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport $342Flights from Newark Airport to Paris Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris $512Flights to Paris Beauvais-Tille Airport, Paris $359Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris $342Flights to Paris Orly Airport, Paris Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Paris flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris from Newark Liberty Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Paris from Newark Liberty Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.