Cheap Flights from London Heathrow to Paris from $61 | (LHR - PAR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LHR - PAR Find cheap flights from London Heathrow Airport to Paris from $61 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 4/24. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from London to Paris, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from London to Paris, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Heathrow to Paris?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Heathrow to Paris that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:35 pm - 8:55 pmLHR-CDG 1h 20mnonstop 10:10 pm - 10:20 pmCDG-LHR 1h 10mnonstop $104British Airways Find Deal Tue, Apr 9 - Wed, Apr 10 3:05 pm - 5:25 pmLHR-CDG 1h 20mnonstop 10:10 pm - 10:20 pmCDG-LHR 1h 10mnonstop $108British Airways Find Deal Mon, Apr 8 - Wed, Apr 10 5:15 pm - 7:35 pmLHR-CDG 1h 20mnonstop 10:10 pm - 10:20 pmCDG-LHR 1h 10mnonstop $109British Airways Find Deal Wed, Apr 24 - Wed, Apr 24 11:30 am - 1:50 pmLHR-CDG 1h 20mnonstop 10:00 am - 10:30 amCDG-LHR 1h 30mnonstop $124Air France Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sat, Jan 27 6:20 am - 8:40 amLHR-CDG 1h 20mnonstop 4:10 pm - 4:35 pmCDG-LHR 1h 25mnonstop $152Air France Find Deal Mon, Jan 1 - Wed, Jan 17 8:40 am - 1:40 pmLHR-CDG 4h 00m1 stop 10:00 am - 10:30 amCDG-LHR 1h 30mnonstop $163 Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sun, Jan 21 6:20 am - 8:40 amLHR-CDG 1h 20mnonstop 2:30 pm - 5:00 pmCDG-LHR 3h 30m1 stop $167 Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Sun, Jan 14 5:10 pm - 10:15 pmLHR-CDG 4h 05m1 stop 3:00 pm - 5:50 pmCDG-LHR 3h 50m1 stop $176SWISS Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sat, Jan 20 1:45 pm - 6:50 pmLHR-CDG 4h 05m1 stop 7:25 am - 1:00 pmCDG-LHR 6h 35m1 stop $177SWISS Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sat, Jan 27 9:15 am - 6:40 pmLHR-ORY 8h 25m1 stop 7:25 am - 5:15 pmORY-LHR 10h 50m1 stop $632Vueling Find Deal Mon, Dec 25 - Sun, Dec 31 Show more results Flights from Heathrow to Paris - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Heathrow to Paris to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest London Heathrow Airport to Paris flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from London Heathrow Airport to Paris. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from London Heathrow Airport to Paris cost $69 and was between London Heathrow Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $120. What is the cheapest month to fly from London Heathrow Airport to Paris? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from London Heathrow Airport to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from London Heathrow Airport to Paris is January, where tickets cost $105 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and April, where the average cost of tickets is $177 and $153 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from London Heathrow Airport to Paris? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from London Heathrow Airport to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from London Heathrow Airport to Paris, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 87 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from London Heathrow Airport to Paris? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on British Airways ($61) and Air France ($79). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on British Airways ($104) and Air France ($124). Which airlines fly non-stop between London Heathrow Airport and Paris? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from London Heathrow Airport to Paris. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from London Heathrow Airport to Paris. They are Air France and British Airways. The cheapest airline for this route is British Airways, with the best one-way deal found costing $122. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at British Airways. How many flights are there between London Heathrow Airport and Paris per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 12 nonstop flights that take off from London Heathrow Airport and land in Paris, with an average flight time of 1h 20m. The most common departure time is 7:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Each week, there are 50 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 24% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between London Heathrow Airport and Paris? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from London Heathrow Airport to Paris take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Paris from London Heathrow Airport is typically 1h 15m. The journey crosses a distance of 219 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from London Heathrow Airport to Paris? Early birds can take the earliest flight from London Heathrow Airport at 6:20 am and will be landing in Paris at 8:40 am. What’s the latest departure time from London Heathrow Airport to Paris? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from London Heathrow Airport to Paris jets off at 8:50 pm and lands at 11:10 pm. Good to know Low season June High season August Cheapest flight $61 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 6% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 10% increase in price. Flight from London Heathrow Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from Heathrow to Paris Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Heathrow to Paris based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking London Heathrow Airport to Paris flights What flight route options are available from London Heathrow to Paris? There are flights from London Heathrow to Paris Charles De Gaulle, Paris Orly and Paris Beauvais Airport daily. You'll only find direct flights between Heathrow and Paris Charles De Gaulle. If you're flying to Paris Orly, you'll find several flights with a single layover in places like Dublin, Nice and Madrid. If you're flying to Paris Beauvais Airport, you'll typically have a layover in Dublin en route. How do I get to the city centre from Paris Charles De Gaulle Airport? There are three options to get to the city centre from Charles de Gaulle Airport. A cheap way to get there is to hop on a regional RER train from the main station, near Terminal 3, and it'll take close to 50min. The next cheapest option is to jump on a bus from outside the arrival gates of T1, T2 and T3, which will get you to the city in around 1h 30min. A more convenient but also more expensive option is to grab a taxi from outside of the arrival gates. Do I need a visa to visit Paris? Despite the UK leaving the EU, if you're a British citizen with a full passport, you don't need to apply for a visa to visit Paris, provided you don't stay in France longer than 90 days. Be aware that you will need a passport that's valid for at least six months after your departure date, and it cannot be more than 10 years old. Does Paris Orly have on-site hotels? There are no on-site hotels currently available at Orly Airport, but there are several accommodation options close by that offer free shuttle services if you book with them. A few of these are Novotel Paris Coeur d'Orly Airport, Hotel ibis Budget Paris Coeur d'Orly Airport, and ibis Paris Coeur d'Orly Airport. Do I need a passport to fly between London Heathrow Airport and Paris? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in London Heathrow Airport and on arrival in Paris. Which airports will I be using when flying from London Heathrow Airport to Paris? When flying out of London Heathrow Airport you will be using London Heathrow. You will be landing at one of these airports: Paris Charles de Gaulle or Paris Orly. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from London Heathrow Airport to Paris? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the London Heathrow Airport to Paris flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from London Heathrow Airport to Paris? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between London Heathrow Airport and Paris, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from London Heathrow Airport to Paris? There are nonstop flights from London Heathrow Airport to Paris on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from London to Paris, Air France or British Airways? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from London to Paris are Air France and British Airways. With an average price for the route of $256 and an overall rating of 7.4, Air France is the most popular choice. British Airways is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $210 and an overall rating of 7.3. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from London Heathrow Airport to Paris? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from London Heathrow Airport to Paris. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from London Heathrow Airport to Paris? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris from London Heathrow Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from London Heathrow Airport to Paris? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris with an airline and back to London Heathrow Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from London Heathrow Airport to Paris? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris from London Heathrow Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from London to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $97 or less one-way and $163 or less round-trip. If you're based in the city centre, a quick way to get to London Heathrow International Airport (LHR) is to take the Heathrow Express train from London Paddington Station, which leaves roughly every 15min and will take around 15min. A convenient way to get to the airport is by airport taxi, but this can also be quite costly. If you're travelling with small kids, you'll be glad to know that London Heathrow provides children's play areas in all the terminals, where they can keep themselves entertained. The play areas include soft play sections, slides and colouring books. Baby-changing facilities can be found in all terminals by following the signage. If you want to avoid the long queues at security when checking in at Heathrow, the airport offers a Fast Track service. This priority service can be prebooked and allows you to bypass other passengers for a nominal fee by using a priority lane through the security. There are three airports in Paris you can fly to from London Heathrow. The most frequent flights are between Heathrow and Paris Charles de Gaulle (CDG), the most well-known airport. Paris Orly (ORY) is a little smaller but also easier to navigate and usually has cheaper flights. If you're staying close to Tille, Paris Beauvais–Tille Airport (BVA) usually receives at least one flight a day and is the closest to this area. An easy way to get to Paris city centre from Orly Airport is to take a taxi for about 35min. Taking a train from Orly-Sud or Orly-Ouest up the escalator from the arrivals gate will generally get you to the city centre in under an hour and cost much less than a taxi. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from London Heathrow to Paris? Find which airlines fly direct from Heathrow to Paris, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures London Heathrow to Paris Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Paris to London Heathrow Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +9 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +11 more 9 10 Friday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +9 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +10 more 8 9 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +9 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +10 more 8 9 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Heathrow to Paris See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from London to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Heathrow to Paris? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9112 reviews 86crew 77entertainment 78comfort 82overall 82boarding 79food Airline reviews Thank you to the cordial crew and good hydration throughout the flight, food was good too. Carry ons usually weight by themselves so it does reduce option for cold weather clothes that are heavy, so carryon weight is tight.Read more about SWISS Thank you to the cordial crew and good hydration throughout the flight, food was good too. Carry ons usually weight by themselves so it does reduce option for cold weather clothes that are heavy, so carryon weight is tight. Pros: "Seats were comfortable" Cons: "Please make an announcement to passengers to not be dismissive if their surroundings. Passenger in front of me was has no regard for people behind him. Kept throwing himself in seat aggressively which cause water/food on trail to fall over. Thanks" Pros: "The crew was pleasant and worked very hard to keep our stomachs full! I loved all the free movies!" Cons: "You could have had my luggage arrive. Now I don’t know where it is" Pros: "It was a lovely easy flight, always lovely flying star alliance." Cons: "Such a quick flight, everything was appropriate for that. Unsure exactly what would make it better" Pros: "friendly and helpful crew" Cons: "organise priority exit when we have a delayed arrival, so that those who have a train or flight connection can get out quicker" Cons: "Boarding time needs to be longer. Also, too little time between connecting flights." Pros: "Really good flight. Clean,on time, efficient. Early arrival even" Pros: "On time! Courteous. Free meal! Even on flight less than 2 hours!" Cons: "All good!" Cons: "I was asked to check my carry-on. I have used this carry-on more than 50x without an issue. I have even put it in the smaller compartments on smaller Bombardier jets. I don't have an issue with being asked to check luggage, but I resent being asked when others are allowed to take their carry-on onto to the plane without issue. Right in front of me while I was waiting for a baggage tag, others were being checked in with carry-on equal to mine and allowed to take it onto the plane. I can only surmise that my ticket limited me to one bag onto the plane, although they would not tell me this. This was not clear when I booked the ticket nor when I checked in on-line. I had a 40 minute connection in Zurich so was very concerned that my luggage would not make it. Luckily, it did make it to my next stop. Swiss Air seems to have different restrictions than other airlines which I have encountered before. I take ownership that I should be aware of a tickets restrictions but this was a multi-leg trip (5). However, I will tend to avoid Swiss air in the future, to avoid having to research their unique restrictions." Pros: "Very smooth boarding on both flights, a smooth transfer between flights, and comfortable seats (especially nice flexible headrest on longhaul flight). Very friendly and helpful crew." Cons: "Movies available weren't to my taste, which isn't important anyway." Cons: "Buses to and from the plane. One driver left us in a full bus waiting for 20 minutes. When we arrived in Vienna, there was no bus to pick us up. We had to wait in the plane until one showed up." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "They lost our bags, twice! We had 4 pieces of luggage that were checked together. They flew out of the same airport we did. They lost 3 out of the 4 bags, but assured me all 3 were on the very next flight. The next flight came in but only 2 more had been put on that flight. Still waiting on 4th..." Pros: "Flight was relatively empty today, therefore boarding was smooth and easy. I had a row to myself.. Smoothest landing ever... just a lucky day" Pros: "Clean aircraft, polite crew." Cons: "1. Check-In , Check-In , check-In .. automated much more time consuming and probably costly. 2. Delayed flight (as usual) .. 6.am D.T. should either mean 6.00 or 6.05 or 6.10 ... but not 6.30. 3. Very tight connection flights in Vienna, so a slight delay could mean missed connection. 4. Food" Pros: "The Austrian Airlines crew was great, very courteous, very professional and friendly. The food service was also excellent." Cons: "My complaints go to something not directly linked to the flight crew. 1. When boarding, I like to see when passengers are called in groups relating to distant seats in the plane such that they do not step over each other during luggage placement. That is more comfortable than let the crowd enter randomly. 2. I notice people enter the cabin with 2, even 3 pieces of luggage. Even though each one has proper dimensions, they overload the overhead compartments and it is hard for everybody to place his/her belongings in a suitable way. 3. The rows in the airplane seems to have gotten closer ti each other. It is not the airlines fault, except perhaps when choosing whose airplanes to buy...but again, there are only two major contenders in that segment. For overseas flights, it is pretty uncomfy. 4. Lastly, unboarding the plane could also be performed (enforced by the crew) to be in a more civil fashion rather than haveing5 a stampedo - again calling separate grouos of rows in the name of fairness, or simply vacating it row by row from the front to back." Pros: "Seats more comfortable." Cons: "Flight left late. Unboarding took a long time. Didn't hold connecting flight, missed it. Now on 5 hr wait and may miss airport transit." Pros: "Very good drink service (one cold and one hot drink)" Pros: "Nothing so far" Cons: "Our luggage did not make it in a 2nd flight. We had to fill out many many many oaoers st Odessa airport It took 1,5 hours & our ride to hotel did not wait for us & left. Some other taxi driver gave ya a ride & charged ys $50 rather than $20 that ya the cost of our reserved ride. When we got to our hotel, we had to pay $20 for the transfer to hotel even though he left. Now we have no toothbrush or any change of clothes & hopefully we will get our luggage tomorrow after 2pm" Pros: "Crew were amazing" Cons: "Delayed at boarding Delayed inside plane No entertainment No room for my long legs - no option" Cons: "Over 2 hours late, and this flight has been late 6 of the last 7 days" Pros: "Brand new very nice/comfortable planes. Great routes and flight departure/arrive times. Really great value." Cons: "They’re a budget airline so they nickel and dime you for food and beverage. They are not a member of “sky team” so if they have a flight delay or cancellation they will not book you on another airline." Pros: "None of the above. I actually liked nothing about this trip. Took off at London in time for Frankfurt, arrived early, but missed the connection to Tel Aviv. So I had to be routed to Munich to catch a 10:30 pm flight, which arrives at 3 am Sunday. So I wasted the entire day, starved, exhausted." Cons: "Proper connection time. I lost the entire day, and now have to get a cab for $100 instead of my colleague meeting me. 3 am is impossible. And I am still not in Tel Aviv." Cons: "The entertainment system broke down completely on the whole plane and the crew was sort of grumpy." Cons: "Boarding by rows would avoid people rushing to line up ahead of time." Pros: "The crew were super friendly. There was plenty of space and I slept for a few hours" Pros: "Lots of entertainment from music to podcasts to movies and tv. Food was good!" Cons: "The flight was quite cold! More teas and coffee instead of cold drinks. Couldn’t tell if there was WiFi or not :/" Cons: "Delayed flight - but it’s ok since I got to my final destination safely. It wasn’t a very long delay." Cons: "There was not enough room for all the people’s cabin size luggage. They allowed people to get on board with big coats once they’re in the plain they take off the coats and place them up. Those coats take the same space as a small suitcase. I asked the fly attendants for assistance and they didn’t even pretend to care about the situation. I had to put my luggage under the seat for the entire flight, which ended up reducing the very reduced legroom. What this airline is trying to do is; to charge passengers twice for cabin size luggage. This has been my worst experiences with airlines. Lufthansa is definitely an airline to avoid." Cons: "Online check-in did not work. When I checked in at the airport, I received only a middle seat." It didn't happen. SAS csncrlled and it was very difficult to convince the 3rd party they did. Not good on the 3rd party program. I don't think they trust their customers, much less being able to help them. I have had several nitemaes using 3rd party this trip and WILL NEVER use 3rd party again. Little space and no pad provide for lie flat seats in business, Movies were limited and grouping very strange. Pros: "SAS is excellent in terms of comfort and professionalism and care from the crew." Cons: "None" Pros: "Crew pleasant, operations efficient." Cons: "Main course - chicken and potatoes with tomato sauce- was not very interesting, or very Scandinavian." Pros: "Good service from flight deck and cabin crew. Clean and comfortable" Cons: "Take-off was nearly an hour late. No complimentary food and coffee was instant and very average." Pros: "Great movies." Cons: "Special menus are impossible to get unless you book directly with SAS. Arrived starved and angry after 8 hour flight." Pros: "Seats are pretty comfortably and spacious for economy class (I’m small though, so take that with a grain of salt). The lunch was pretty solid, would have preferred a hot breakfast. The vegetarian breakfast was grilled veggies with fruit and yogurt on the side, kind of a mish-mash of things." Cons: "- Would have liked a better breakfast - More entertainment with subtitles (esp foreign films) - More entertainment selection" Cons: "Handling of delay: - Massive delays and time wasted with individual case handling at the transfer centre in CPH when a more efficient group/bulk handling of passengers on the same flight with similar cases would make more sense. Handling of baggage during the delay. Un-necessary additional delays with baggage handling due to poor management." Cons: "SAS has introduced hand luggage measurement and weighing at checkin, for a maximum of 17.5 lbs or 8 kg. SAS does not care if you have flown on another transatlantic carrier, which allows more than 8 kg. Then you need to start emptying your hand luggage at checkin. The whole checkin process was a big mess, the contract employees eg. at Heathrow do not help much (they probably do not do this to any other airline). SAS staff does not remind you to take your IDs and passport, medications etc. from your hand luggage, which is then checkedin luggage as opposed to hand luggage. It is obvious that transatlantic passengers have more hand luggage than many local passengers." Cons: "Internet page for buying excess baggage was difficult to understand." On the flight back the seats where very uncomfortable, they where so bad that my back started to hurt after the first 2 hours. I can sit in a wooden chair for 2 hours. But these where just horrible, it just shows how cheap the airline has become. And the cabin was heated all those people in a heated cabin during a night flight. It was clear the climate control was not working. To top that off you are not even offered a glass of water, these people are animals. We purchased a Go First Pass for 10 Euros each so we could board first, but everyone was able to board at the same time so we wasted 20 Euros. The flight left ab out 15 minutes late and was not allowed to land at Healthrow so we had to circle Heathrow for about 45 minutes. This caused us to almost miss our flight from Heathrow to Atlanta. Severely delayed with no notice. Could have arrived at the airport hours later had we been informed of the delay Once the boarding sign went on and all passengers gathered in line, we were left waiting standing up for almost an hour because there was a delay. It would be nice to have vegan options for meals. The entertainment was not working on the the way to Austria. It was only available near the end of flight to Canada. The service was excellent. The business class layout on this plane is tightly packed and atrocious with no sense of privacy. Flight was meant to leave at 8:30pm but there was a 2 hour delay 😞 Airmalta does not include meals in their flights and neither offers entertainment. Pros: "The crew was amazing and took measures to make the flight Covid safe" Cons: "The food was not the best and Twistees weren't available. Also the seats felt narrow" Pros: "I didn’t like anything" Cons: "The female FA gave me an attitude when I asked about moving to a window seat" SWISS8.0 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Air Malta7.4 Book cheap flights from London to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from London to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 4/24Wed nonstopBritish Airways 1h 20mLHR-CDG $61 Search 3/4Mon nonstopBritish Airways 1h 20mLHR-CDG $65 Search 1/13Sat nonstopAir France 1h 20mLHR-CDG $79 Search 1/14Sun nonstopAir France 1h 25mLHR-CDG $80 Search 1/13Sat 1 stop 9h 15mLHR-ORY $95 Search 2/19Mon 1 stopIberia 6h 55mLHR-ORY $96 Search 3/6Wed 1 stopIberia 7h 00mLHR-CDG $96 Search 5/14Tue 1 stop 19h 15mLHR-ORY $97 Search 12/8Fri 1 stopITA Airways 18h 25mLHR-CDG $112 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopITA Airways 18h 45mLHR-CDG $113 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineBritish AirwaysAir FranceIberiaITA Airways Search by price$70 or less$80 or less$100 or less$100 or less$110 or less Last minute flights from Heathrow to Paris Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from London to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat nonstopBritish Airways 1h 15mLHR-CDG 12/2Sat nonstopBritish Airways 1h 20mCDG-LHR $113 Search 12/2Sat nonstopBritish Airways 1h 25mLHR-CDG 12/2Sat nonstopBritish Airways 1h 35mCDG-LHR $115 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAir France 1h 20mLHR-CDG 12/7Thu nonstopAir France 1h 20mCDG-LHR $167 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAir France 1h 20mLHR-CDG 12/3Sun nonstopAir France 1h 25mCDG-LHR $189 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 3h 25mLHR-CDG 12/13Wed nonstop 1h 25mCDG-LHR $194 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 3h 25mLHR-CDG 12/11Mon nonstop 1h 25mCDG-LHR $195 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 5h 20mLHR-CDG 12/7Thu multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 5h 25mCDG-LHR $236 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 7h 25mLHR-CDG 12/4Mon multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 5h 25mCDG-LHR $241 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopBrussels Airlines 14h 25mLHR-CDG 12/9Sat multi-stopBrussels Airlines 11h 35mCDG-LHR $244 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopBrussels Airlines 19h 35mLHR-CDG 12/9Sat multi-stopBrussels Airlines 13h 10mCDG-LHR $267 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineBritish AirwaysAir FranceScandinavian AirlinesBrussels Airlines Search by price$120 or less$190 or less$200 or less$240 or less$270 or less London Heathrow Airport - Paris Flights Departure: London Heathrow Airport (LHR)United Kingdom Return flight deals: Paris - London Heathrow Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris $355 Business Class flights to Paris $1,137 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris $120 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » London » London Heathrow Airport $101Flights from London Heathrow Airport to Paris Browse destinations: Flights » Paris $101Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris $201Flights to Paris Orly Airport, Paris Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Paris flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris from London Heathrow Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Paris from London Heathrow Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.