Cheap Flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale from $31 | (IND - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW IND - FLL Find cheap flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale from $31 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/8. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel sáb. 12/30 sáb. 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:53 pm - 12:32 amIND-FLL 2h 39mnonstop 9:21 am - 12:13 pmFLL-IND 2h 52mnonstop $74Spirit Airlines Find Deal lun., feb. 5 - jue., feb. 8 7:42 pm - 10:26 pmIND-FLL 2h 44mnonstop 9:20 am - 12:12 pmFLL-IND 2h 52mnonstop $75Spirit Airlines Find Deal lun., ene. 8 - jue., ene. 11 7:42 pm - 10:26 pmIND-FLL 2h 44mnonstop 7:10 pm - 10:03 pmFLL-IND 2h 53mnonstop $76Spirit Airlines Find Deal lun., ene. 8 - mié., ene. 10 6:39 am - 9:20 amIND-FLL 2h 41mnonstop 8:20 pm - 11:12 pmFLL-IND 2h 52mnonstop $77Spirit Airlines Find Deal mié., ene. 31 - sáb., feb. 3 10:20 pm - 12:54 amIND-FLL 2h 34mnonstop 6:38 pm - 9:25 pmFLL-IND 2h 47mnonstop $81Spirit Airlines Find Deal dom., feb. 4 - vie., feb. 9 7:42 pm - 10:26 pmIND-FLL 2h 44mnonstop 7:10 pm - 10:03 pmFLL-IND 2h 53mnonstop $82Spirit Airlines Find Deal vie., ene. 5 - mié., ene. 10 10:20 pm - 12:54 amIND-FLL 2h 34mnonstop 9:21 am - 12:13 pmFLL-IND 2h 52mnonstop $83Spirit Airlines Find Deal vie., feb. 2 - jue., feb. 8 1:56 pm - 4:51 pmIND-FLL 2h 55mnonstop 6:50 am - 9:42 amFLL-IND 2h 52mnonstop $97 Find Deal sáb., ene. 6 - mar., ene. 9 7:25 pm - 10:09 pmIND-FLL 2h 44mnonstop 6:30 am - 9:18 amFLL-IND 2h 48mnonstop $219Allegiant Air Find Deal dom., mar. 17 - sáb., mar. 23 3:26 pm - 6:08 pmIND-FLL 2h 42mnonstop 12:15 pm - 3:02 pmFLL-IND 2h 47mnonstop $243Allegiant Air Find Deal sáb., dic. 30 - jue., ene. 4 Show more results Flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? The average price of all flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Fort Lauderdale on a Tuesday and more expensive on a Saturday. On your return trip to Indianapolis, you should consider flying back on a Thursday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale is September, where tickets cost $115 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are March and August, where the average cost of tickets is $287 and $280 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 49 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale were found on Spirit Airlines ($74) and Allegiant Air ($219). Spirit Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $31. Which airlines fly non-stop between Indianapolis and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale. They are: Allegiant Air, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Allegiant Air at $72 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Indianapolis and Fort Lauderdale per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 6 nonstop flights that take off from Indianapolis and land in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 2h 42m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 13 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 46% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Indianapolis and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale take? A direct flight to Fort Lauderdale will take on average 2h 34m to travel the 1,007 miles flying distance from Indianapolis. What’s the earliest departure time from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Indianapolis at 6:15 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 8:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 8:55 pm and lands at 11:40 pm. Good to know Low season August High season March Cheapest flight $31 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 26% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 29% increase in price. Flight from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale What airlines can I fly with from Indianapolis International Airport (IND) to Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport (FLL)? The departure and arrival airports are major airports and serve several airlines. You can travel non-stop from IND to FLL through Allegiant Air and Southwest. Compare the airlines’ services, amenities, and prices to find one that suits your needs and budget. You can also find flights with stopovers if you prefer. These take place in various cities, such as Atlanta (ATL). Where can I sleep in IND? Staying near the hotel before your flight is often a good option. It saves you from early morning rushes and inconveniences. You can sleep at the Hilton Garden Inn Indianapolis Airport, which is about 10min from the airport. The hotel offers free shuttle services from IND and provides a variety of amenities, including an indoor pool, a fitness center, restaurants and bar, and a whirlpool. Can I park in IND? Yes. The airport ensures that you have a stress-free trip with their ParkIND Plus Program, with options that make trips for frequent travelers convenient. It saves you money and provides you with stress-free parking and the chance to earn free parking points. We recommend that you enroll as a member for better offers such as ticketless entry and exit. Can I travel with pets from IND to FLL? While in IND, you are not allowed to take animals in the terminals unless they are in a suitable pet carrier or are used to assist persons with limited mobility. The airport has only one pet relief area outside the terminal. The arrival airport provides six relief areas to ensure that your four-legged companion is relieved after an exhausting flight. We advise that you contact your airlines for guidelines and rules on traveling with animals. Do I need a passport to fly between Indianapolis and Fort Lauderdale? A passport is not required to fly from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale. Which airports will I be using when flying from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? On your way to Fort Lauderdale, you’ll fly out from Indianapolis. You’ll be landing at Fort Lauderdale. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? American Airlines, Delta, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? The Airbus A319 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? There are nonstop flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale, Delta or Allegiant Air? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale are Delta and Allegiant Air. With an average price for the route of $396 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Allegiant Air is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $228 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from Indianapolis is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to Indianapolis with another airline. Booking your flights between Indianapolis and FLL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from Indianapolis up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from IND to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $48 or less one-way and $92 or less round-trip. You can withdraw money from any of the ATMs available at Indianapolis International Airport (IND). They are located throughout the airport, and you can easily spot one. If you need last-minute cash, you don't need to worry. The Indianapolis International Airport (IND) offers various services and amenities to ensure you have a great experience. If you want to pass the time while waiting for your flight, log into the free Wi-Fi offered by the airport. You can also find charging stations around the terminal and under the seat charging ports. Indianapolis International Airport (IND) boasts several lounges offering elegant spaces to unwind and relax before a flight. Most of the lounges are airline-operated, so you can contact your airline with inquiries on how to access the lounges. Lounges in the airport include Delta Sky Club, located past the security checkpoint on Concourse A, and USO of Indiana, offering a place of respite. When traveling to Fort Lauderdale, you can land at two airports, the Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport (FLL) and Miami International Airport (MIA). FLL is approximately 21 miles from Miami and just outside South Beach, resulting in cheaper flights. You can save money by flying into Fort Lauderdale through Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport. You can travel from FLL to neighboring towns using one of the several transportation options accessible to the airport. Take a bus, a train, a taxi, or car rental. A car rental is a great way to get around the city, but a taxi is more economical and convenient. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Allegiant Air, Southwest, +1 more Tuesday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Wednesday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Allegiant Air, Southwest, +1 more Thursday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Allegiant Air, Southwest, +1 more Friday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Saturday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Allegiant Air, Southwest, +1 more Sunday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Allegiant Air, Southwest, +1 more See more direct flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to Indianapolis Search Flights Monday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Allegiant Air, Southwest, +1 more Tuesday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Wednesday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Allegiant Air, Southwest, +1 more Thursday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Allegiant Air, Southwest, +1 more Friday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Saturday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Allegiant Air, Southwest, +1 more Sunday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Allegiant Air, Southwest, +1 more See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 78entertainment 79food 88crew 85overall 85boarding 82comfort Airline reviews Because of the airline changed flight schedules, they shortened my time with my family a day. They offered m to change the flights - on a holiday week there is nothing available. VERY DISAPPOINTINGRead more about Alaska Airlines Because of the airline changed flight schedules, they shortened my time with my family a day. They offered m to change the flights - on a holiday week there is nothing available. VERY DISAPPOINTING The food option is always kinda mediocre on this flight… not the options….rather the food. Pros: "Food was excellent service was good" Cons: "Boarding was too slow we sat at gate for almost an hour for baggage to be loaded" Pros: "Even though I was in Group C, I was one of the first to board (Groups A, B, and C were called to board all at once). Since the gate agent said the flight was full and there would be limited space for carry-on bags, being one of the first on the plane was nice. The leg room (I'm 6'2") was good." Cons: "The crew only did one pass through the cabin with soft drinks. Perhaps because it was a red-eye? Anyway, on a nearly 5 hour flight, I would have liked more than one small cup of refreshment." Pros: "the crew was good my seat was broken so they moved me into a premium seat which w very comfortable" Cons: "and explanation could of been made while we were standing in the jet way waiting to board for about 15-20 minutes" Pros: "Helpful crew" Cons: "There was a delay. Moved my selected asile seat to a middle seat without notice." Pros: "The flight attendants smiled from the moment we stepped on the plane until we stepped off. The flight was over 4 hrs long so that says a lot!I would like to especially mention Paula who went out of her way to make me comfortable. Also we were in the exit row so of course we had tons of leg room." Cons: "Alaska Airlines is great to fly with, THE SEATTLE AIRPORT IS A NIGHTMARE TO TRAVEL THROUGH!!!Last week SEATTLE AIRPORT WAS UNPREPARED TO HANDLE the traffic,16 AIRCRAFT IN LINE WAITING FOR A GATE. Countless passengers Missed flights. Last night our pilot was instructed to Slow Down and still no gate!" Pros: "Smooth trip" Cons: "I miss Virgin America so much! Alaska is just another airline." Pros: "Plane was clean, spacious, entertainment system was great, lots of food offerings. Will fly this airline and aircraft again!" Pros: "Easy boarding. Good entertainment. Didn’t bother me too much." Cons: "Better good. More comfortable seats" Pros: "Very nice people and helpful. Good attitude" Cons: "Board was a bit disorganized and took much longer than I am used to even on full planes" Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Cons: "Passengers should have the option to ask for additional snacks." Cons: "Had to collect & re check luggage between flights. Couldn't they have been transferred to the next aircraft?" Pros: "We had purchased economy tickets and got assigned seats that were not next to each other. As we were boarding the ticket person gave us a new seat assignment closer to the front and next to each other – we really appreciated and liked it. Makes me want to fly Delta again!" Cons: "we began the boarding process late, which can be understandable, although the plane was there pretty early. Once the boarding began, someone, I presume the gate agent, essentially gave a countdown to hhow many minutes were left until the flight could have an "on time departure". I travel nearly every week so I value being on time. However, a minute by minute call to hurry up on a flight that was sold out was over the top. There was mumbling among the passengers, to the point of someone joking "Free cookies and water if we make it on time?" Just a bad gate experience, but bad enough that peopoe were commenting, and I waited for someone from the cockpit to del\part so I could mention it to them." Pros: "Chairs was comfortable" Cons: "I had a kid kicking my chair the whole flight." Pros: "The crew was awesome and helped out tremendously when anything was needed!" Cons: "On my trip from Atlanta to Mexico City it was overbooked, they booked me on a different plane, which was 2 hrs delayed...which caused me to missed the flight from Mexico City to leon." Web site and app most difficult to access. Tel number not accessible. No answer at any time of day. No frills, value airline. This trip was exactly what I expected. The flight was on time departing and arrived ahead of schedule. The crew was very efficient at getting people on and off the plane. I think the carry-on bag charges discouraged most people from bringing one, which led to quicker de-planing. I was careful to only bring a carefully packed personal item that was under the size limit. If you keep in mind that everything costs extra with this airline (including snacks, drinks, and printing boarding passes), and go into this with the right expectations, then all will be well. For the price difference, I would fly this airline again. My flight was only 1 hr. 20 minutes though. Much longer than that and comfort might drive me to another airline. The seats are very basic and don't recline at all. Cons: "I love the changes that have taken place. I last flew with them 5 years ago and vowed too never fly with them again. Times have changed and they are a great Airline!!!" Pros: "Quick boarding, on time." Cons: "The flight attendant checking people’s bags and boarding passes at the gate was not friendly." Pros: "The crew was good and the flight was smooth." Cons: "The seats were far too close to have any kind of real comfort." Pros: "Flight attendants were great." Cons: "Bag check agent could have been a little more friendly." Cons: "Unclear pricing for carry on bag, could have saved $30 by paying at the ticket counter (even though I was sent an eticket and boarding pass); got stuck paying $50 at the gate." Pros: "There was nothing outstanding really" Cons: "It’s a low cost airline, so expectations are very low. Plane was very dirty because it just keeps on hopping back and forth without any cleaning service it seems" Pros: "Nothing is good on this flight. It was delayed by 7 hours and the communication is not proper" Cons: "Customer service" Pros: "Nice pilot and crew." Cons: "The warning about alcohol was a bit sarcastic, but I guess in today's world people who have acted out are the real culprits..." Pros: "Plane wasn’t full, they allowed everyone to spread out in the plane" Pros: "I liked that the armrest came up and that the walkway was a bit wider than other airplanes." Cons: "Larger seats" Cons: "The flight attendant was outstanding. Flexible. Good sense of humor and very professional" Pros: "The crew was very courteous and helpful, they seemed to have a positive attitude and worked with passengers like they really enjoyed their job." Cons: "There was a 3 hour delay outbound and a 9 hour delay inbound. On the inbound flight I was put up in a nice hotel for the day and given a $30 meal voucher. However I missed my connecting flights and had to be put up when I got back to the States. Despite getting in at 10pm I was put on a 5am flight." Cons: "Well the flight was delayed out of Indy and then due to some emergency at Ohare, we taxied for at least 30 minutes causing me to be late for my connecting flight and now I'm still here waiting for my new flight which is delayed." Pros: "Nice crew! Specifically remember Monica" Cons: "Boarding was inconvenient and the plane was half empty, leaving the majority of the passengers in the back. I’m sure it’s because of weight distribution but it’s still kind of annoying." Pros: "Super great flight attendant in first class. Very friends and beautiful smile. Nice to see on stressful days traveling. Nice job!" Cons: "Horrible customer service I will never fly with American again" Pros: "It was as good as one has gotten used to" Cons: "It was only as good as one has gotten used to" Pros: "The crew was excellent. Stewardess was cheerful and helpful. The flight while full was not crowded." Cons: "Plane was late. Mechanical issue at the gate after boarding. Seating room pretty tight. Three gate chanes at O'Hare." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "If flights was on time I would not have to miss connecting flight in Dulles I had to stay for 22 hours in Indianapolis to be rerouted" Pros: "Boarding was easy and there was plenty of overhead space for my carry on luggage" Cons: "Coach cabin was not spacious at all. Very little leg room and the aisles seemed very cramped. Also, the seats weren't particularly comfortable." Cons: "That I was charged for the flight again or they wouldn't let me on the plane" Pros: "The free inflight entertainment was very good." Cons: "I was very upset that the gate agent stated that the overhead bins were full and that I would need to check my carry on bag, which i did. However upon boarding the plane, there were multiple overhead bins that were actually empty. I do not appreciate being lied to by the gate agent and being forced to check my bag when there was plenty of overhead bin space available. Moreover, I waited for nearly 30 minutes for my then checked bag to come through the baggage carousel after deplaning. This is far too long to have to wait for a bag after a 5.5 hour flight, especially when it was a carry on bag I was forced to check despite there being ample room in the overhead bins. Very disappointing and unnecessary aggrevation. Additionally, there was some slight turbulence during the flight for which the captain turned on the seat belt sign and everyone was requested to return to their seats. A few minutes later there were still some people standing in the aisles waiting to use the restroom, at which point a female flight attendant came on the intercom and stated, "I will try to make this as simple as possible for you to understand..." She then carried on explaining in a very rude and sarcastic tone the safety reasoning behind asking the standing passengers to return to their seats. While her frustration with people not returning to their seats was understandable, her tone of voice and sarcastic demeanor was not professional, and quite unappreciated. My overall experience with United could have been much more pleasant but for these instances. I feel these couple of bad experiences could have been easily prevented which would have led to a much more enjoyable experience with United. Unfortunately, because of these things, I will think twice about flying with United in the future." Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Allegiant Air7.2 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/8lun. nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 44mIND-FLL $31 Search 12/6mié. nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 45mIND-FLL $36 Search 1/3mié. nonstopAllegiant Air 2h 55mIND-FLL $64 Search 12/7jue. nonstopAllegiant Air 2h 42mIND-FLL $69 Search 2/17sáb. 1 stopDelta 4h 18mIND-FLL $137 Search 2/15jue. 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 34mIND-FLL $184 Search 3/10dom. 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 07mIND-FLL $186 Search 1/3mié. 2 stopsUnited Airlines 16h 30mIND-FLL $214 Search 12/25lun. 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 37mIND-FLL $219 Search 12/22vie. 1 stopDelta 5h 36mIND-FLL $266 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAllegiant AirDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$70 or less$180 or less$210 or less$270 or less Last minute flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5mar. nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 45mIND-FLL 12/9sáb. nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mFLL-IND $111 Search 12/5mar. nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 45mIND-FLL 12/19mar. nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mFLL-IND $112 Search 12/5mar. nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 45mIND-FLL 12/19mar. multi-stopSpirit Airlines 4h 31mFLL-IND $133 Search 12/5mar. multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 24mIND-FLL 12/9sáb. nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mFLL-IND $138 Search 12/5mar. multi-stop 12h 24mIND-FLL 12/10dom. multi-stop 13h 25mFLL-IND $222 Search 12/4lun. multi-stop 8h 05mIND-FLL 12/5mar. multi-stop 15h 22mFLL-IND $240 Search 12/5mar. multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 55mIND-FLL 12/19mar. multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 11mFLL-IND $582 Search 12/5mar. multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 20mIND-FLL 12/19mar. multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 23mFLL-IND $601 Search 12/4lun. multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 58mIND-FLL 12/6mié. multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 54mFLL-IND $668 Search 12/1vie. multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 40mIND-FLL 12/1vie. multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 20mFLL-IND $806 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$110 or less$140 or less$240 or less$600 or less$810 or less Indianapolis - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: Indianapolis (IND)United States Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - Indianapolis Cabin classes: First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $62 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » United States » Indiana » Indianapolis $72Flights from Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $72Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Dallas Flights to Tampa Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Indianapolis. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from Indianapolis. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.