Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to New York from $45 | (LAX - NYC) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - NYC Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to New York from $45 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/16. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to New York These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to New York. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to New York. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to New York?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to New York that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:16 pm - 7:34 amLAX-EWR 12h 18m1 stop 8:10 am - 4:08 pmEWR-LAX 10h 58m1 stop $89Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 7 - Wed, Feb 14 12:35 pm - 7:34 amLAX-EWR 15h 59m1 stop 7:45 am - 8:23 pmEWR-LAX 15h 38m1 stop $91Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Tue, Jan 16 10:49 pm - 12:29 pmLAX-JFK 10h 40m1 stop 2:59 pm - 6:08 pmJFK-LAX 6h 09mnonstop $142JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Wed, Feb 7 10:49 pm - 12:34 pmLAX-JFK 10h 45m1 stop 2:59 pm - 6:09 pmJFK-LAX 6h 10mnonstop $160JetBlue Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Tue, Jan 30 7:35 am - 3:53 pmLAX-JFK 5h 18mnonstop 10:10 am - 1:38 pmJFK-LAX 6h 28mnonstop $247Delta Find Deal Sat, Feb 17 - Tue, Mar 12 12:45 am - 11:34 amLAX-LGA 7h 49m1 stop 6:00 am - 11:33 amLGA-LAX 8h 33m1 stop $255American Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Tue, Jan 16 7:14 am - 3:30 pmLAX-EWR 5h 16mnonstop 7:59 pm - 11:37 pmEWR-LAX 6h 38mnonstop $256Alaska Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 15 - Sun, Feb 18 12:40 am - 10:54 amLAX-LGA 7h 14m1 stop 10:29 am - 5:28 pmLGA-LAX 9h 59m1 stop $257Delta Find Deal Mon, Feb 5 - Sun, Feb 11 9:55 am - 10:29 pmLAX-JFK 9h 34m1 stop 7:00 am - 2:59 pmJFK-LAX 10h 59m1 stop $257Alaska Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Tue, Jan 23 9:00 am - 9:41 pmLAX-JFK 9h 41m1 stop 9:00 pm - 12:24 amJFK-LAX 6h 24mnonstop $278American Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Thu, Jan 18 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to New York - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to New York to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Los Angeles to New York flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Los Angeles to New York. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Los Angeles to New York cost $75 and was between Los Angeles and Newark Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $150. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to New York? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to New York clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Los Angeles to New York, look for departures on Wednesdays and avoid leaving on a Sunday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from New York, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to New York? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to New York is January, where tickets cost $247 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $445 and $398 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to New York? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to New York, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 44 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to New York? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to New York from Los Angeles were found on Spirit Airlines ($45) and JetBlue ($113), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($89) and JetBlue ($142). Which airlines fly most frequently between Los Angeles and New York? American Airlines connects Los Angeles to New York with up to 16 flights per day. Delta also offers 8 flights per day, while JetBlue follows with 8 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and New York? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to New York. There are 6 airlines that fly nonstop from Los Angeles to New York. They are: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with United Airlines at $117 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and New York per day? Each day, there are between 40 and 54 nonstop flights that take off from Los Angeles and land in New York, with an average flight time of 5h 21m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport. Each week, there are 314 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and New York? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to New York take? A direct flight to New York will take on average 5h 17m to travel the 2,456 miles flying distance from Los Angeles. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to New York? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 12:55 am and will be landing in New York at 9:09 am. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to New York? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to New York jets off at 11:59 pm and lands at 8:30 am. Good to know Low season February High season December Cheapest flight $45 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 25% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 31% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Newark Liberty Airport When to book flights from Los Angeles to New York Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to New York based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to New York Is there a way to get to New York City center from JFK by public transportation? Yes, if you’re looking to avoid the New York City traffic upon your arrival at John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK), take the Airtrain to the train and metro lines connecting with the city. It can take about 45-50 minutes to get from the airport to Penn Station. You can expect to pay around $9-21. Can I store my luggage at JFK? If New York City isn’t your final stop and you just wish to explore the city without carrying your luggage, there are about six locations that offer a storage service for your luggage. You can find somewhere to store your luggage in the arrivals hall of Terminals 1, 4, and 8 and the departures hall of Terminal 5. Which is the best airport to fly into to visit the Statue of Liberty? If you’re looking to head directly to the Statue of Liberty upon your arrival in New York City, look for flights into LaGuardia Airport (LGA). This is the airport with the most convenient public transportation route to the Statue of Liberty Ferry at The Battery. It can take about 1h 15min to ride the Q70-SBS from the airport to Harlem, and the 4 or 5 metro line to Bowling Green at The Battery. Are there accessibility services at LGA Airport? If you’re landing at LaGuardia Airport (LGA) and require special assistance, there is the TSA Cares Program. Contact them at least 72 hours before your flight to receive the help you need. If you contact your airline, you can get picked up at your gate and assisted through the terminal. LaGuardia Airport Sunflower lanyard program also tries to accommodate passengers with hidden disabilities, assisting them while traveling. What are the options to park my car at Los Angeles International? Los Angeles offers valet parking, standard terminal parking, and economy parking. In addition, there are several pay lots located around the airport that provide shuttle service to and from the airport; plus, even some hotels around the airport offer parking with shuttle service for a fee. What is the cheapest way to travel from New York LaGuardia to Manhattan? A one-way trip on a New York City Metropolitan Transportation Authority bus costs just $2.75, and they offer service to all parts of Manhattan as well as to Queens and Long Island. How easy is it to rent a car at John F. Kennedy International? All of the major rental companies like Hertz, Avis, Enterprise, and National have lots and offices located right at the entrance to the airport. All of the rental car locations can be reached by taking the airport's AirTrain transportation system. Can I get an Uber when landing at Newark? Of course! Uber asks that you request your ride when you are ready to head outside, exit on the arrivals level by following the signs for passenger pick-up, and then select your terminal and door number to help your driver locate you. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and New York? No Which airports will I be using when flying from Los Angeles to New York? When flying out of Los Angeles you will be using Los Angeles. You will be landing at one of these airports: Newark, New York John F Kennedy Intl, or New York LaGuardia. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to New York? JetBlue, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to New York flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to New York? The Airbus A318/A319/A320/A321 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to New York flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to New York? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and New York, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to New York? There are nonstop flights from Los Angeles to New York on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to New York, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to New York are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $332 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $363 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to New York? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to New York. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to New York? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to New York from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to New York? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to New York with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to New York? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to New York from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Los Angeles to New York Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $155 or less one-way and $237 or less round-trip. The mothers traveling with babies out of Los Angeles Airport (LAX) can use the nursing stations available in each terminal. You’ll find them by Gates 13, 21B, 45, and 64B in Terminals 1, 2, 4, and 6 respectively, by The Parlor in Terminal 3, across from the food court in Terminal 5, across from security in Terminal 7, and by the restrooms in Terminal 8. Although there are direct flights from Los Angeles to New York City, you may find more affordable options or times that suit your schedule better, with a layover in between. With Spirit Airlines, the layover is generally in Houston landing at Newark Liberty Airport (EWR). Some United Airlines routes stop in Denver and arrive at LaGuardia Airport (LGA). If you have some time to spare before your flight out of Los Angeles Airport (LAX) departs, there’s an art program going on at the airport, supporting diversity and local artists. Check out the different artworks like Floating Lady IV in Terminal 1 or The Letting Go in Terminal 7. If flying is stressful for you, prepare for your flight from Los Angeles to New York by visiting one of the relaxation and massage spots throughout the Los Angeles Airport, such as Be Relax across from Gate 11B in Terminal 1. You can get to Los Angeles Airport by public transportation if you wish. The LAX FlyAway bus travels from Union Station downtown to the airport in about 35 minutes. You can expect to pay around $10. Since the New York metropolitan area boasts three large, international airports, it can be helpful to take into account where you will be heading after flights from Los Angeles to New York. All three airports can be used when traveling to Manhattan, but New York John F. Kennedy Intl. is more convenient when traveling to Queens, Brooklyn, or Long Island. New York LaGuardia is an excellent choice for upper Manhattan or the Bronx, while Newark is an excellent choice for the West Side of Manhattan or Staten Island. If your furry, four-legged friend is making the trip with you from Los Angeles to New York, you will be happy to know that they do not have to "hold it" the whole way there. Los Angeles International offers a total of eleven pet relief stations located throughout all of the terminals. In addition, three of the stations are located before you pass through security and the other eight are located inside each of the terminal buildings once you have passed through security. If the kids land at NewYork LaGuardia craving a kid-friendly meal, the airport offers some fantastic, family-friendly dining choices. The whole family can get their favorite taco or burrito at Vuelo Taqueria in Terminal C, and they can all grab their favorite burger at Custom Burgers by Pat La Frieda in Terminal D. Flights from Los Angeles to New York John F. Kennedy can be 5 hours or longer. If you are looking to refresh yourself after such a long flight, why not stop into one of XpressSpa's eight airport locations? XpressSpa offers all of the traditional spa services you would expect, like massages, nail care, facials, haircuts and styling, and body waxing. Each location's hours vary depending on flight schedule, but you can call or email to book appointments, or simply walk in. If landing in the New York area is just for an overnight stopover on a more extended trip to Europe or Asia, Newark boasts eight hotels that are just outside the airport grounds. In addition, the Newark Liberty International Airport Marriott is located on the airport property. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to New York? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to New York, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to New York Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +26 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +27 more 25 26 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +27 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +28 more 26 27 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +26 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +27 more 25 26 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +26 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +27 more 25 26 Friday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +25 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +26 more 24 25 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +26 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +27 more 25 26 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +27 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +28 more 26 27 See more direct flights Nonstop returns New York to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air China, Air Europa, +27 more Aeromexico, Air China, +28 more 26 27 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +28 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +29 more 27 28 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air China, Air Europa, +27 more Aeromexico, Air China, +28 more 26 27 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +26 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +27 more 25 26 Friday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +27 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +28 more 26 27 Saturday Aeromexico, Air China, Air Europa, +27 more Aeromexico, Air China, +28 more 26 27 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +26 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +27 more 25 26 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to New York See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to New York. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to New York? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 88crew 79food 82comfort 85boarding 78entertainment 85overall Airline reviews The last minute seat selection for the super saver fare left a lot to be desiredRead more about Alaska Airlines The last minute seat selection for the super saver fare left a lot to be desired Cons: "Freezing in biz class and NO extra blankets. Existing ones too short. No nibbles service either. Pathetic." Cons: "Plane was unbearably hot for whole flight and smelled like a diaper" Cons: "Wi fi wasn’t working I didn’t understand the media and it didn’t work No screen" Pros: "The plane was clean and the ticket was cheap." Cons: "Boarding process was needlessly complicated — just assign everybody a seat beforehand. Gate agents were rude. Seats are very uncomfortable and it’s difficult to sleep on red eyes. It should be prohibited to fly 737s cross-country." Pros: "My seat was broken and didn’t recline on a red eye flight" Cons: "My seat was broken and didn’t recline" Pros: "No in seat entertainment" Cons: "No snacks or beverages offered on a six hour flight" Pros: "Good crew, did a good job making us feel good for a delayed late night flight." Cons: "For some reason air was never turned on. Air only seemed to flow once we were moving but sitting at the gate and once back on the ground taxing it got very hot again." Cons: "They shouldn’t charge for snacks and offer some form of entertainment in an almost 6 hr flight." Pros: "The crew was very happy and welcoming." Cons: "We were late and I missed my flight. I was told Flt 452 from LAX to JFK is notoriously late. Also, there could have been more updates about our delayed arrival." Best Thing flight took less time than programmed, quick entry and exit. Recommended! Pros: "Nice crew. Plenty of legroom" Cons: "The time to get the luggage to baggage claim was way longer than expected." Pros: "Seat comfort is better than many airlines but I still felt boxed in." Cons: "Flight crew was mediocre at best. Very abrupt and snippy when offering drinks and snacks. Flight attendant who gave disembarking instructions had difficulty with language and stuttered and stumbled with words." Cons: "Two very sick people were allowed to fly and were not denied boarding during these times of Covid19. We actually had to taxi back to terminal to remove a very sick passenger. JetBlue #100 March 17, 2020 10:12 pm from Los Angeles to Fort Lauderdale." Cons: "Despite the delay of almost 3 hours (which we were informed much earlier than getting to the airport at) the plane was 40% empty so can’t complain at the end of the day" Cons: "The customer service at LAX was horrible. The workers seemed to lack people skills and it everyone in line noticed it." Pros: "Crew members" Cons: "K, my seat couldn’t recline-both ways. Tv- audio system was messed up on the way back." Pros: "This time within the last couple months the trip a lot better." Pros: "It was my first experience & I couldn’t had enjoyed it more ! Words can’t explain" Cons: "Nothing everything was great" Cons: "My flight was delayed by 3 hours both on the way there and back" It was a very smooth ride. Not sure on a flight departing at midnight can be much better but it was late arriving and I had an early day so really just the logistics. Pros: "The crew was very friendly and it was a day fast flight." Cons: "No back of seat entertainment." Pros: "Seating and serving, both very good" Cons: "I couln't get my view on for movies, since there was (I presume) a charge for the earphones. Won't know now what happened to Jean Grey. Maybe offer a small book cart as an alternative entertainment for us cheapskates? do-de-do..." Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Cons: "the flight was delayed and so I missed my train home" Pros: "Crew was excellent. Friendly and always with a smile." Cons: "The headphones distort the sound too much. You miss half the dialogue if you are using the Delta headphones." Pros: "Crew was nice and welcoming" Cons: "Well, if our plane had been leaving on time it would've been superb." Pros: "The seats were very comfortable even though legroom was limited in the basic cabin." Cons: "Delta delayed the flight from LAX to SLC, which subsequently made me miss the connecting flight from SLC to ORD. Completely unacceptable" Pros: "Food was good and plentiful. I definitely left the flight feeling full." Cons: "Keep the business and star alliance gold boarding lanes open and exclusive for the respective customers for use at any time whenever they show up at the gate. Otherwise it is a chaos to board along with economy. Also, everything was broken in my business seat" Pros: "decent comfort on board" Cons: "both flights delayed, some rude crew, and Avianca lost my luggage when I got to Medellin" Pros: "The seats were comfortable and more variety when it comes to entertainment. And better head phones!!!" Pros: "The food wasn’t bad, but Avianca used to give out more refreshments multiple times during the flight . Now they just give out water." Cons: "More comfortable seat. Leg room was very limited compared to other airlines." Pros: "The crew was accommodating" Cons: "The seats were uncomfortable and they changed my flight 3 times" Pros: "Pretty much on time. Entertainment options were great. Clean enough." Cons: "Food was not very good. Extremely salty. Our family of 4 did not eat much of it." Cons: "There was no communication by Avianca staff & crew regarding the flight delay. I had a 10:49pm flight from BOG to JFK. Apparently the flight was delayed until 2:00am. I did not get an email or text alert relating to the delay. When I checked in at 9:00pm, the counter agent did not alert me to the change in departure time. It wasn't until I looked at the Departure board in the Avianca lounge did I know of the 3+ hr. delay. When we finally boarded, at least the captain was kind enough to explain the reason for the delay - Avianca needed to change aircrafts, then the originally slated captain called in sick and his replacement had to wait out the required time off as he had just completed a long haul flight from Canada to Colombia. Great job running a company Avianca..." Cons: "Gate was changed 3 times. Fight was delayed 30 mins. No entertainment." Cons: "Avianca decided to strand a bunch of passengers at 2am and the reason was that the pilot was "sick." When we asked to be switched to a different flight so we would not have to wait until 2pm the next day, they eventually booked us on an early flight. We stayed in the airport overnight in anticipation of this flight. The next morning they informed us 10 minutes before boarding that they delayed that flight so we could no longer make our connection. We had to spend 15 hours total in Bogota airport before being able to go home. Avianca used to never be this inconsistent with flights. They should not be allowed to do whatever they wish to passengers flights and offer minimal compensation when they inconvenience customers." Pros: "Last minute cancellation without any reasonable information, no respect for passengers." Pros: "More seat room than usual—very nice. Seems like a new plane." Cons: "If the people boarding the plane had been more considerate! Some of them blocked the aisle for quite a while. The crew asked them to step out of the way, but they weren’t very responsive" Pros: "Stewardess Alisa was very attentive. She realized my disability and did all she could do to accommodate me." Cons: "Seats too small." Pros: "Boarding was a breeze. The staff was friendly and fast. The seats were comfortable (although, I am 5’2”)." Cons: "I can’t complain this time around!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I was not informed about the delay, no on board entertainment, missed work due to delay and landed 2 hours late!" Pros: "It was fast and had nice crew members." Cons: "There wasn’t much leg room on the plane, so it was hard to get comfortable." Pros: "NA" Cons: "The flight was delayed by 2 hours and I could not reach MSP ontime due to which my career has had an negative performance impact. I am unhappy about the flight delay" Cons: "Many things. Did not tell me that even carry on was a 25.00 charge. After check in, counter woman at Sun County sent me to a security station on a far side of airport that was closed. Plane delayed. Plane bathroom issues" Pros: "Nice Staff" Cons: "They charge for everything the planes are a bit outdated, boarding is backwards they load middle bank then front very weird." Pros: "The crew was friendly and boarding was quick, seats were comfortable and plane was clean" Cons: "No snacks included, bags of pop chips was $3. No entertainment on the plane (I ended up just sleeping anyway). They didn't have space for everyone's carry on and asked for volunteers to check their bags but didn't enforce any rules for people who had 3+ carry on items" Pros: "4 1/2 hour late boarding! Missed my connecting flight and was stuck!" Cons: "Had a 4 1/2 hour delay from Minneapolis to NY city. Which of course cause me to miss my flight to Europe. There was no attempt to find another flight that would get me there in time. By the time I got to NY it was close to Midnight, and the only hotel available was 40 mins away from the airport at an additional cost of $270 for the room and uber rides. No compensation even offered or provided for extra expenses they caused by us leaving so late. Thank you Sun Country for starting my vacation off so well." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to New York Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to New York found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/16Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 10h 29mLAX-EWR $45 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 9h 50mLAX-EWR $46 Search 2/20Tue 1 stopJetBlue 7h 15mLAX-LGA $113 Search 1/24Wed 1 stopJetBlue 10h 15mLAX-JFK $113 Search 1/26Fri 1 stopAlaska Airlines 9h 34mLAX-JFK $124 Search 1/18Thu 1 stopAlaska Airlines 11h 29mLAX-JFK $128 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopDelta 7h 14mLAX-LGA $129 Search 3/19Tue 1 stopDelta 8h 15mLAX-EWR $129 Search 2/24Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 7h 08mLAX-LGA $139 Search 3/16Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 10mLAX-EWR $159 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAlaska AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$50 or less$110 or less$130 or less$130 or less$160 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to New York Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to New York that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 5h 17mLAX-EWR 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 16h 40mEWR-LAX $141 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 5h 17mLAX-EWR 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 6h 16mEWR-LAX $154 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopJetBlue 13h 29mLAX-EWR 12/7Thu nonstopJetBlue 6h 06mEWR-LAX $347 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 28h 14mLAX-JFK 1/9Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 10h 59mJFK-LAX $356 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 5h 14mLAX-EWR 12/13Wed nonstopJetBlue 6h 10mEWR-LAX $369 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 5h 30mLAX-JFK 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 6h 30mJFK-LAX $387 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 10h 10mLAX-JFK 12/12Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 18h 29mJFK-LAX $390 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 04mLAX-JFK 12/12Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 28mJFK-LAX $397 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 25mLAX-JFK 12/12Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 48mJFK-LAX $404 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 5h 30mLAX-JFK 12/15Fri nonstopDelta 6h 30mJFK-LAX $568 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAlaska AirlinesDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$150 or less$360 or less$390 or less$400 or less$570 or less Los Angeles - New York Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: New York - Los Angeles Cabin classes: $1,118 First Class flights to New York $1,015 Business Class flights to New York $695 Prem Econ Class flights to New York $138 Economy Class flights to New York Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $90Flights from Los Angeles to New York Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » New York State » New York $901Flights to New Windsor, New York $142Flights to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, New York $134Flights to New York LaGuardia Airport, New York $90Flights to Newark Airport, New York Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search New York flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to New York from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to New York from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.