Cheap Flights from New York JFK to San Francisco from $104 | (JFK - SFO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JFK - SFO Find cheap flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco from $104 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/10. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to San Francisco These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to San Francisco. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to San Francisco. How much is the cheapest flight from John F Kennedy Intl to San Francisco?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from John F Kennedy Intl to San Francisco that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:00 am - 11:49 amJFK-SFO 6h 49mnonstop 6:50 am - 3:27 pmSFO-JFK 5h 37mnonstop $208Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Wed, Jan 17 7:00 am - 11:00 amJFK-SFO 7h 00mnonstop 11:06 pm - 7:30 amSFO-JFK 5h 24mnonstop $215Alaska Airlines Find Deal Sat, Mar 9 - Wed, Mar 13 6:59 pm - 10:43 pmJFK-SFO 6h 44mnonstop 10:34 am - 7:10 pmSFO-JFK 5h 36mnonstop $218Alaska Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Tue, Jan 16 6:30 pm - 10:31 pmJFK-SFO 7h 01mnonstop 3:56 pm - 12:10 amSFO-JFK 5h 14mnonstop $223JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Sun, Jan 14 9:00 pm - 12:43 amJFK-SFO 6h 43mnonstop 5:45 am - 8:30 pmSFO-JFK 11h 45m1 stop $227American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Tue, Jan 16 6:30 am - 10:13 amJFK-SFO 6h 43mnonstop 8:45 pm - 5:02 amSFO-JFK 5h 17mnonstop $228JetBlue Find Deal Sat, Feb 10 - Sat, Feb 10 1:14 pm - 10:47 pmJFK-SFO 12h 33m1 stop 3:56 pm - 12:10 amSFO-JFK 5h 14mnonstop $230JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Wed, Jan 24 3:51 pm - 1:00 amJFK-SFO 12h 09m1 stop 12:45 pm - 9:15 pmSFO-JFK 5h 30mnonstop $232JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Mar 13 - Wed, Mar 20 9:00 pm - 12:43 amJFK-SFO 6h 43mnonstop 5:45 am - 8:30 pmSFO-JFK 11h 45m1 stop $237American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Sat, Jan 13 7:00 am - 10:44 amJFK-SFO 6h 44mnonstop 4:00 pm - 12:34 amSFO-JFK 5h 34mnonstop $238Delta Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Mon, Jan 15 Show more results Flights from John F Kennedy Intl to San Francisco - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from John F Kennedy Intl to San Francisco to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to San Francisco? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to San Francisco is February, where tickets cost $273 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $447 and $434 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to San Francisco? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to San Francisco, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 53 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco were found on Delta ($208) and Alaska Airlines ($215). Delta proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $104. Which airlines fly most frequently between New York John F Kennedy Airport and San Francisco? American Airlines connects New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco with up to 4 flights per day. Delta also offers 4 flights per day, while JetBlue follows with 3 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and San Francisco? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to San Francisco. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to San Francisco. They are: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta and JetBlue. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Alaska Airlines at $147 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Alaska Airlines. How many flights are there between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and San Francisco per day? Each day, there are between 13 and 19 nonstop flights that take off from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and land in San Francisco, with an average flight time of 6h 49m. The most common departure time is 8:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 105 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and San Francisco? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco take? The average nonstop flight takes 6h 28m, covering a distance of 2,578 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport at 6:00 am and will be landing in San Francisco at 9:43 am. What’s the latest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to San Francisco jets off at 10:20 pm and lands at 1:53 am. Good to know Low season January High season December Cheapest flight $104 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 15% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 33% increase in price. Flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco When to book flights from John F Kennedy Intl to San Francisco Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from John F Kennedy Intl to San Francisco based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco flights Where can I eat at the John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK)? There is a food court in Terminal 1 with a McDonald's, a pizzeria, and a Chinese restaurant. In Terminal 5, there is a food hall with a Caribbean restaurant, a burger joint, and a cheesesteak eatery. There are also food courts in Terminal 7 and Terminal 8. Near these terminals, you can grab a quick bite at the donut shop or a meal at a sit-down steakhouse. How can I get from the San Francisco Airport (SFO) into the heart of the city? Once you've collected your bags in baggage claim, follow the signs to the ground transportation area. At this airport level, you can catch BART, a rail system that goes from the airport to both downtown San Francisco and downtown Oakland. You can also access a commuter rail and public bus that goes into the city. Where is passenger drop-off at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK)? Because of heavy traffic, passengers cannot be dropped off at the terminal (unless you are disabled). Instead, passengers should be dropped off in the Kiss & Fly parking lot at the JFK AirTrain Boulevard Station. Once you have your bags and say goodbye, simply hop on the AirTrain to get to your departing gate. Is there a bank or an ATM at JFK and/or San Francisco Airports? There are several ATMs around JFK. This includes Terminal 1 (close to the food court), 2, 4 (in the retail hall), 5, and 7 (by the food court). At the San Francisco Airport, there are ATMs in Terminal 3 near the baggage claim area. Do I need a passport to fly between New York John F Kennedy Airport and San Francisco? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco? JetBlue, American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco? The Airbus A321 (sharklets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and San Francisco, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco? There are nonstop flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to San Francisco, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to San Francisco are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $358 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $363 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to San Francisco from New York John F Kennedy Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to San Francisco with an airline and back to New York John F Kennedy Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and SFO can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to San Francisco? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to San Francisco from New York John F Kennedy Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from JFK to San Francisco Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $169 or less one-way and $278 or less round-trip. If you have a red-eye flight going from New York JFK to San Francisco International Airport (SFO), you should consider booking a room at the TWA Hotel at JFK Airport. This is a fun airport with lots of amenities including a rooftop pool, a restaurant, bar, fitness center, and roller rink. For convenience, you can get dropped off at the hotel, stay the night, and catch the AirTrain in the morning for an easy departure. Most flights are nonstop between JFK and SFO. If you have to transfer planes, it will likely be in San Diego, Los Angeles, Fort Lauderdale, Dallas, or Miami. These layovers are as short as 30min and as long as about 3h. Both JFK and SFO have AirTrain systems. These people mover systems take passengers all around the airport. They stop at all the terminals, parking lots, rental car centers, garages, and ground transportation areas. You can catch these people movers every few minutes. There are a variety of amenities and things to do at the San Francisco International Airport (SFO). In Terminal 3 and throughout the airport, there are museum displays that include science, culture, history, and art exhibits. There is also a yoga room for relaxation and an observation deck where you can watch planes. Luggage carts are available for rent at the JFK Airport. If you need one, the cart concessions are in the pre-security check area. At the San Francisco Airport, you can also rent a trolley cart. Look for them by baggage claim or close to the terminals. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York John F Kennedy Intl to San Francisco? Find which airlines fly direct from John F Kennedy Intl to San Francisco, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York John F Kennedy Intl to San Francisco Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +26 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +27 more 25 26 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air Europa, +29 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +30 more 28 29 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +26 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +27 more 25 26 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +29 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +30 more 28 29 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air Europa, +32 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +33 more 31 32 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +26 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +27 more 25 26 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air Europa, +30 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +31 more 29 30 See more direct flights Nonstop returns San Francisco to New York John F Kennedy Intl Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air Europa, +28 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +27 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +28 more 26 27 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +28 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +29 more 27 28 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air Europa, +30 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +31 more 29 30 Friday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +29 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +30 more 28 29 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air Europa, +28 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +30 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +31 more 29 30 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from John F Kennedy Intl to San Francisco See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to San Francisco. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from John F Kennedy Intl to San Francisco? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 85overall 79food 88crew 78entertainment 85boarding 82comfort Airline reviews Check in early to avoid getting put into last boarding group. Several announcements about checking carry on bag at gate since overhead space was expected to be fully by time groups E and F boarded. I checked my bag at the gate but turns out there was quite a bit of over head space. It wasn’t really necessary to check my bag.Read more about Alaska Airlines Check in early to avoid getting put into last boarding group. Several announcements about checking carry on bag at gate since overhead space was expected to be fully by time groups E and F boarded. I checked my bag at the gate but turns out there was quite a bit of over head space. It wasn’t really necessary to check my bag. The gate crew made me check my carry-on because they said I was in the last boarding zone and there would be no room for my bag. I told them I'd miss my bus at my destination if I checked my bag but I complied with their demand. There was plenty of extra space in the overhead bins when I got on board the plane though. I did miss my bus and had to wait over an hour for the next one. Coming back from an emotional trip to see my family, I just wanted to go home. The food in Terminal 7 is at JFK is terrible by the way (not your fault, just saying). I usually like Alaska Airlines but this was lame. JFK is the worst; but putting us into a plane that wasn’t ready was all Alaska No coffee or tea available on second beverage service on BOTH FLIGHTS. Announced as "coffee heater broken". (on both flights?!) Very limited food for purchase on board. Pros: "Seating was nice." Cons: "Built in Screens on the seats are nice. They offer tablets but the info provided on the screens like time to destination and current location as well as access to purchasing food and beverages, is always welcome)." Cons: "The seats barely reclinedwhich is the entire reason i fly business" Cons: "Flight on time and not wait 30 min on the runway to get to a gate once landed" Cons: "This was about as uncomfortable as a Spirit flight. The seats felt like fold out chairs and they didn’t even recline." Pros: "Crew were very attentive and hospitable to the crew. I have been flying ASIANA many times and enjoy the flight as well." Pros: "departed on time. arrived early. crew was pleasant and professional" Cons: "Food is not free...you have to pay for it. Seat was not very comfortable. Too hard, and very little recline." Pros: "Love the free WiFi. That was awesome and somewhat unexpected." Cons: "There was no coffee left on board when serving the second round - kind of hard to wake up from a 6 hour flight." Pros: "Comfortable Mint seats. Not bad. Not cheap." Cons: "Breakfast selections were OK. They could do better for the price of Mint seats" Pros: "Facilities and amenities (WiFi, unlimited snacks, comfortable seat)" Cons: "Gate agents consistently telling paxs to SIT DOWN if their boarding group hasn’t been called yet." Pros: "Crew is always fantastic, JetBlue crew members never let me down!" Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "My video screen did not work so I couldn't watch anything. Then when we landed we had to wait an hour on the tarmac before we could get to a gate." Cons: "Don't push a credit cards on us via in person brochures. I found it very unsavory." Cons: "Delays on both sides. Empty plane blocking our arrival... come on that is horrible considering the flight was delayed departing" Pros: "The flight was smooth, efficient and friendly crew. For a 5hr flight, the snacks were very sparse." Cons: "A full meal" Pros: "The entire flight experience: seating, price, flight crew, entertainment, and snack bar are light years ahead of the other budget airlines. Never fly NYC to SF on any other airline. The crew was so friendly and helpful." Cons: "Everything was perfect!" Pros: "Boarding was easy" Cons: "Blocked gate upon arrival, then jet bridge didn’t work. Can we the basics right here? Also the turkey sandwich was mediocre" Pros: "Very friendly thank you!" Cons: "The wifi login experience could be improved. I purchased wifi as a guest when I had an account and had to spend extra time chatting with an agent to get it resolved. They were very helpful but having the option to login to my account at the start would be ideal!" Pros: "Crew was very friendly and took good care of the passengers" Pros: "The crew went the extra mile to accomodate my bag due to not having a seat in front of me to stow it. Also, Delta Comfort was exceptional!" Cons: "Tightly packed seats made for discomfort. My knees were touching the seat in front of me." Pros: "Nothing to like." Cons: "Cabin was way too hot despite complaining multiple times. Wi-Fi didn’t work the whole flight. The entertainment system was down. Seats uncomfortable. Inept crew. Worst flight I’ve ever taken." Cons: "The bathrooms smelled every time someone opened the door. Febreeze, please!!" Cons: "More comfortable than I expected for a 6 hour flight. 757 was quite spacious." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I came from a long trip from France, the seat I was assigned was not reclinable, close to the restroom. I was totally exhausted from the previous flight, not able to sleep at all and when I tried to stretch my legs by sitting sidewards on the aisle a crew member keep bothering me to keep my legs out" Pros: "Service by crew. I was flying economy but it was par to business class." Pros: "I really enjoyed the service on Delta. The entire process was better than what i've come to expect on airlines. My flight attendant was Kate, and she was awesome - super friendly, professional, thoughtful." Pros: "Absolutely nothing" Cons: "Even though there were flight/seats available, Avianca did not make them availability to flight changes and only for new reservations. Extremely disappointed at you fraudulent business practices." Pros: "The attention of the staff and punctuality at the departures" Cons: "The food" Cons: "I can’t tell nothing more about, cause everything was really excellent" Cons: "A group of people including me, were waiting for our baggages for more than 30 minutes." Cons: "I paid $400 for the flight and $370 for my surfboards.... won’t fly them again." Pros: "Absolutely nothing" Cons: "Everything first every single flight taken was delayed by at least 30 mins and not on time, then they played last minute rescheduleds in which they over booked by like twice the amount of people on flight and offer a mediocre 100 dollar travel voucher to make up for it to get on the next flight that’s 4 hours later. Since no one took that offer they ended up rescheduling it and stopping in other places to ale up for the lack of space, what was suppose to be a 6 hour flight turn in a 12 hour flight." Cons: "Not enough space between the seats in front of me" Pros: "The airplane and blankets were super comfortable. Most importantly the flight was on time." Cons: "I was told hours before my flight that my flight was delayed due to weather in the NYC area and that the new flight time was two hours later. There were no weather issues at this time. This delay made me miss my connection and the only option was for me to have a 24 hour layover in Bogota, Colombia. As a woman traveling alone this was not acceptable to me but I had no other choice. I got a hotel room for the evening and tried to make the best of it. I was not offered any compensation for this inconvenience, nothing, not even an offer to pay for my hotel room. Similar things happened to three other people in my group that I was meeting in Peru all traveling from different locations. I lost an entire day in Peru because of this. On my return flight Avianca changed the times as well and I was forced to take an earlier fight home the day before I was scheduled to leave. I therefore lost a total of two days of my vacation because of Avianca and they did NOTHING to compensate me for it. STAY AWAY FROM THIS AIRLINE!!!" Pros: "The food was mediocre." Cons: "The customer service was terrible. Our connecting plane had not left yet and they did not let us on. They proceeded to tell us that our only option was to stay the night and take another flight the next day. Us and 10 other people had to get into an argument with the staff in order for something to be done. After begging, they finally said they would put us on an earlier flight the following morning and they put us in a hotel. The staff did not care about us or our missed flight/wasted money that we paid for the hotel at our destination that night. It took 30 minutes for a manager to give us the time of day. Horrible experience. It's really shocking that this is how the company treats its customers." Pros: "Flight attendant Susan was wonderful. Very friendly, professional, and helpful." Pros: "Nothing- and it cost me $50 to have voucher issued for future flight." Cons: "Monitors with Sun Country gate information very difficult to find, if at all. I asked several people about Sun Country and departure gate, and was pointed in several WRONG directions. Since next flight out was 9p, I decided to cancel my trip. I did investigate taking same flight tomorrow, Jul 13, and was told it was full and I would be standby." Cons: "Flight was determined to be 2 hours late well in advance. No e-mail, no call so we get to the airport 2 hours ahead of departure to find out we have to sit around the airport for 4 hours. This was NOT a last minute delay. This was the second Sun country flight in a row that was late. The first was a ramp gate hold for weather at the destination. Not sure why this one was late." Cons: "Service and customer handling at MSP and JFK were very poor. This airline charges for everything, and if you select an incorrect option and over pay, then too bad... They offer no reimbursement. Buyer Beware." Cons: "Late departure by 1 hour. Then had to wait 55 minutes at the luggage pick up in SFO" Cons: "We were fully boarded and then were delayed 1 hour without any explanation. They also had poor in flight service and very uncomfortable seats. No leg room at all and if the person put their seat back the 5 degrees it could move, there was no way to be comfortable because the seat in front presses against my knees." Pros: "Flight was on time" Cons: "I over paid baggage fee for both departure and return, been trying to call a customer service representative for a refund but their is no direct number. I keep getting switched from one person to another without any feed back and it's so frustrating. It will be nice if I can get someone to just tell me there is no refund rather than keeping me online for over 10mins." Cons: "Two hour delay. The seats were extremely uncomfortable, it basically felt like 1” of cotton on plywood, the back support kept popping in and out. The staff not pleasant, as in zero smiling, no welcoming on board and they were short with other passengers. It’s unbelievable that snacks are extra when every other airline offers complimentary peanuts/pretzels/cookies. I had to spend $30 extra for my fiancée to sit next to each other, even though we purchased tickets together. As a Minnesota born resident, who now lives out east, this was such a disappointment. I will not fly with again." Pros: "Everything went quickly" Cons: "I had to pay to pick my seat, for any food or entertainment." Cons: "I was next to the window. It was so cold I could not get comfortable. I was never offered a drink, I think they thought I was sleeping. We sat on the runway at JFK for 45 minutes before taking off." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 Book cheap flights from New York to San Francisco Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to San Francisco found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/10Wed nonstopDelta 6h 44mJFK-SFO $104 Search 2/3Sat nonstopDelta 6h 58mJFK-SFO $114 Search 1/11Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 44mJFK-SFO $122 Search 2/13Tue 1 stopAlaska Airlines 9h 35mJFK-SFO $124 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopJetBlue 11h 00mJFK-SFO $126 Search 1/12Fri 1 stopJetBlue 11h 18mJFK-SFO $136 Search 5/6Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 44mJFK-SFO $145 Search 4/2Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 41mJFK-SFO $146 Search 12/11Mon 1 stopSun Country Air 8h 28mJFK-SFO $243 Search 12/11Mon 1 stopSun Country Air 8h 28mJFK-SFO $253 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineDeltaAlaska AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesSun Country Air Search by price$110 or less$120 or less$140 or less$150 or less$250 or less Last minute flights from John F Kennedy Intl to San Francisco Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to San Francisco that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 6h 49mJFK-SFO 12/12Tue nonstopJetBlue 5h 26mSFO-JFK $346 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 44mJFK-SFO 12/12Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 15mSFO-JFK $354 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 9h 10mJFK-SFO 12/12Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 9h 59mSFO-JFK $418 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 6h 45mJFK-SFO 12/12Tue multi-stopDelta 10h 48mSFO-JFK $427 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 13h 15mJFK-SFO 12/17Sun multi-stop 7h 30mSFO-JFK $451 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 9h 54mJFK-SFO 1/10Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 33mSFO-JFK $468 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 6h 49mJFK-SFO 12/9Sat multi-stop 22h 29mSFO-JFK $472 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 6h 39mJFK-SFO 1/15Mon nonstopDelta 5h 34mSFO-JFK $483 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAvianca 13h 15mJFK-SFO 1/13Sat multi-stopAvianca 21h 20mSFO-JFK $603 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAvianca 13h 15mJFK-SFO 1/11Thu multi-stopAvianca 12h 30mSFO-JFK $626 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineJetBlueAmerican AirlinesAlaska AirlinesDeltaAvianca Search by price$350 or less$430 or less$470 or less$480 or less$630 or less New York John F Kennedy Airport - San Francisco Flights Departure: New York John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)United States Destination: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: San Francisco - New York John F Kennedy Airport Cabin classes: $1,016 First Class flights to San Francisco $705 Business Class flights to San Francisco $653 Prem Econ Class flights to San Francisco $159 Economy Class flights to San Francisco Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York John F Kennedy Airport $208Flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to San Francisco Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » San Francisco $208Flights to San Francisco, San Francisco Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search San Francisco flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to San Francisco from New York John F Kennedy Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to San Francisco from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.