Cheap Flights from Newark Airport to London from $189 | (EWR - LON) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW EWR - LON Find cheap flights from Newark Liberty Airport to London from $189 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/30. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to London These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to London. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to London. How much is the cheapest flight from Newark to London?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Newark to London that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:35 pm - 4:00 pmEWR-LHR 17h 25m1 stop 7:30 pm - 1:25 pmLHR-EWR 22h 55m1 stop $327Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Thu, Jan 11 5:50 pm - 12:55 pmEWR-LHR 14h 05m1 stop 5:30 pm - 1:25 pmLHR-EWR 24h 55m1 stop $340Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Sat, Jan 27 5:35 pm - 9:40 pmEWR-LHR 23h 05m1 stop 5:30 pm - 1:25 pmLHR-EWR 24h 55m1 stop $355Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Mon, Jan 22 7:30 pm - 10:55 amEWR-LGW 10h 25m1 stop 12:00 pm - 6:20 pmLGW-EWR 11h 20m1 stop $481Icelandair Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Wed, Jan 31 7:30 pm - 7:30 pmEWR-LHR 19h 00m1 stop 12:15 pm - 6:20 pmLHR-EWR 11h 05m1 stop $486Icelandair Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Wed, Jan 31 5:20 pm - 8:40 amEWR-LGW 10h 20m1 stop 9:25 am - 3:50 pmLGW-EWR 11h 25m1 stop $531Aer Lingus Find Deal Mon, Apr 22 - Fri, Apr 26 5:35 pm - 7:55 amEWR-LGW 9h 20m1 stop 8:35 am - 4:05 pmLGW-EWR 12h 30m1 stop $538Aer Lingus Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Mon, Jan 29 2:18 pm - 8:30 amEWR-LHR 13h 12m2 stops 6:50 am - 5:00 pmLHR-EWR 15h 10m2 stops $538Air Canada Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Sun, Jan 28 6:10 pm - 4:40 pmEWR-LCY 17h 30m1 stop 10:00 am - 4:00 pmLCY-EWR 11h 00m1 stop $702Lufthansa Find Deal Thu, Feb 15 - Wed, Feb 21 6:10 pm - 9:25 amEWR-LCY 10h 15m1 stop 7:50 am - 3:50 pmLCY-EWR 13h 00m1 stop $703Lufthansa Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Thu, May 9 Show more results Flights from Newark to London - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Newark to London to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Newark Airport to London flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Newark Airport to London. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Newark Airport to London cost $436 and was between Newark Airport and London Heathrow Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $519. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to London? The average price of all flights from Newark Airport to London clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Newark Liberty Airport to London, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Friday is the most expensive. Flying from London back to Newark Liberty Airport, the best deals are generally found on Tuesday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Newark Airport to London? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Newark Airport to London is January, where tickets cost $535 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $879 and $823 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Newark Airport to London? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Newark Airport to London, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 87 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Newark Liberty Airport to London? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Newark Liberty Airport to London were found on Scandinavian Airlines ($327) and TAP AIR PORTUGAL ($440). Icelandair proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $218. Which airlines fly non-stop between Newark Airport and London? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Newark Airport to London. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Newark Airport to London. They are British Airways and United Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is United Airlines, with the best one-way deal found costing $563. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at United Airlines. How many flights are there between Newark Airport and London per day? Each day, there are between 11 and 12 nonstop flights that take off from Newark Airport and land in London, with an average flight time of 6h 58m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening, while the most flights land at London Heathrow Airport. Each week, there are 83 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 14% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Newark Airport and London? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to London take? The average nonstop flight takes 10h 15m, covering a distance of 3,467 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to London? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Newark Airport at 7:55 am and will be landing in London at 7:35 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to London? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Newark Airport to London jets off at 11:00 pm and lands at 11:05 am. Good to know Low season January High season April Cheapest flight $189 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 13% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 11% lower on average. Flight from Newark Liberty Airport to London Gatwick Airport When to book flights from Newark to London Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Newark to London based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Newark Liberty Airport to London flights How can I get downtown London from London City Airport (LCY)? Downtown London lies about 9.3 miles from the London City Airport (LCY). You can connect to these destinations either by train or taxi. The fastest way is via the underground train (the Tube), which covers the distance in about 22min. The second option is to take a taxi with a travel time of about 30min. Are there car rentals at Gatwick Airport (LGW)? Do you want to explore London conveniently and with flexibility? Multiple car hire agencies run their desks at LGW, but their parking garages sit at the North and South Terminals. Consider making early reservations, particularly online, and enjoy affordable rates. Where can I store my extra luggage at London Heathrow Airport (LHR)? London Heathrow Airport (LHR) has storage lockers where you can safely keep your excess baggage. They’re located in Terminal, lower level, Arrivals lobby. Check with the operators for storage duration and fees. Which is the best arrival airport if I want to visit Buckingham Palace? Both London Heathrow Airport (LHR) and Gatwick Airport (LGW) are linked to Buckingham Palace by train and a subway. The closest airport is Gatwick Airport (LGW), which takes 45min to reach the palace. Arriving at LHR will take you 1h before getting to the palace. Which London airport should I fly into? London Heathrow (LHR) is one of the world’s busiest airports, a hub for many major airlines. Gatwick (LGW) is quieter but further away from the city. London City Airport (LCY) is perfect for business travelers. How to travel between Central London and London Heathrow Airport (LHR)? Transportation to and from London Heathrow is easy. The Heathrow Express train is dedicated to this, with fares starting at £37.00 (about $50). Grab the Tube on the Piccadilly line; fares are more budget-friendly at around £5.50 ($7.54). Metered taxis are an option, fares will be an average of £50 ($68.55). Is London airport transportation wheelchair accessible? The Heathrow Express is smooth sailing from point A to point B. Paddington Station offers connections to other wheelchair-accessible options, including city busses, the London Underground, and black cabs too. What should I do on a layover in London Heathrow (LHR)? Post up in one of the many lounges, or enjoy some pampering with a mani-pedi or massage. Terminal 5 boasts the aptly-named T5 Gallery, showcasing a variety of world-class art. Which airline is London Heathrow (LHR) a hub for? Heathrow acts as the international hub for all of the UK, and a hub for many major airlines, like British Airways, American Airlines, and KLM. It is also a home base for Virgin Atlantic. Is the Newark Airport (EWR) easy to navigate? Located about 15 miles southwest of Midtown Manhattan, traveling through Newark Airport can be easy. NJ Transit makes it traffic-free, and the airport has three terminals, making zeroing in on your departure easier. Do I need a passport to fly between Newark Liberty Airport and London? Yes Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Newark Liberty Airport to London? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Newark Liberty Airport to London flight route: British Airways, Iberia, American Airlines, Cape Air, Finnair, and United Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Newark Liberty Airport to London? The Boeing 777 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Newark Liberty Airport to London flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Newark Liberty Airport to London? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Newark Liberty Airport and London, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Newark Liberty Airport to London? There are nonstop flights from Newark Liberty Airport to London on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Newark to London, Lufthansa or Scandinavian Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Newark to London are Lufthansa and Scandinavian Airlines. With an average price for the route of $657 and an overall rating of 7.8, Lufthansa is the most popular choice. Scandinavian Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $558 and an overall rating of 7.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to London? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to London. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to London? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to London from Newark Liberty Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to London? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to London with an airline and back to Newark Liberty Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to London? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to London from Newark Liberty Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Newark to London Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $572 or less one-way and $645 or less round-trip. As the second-largest airport in New York after John F. Kennedy International Airport, Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) has three Terminals A, B, and C. Movement from one terminal to the other is by AirTrain and Shuttle bus (Star Alliance Connections), running regular departures every 5-15min. You can also foot on the walkways linking the terminals. Suppose you have a scheduled departure early in the morning from EWR to London. In that case, plan and spend a night in one of the hotels adjacent to the airport. Usually, such establishments provide complimentary shuttles to and from the airport, ensuring that you’re at the terminal in time for your flight. Renaissance Newark Airport Hotel Marriott is one such property. Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) operates a Sunflower Lanyard program to cater to the needs of passengers with disabilities. If you suffer from hearing loss, PTSD, or autism, you’ll wear lanyards for easy recognition by trained and dedicated agents upon arrival at the airport. These services are located at the Welcome Center at Level 2 in Terminal A. Travelers who arrive at EWR ahead of their flights can kill off time by exploring the various attractions at this airport. If you have a passion for arts, crafts, and antiques, pop into the Metropolitan Museum of Art Store inside Terminal C and experience a vast collection of gifts that simulate the various landmarks in New York landmarks. If you arrive at Newark Liberty International (EWR) while tired, you can seek some therapy before your voyage to London. D_Parture Spa in Terminal C, near gates 92 and 105, should be your next stop for those who want relaxation and self-indulgence. From facials and manicures to deep tissue massage and pedicures, there’s something everyone likes. The greater London area has a total of six major airports. London City Airport (LCY) is the closest to Central London, and London Heathrow (LHR) is the busiest. Gatwick (LGW) is also a popular choice among travelers. Gatwick Airport (LGW), also known as London Gatwick, is about 30 miles south of central London. On average it sees less traffic and delays than Heathrow. The Gatwick Express is a train that runs every 15 minutes from the airport to central London. It takes just 30min and costs around £19.90 ($27.28). To get to London as fast as possible, Lufthansa and Finnair both offer nonstop flights from Newark International Airport (EWR) to London Heathrow (LHR). If you need to catch a little shuteye while on a longer layover or waiting for your hotel room to be ready, London Heathrow offers comfy sleeping pods. Open from 06:00 am to 10:00 pm, prices start at around £20 ($27.42) for an hour. With a 3h minimum, it’s a nice way to ease into your trip. They even have showers, TVs, and Wi-Fi. London Heathrow and London Gatwick both have lounge options for the weary traveler, many of which you can pay entry to even if you’re not flying that airline. Departing passengers, those in transit, and travelers who have arrived but need a little R&R are welcome to spa services, showers, and more. London City Airport is a leader in UK business travel, with nonstop flights to a variety of major European hubs. With this user-friendly airport, much of the EU becomes more accessible to you. If you want to explore outside of London for a few days, Paris, Amsterdam, Barcelona, Venice, and so many more incredible options are easily available. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Newark to London? Find which airlines fly direct from Newark to London, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Newark to London Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Friday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights Nonstop returns London to Newark Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Friday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air Canada, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Newark to London See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Newark to London. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Newark to London? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 86crew 79food 82overall 78comfort 82boarding 77entertainment Airline reviews Cons: "Too much nonsense with carry on and check in language. I paid for my seat but they changed it for better balance of the plain. Really I weigh 165 lbs. Once the plane reaches altitude they let me take my seat. However the plane was barely occupied and somebody with closer and took my seat."Read more about SWISS Cons: "Too much nonsense with carry on and check in language. I paid for my seat but they changed it for better balance of the plain. Really I weigh 165 lbs. Once the plane reaches altitude they let me take my seat. However the plane was barely occupied and somebody with closer and took my seat." Pros: "Amazing - they had a full dinner for a 9:55pm flight, with real silverware, complementary alcohol, for economy passengers! Crew extremely professional and efficient." Pros: "Crew was great. Phenomenal even." Cons: "Economy seating, so hard to complain, I got what I paid for, but 1-2” more between seats would have kept my knees out of the lady’s back in the seat in front of me..." Pros: "Crew was very nice and attentive" Cons: "Leg room on my first flight (longest leg of the trip) was not much and when the person in front of me leaned their chair back, my knees were touching the chair." Pros: "The crew was great! The entertainment was pretty good too." Cons: "The cabin was WAY too warm." Pros: "Food was good. Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Seats were extremely cramped. Once the person in the front reclined their seat it was very difficult to get out of the seat. Also better guidance is needed during boarding. Finally, my hand carry was checked 4 times by 4 different people, which means your staff doesn’t trust their own colleagues." Pros: "I thought my out flight with Lufthansa would be good but it was surpassed by the return flight with Swiss Based on my experience I believe Swiss should be a 5 star airline as well" Cons: "A slight delay" Pros: "They have a policy of letting kids under 5 board early which was a boon to us! The veggie pasta was really delicious." Cons: "The delay to fly was the only issue" Cons: "Despite listing items desired for breakfast per seat assignment, flight attendant still got it wrong." Pros: "A very friendly and attentive crew and a decent meal. Comfort is still iffy in coach but better than most American airlines. Good selection of movies to pass the time." Cons: "Seats in coach are cramped and some have an electrical box under the seat in front of you, so there is no room for your legs or carry on bag. Bathrooms keep getting smaller to jam in more seats." Pros: "Crew, food, flight." Cons: "Could always use a wider seat. I just hate having my hips touching a stranger for the whole trip." Cons: "Plane was late taking off. Crew did not provide water when requested. They were busy with beverages that they could sell at a cost." Cons: "They were delayed. They wouldn't let us keep our checked sized bags which slowed us down even more. Our next flight left without us while we were waiting for a gate to open so we could get off the plane. There were no more flights so we had to fly to an alternate city and rent a car to get home." Pros: "Lisa @ the Boston Delta check-in counter is AMAZING! She's super helpful and essentially saved our vacation! Her coworkers say she's the best and I couldn't agree more! Delta is very lucky to have someone like Lisa on their team!" Cons: "Nothing to complain about! If I really head to be picky maybe the in-flight meals were smaller than I expected. But again, nothing that bothered me" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Nothing worked. Charging station. Tv. They charge for everything. Customer service is poor. I get Way more for my money flying a budget airline!" Pros: "Great service. Smooth flight. Funny flight attendants. No issues boarding or deplaning." Cons: "Food wasn’t great. What’s new?" Pros: "Got to London on-time (early, actually) and safely. The in flight meal was okay. The leg room in comfort plus was great, the mobile app was awesome, and the staff (check-in, gate, cabin and flight deck) were professional and friendly all around." Cons: "The leg room was great, but as a broad-shouldered guy, the width of the seat was miserable. Unfortunately, the Delta 767 doesn't offer any upgrade for a wider seat beyond Delta One, and my employer won't spring for that. Too bad there isn't a premium economy option. Also, the entertainment unit in the seat next to mine malfunctioned, which you wouldn't think would impact me that much except that because it was "seeing" touches randomly throughout the flight, the screen would turn on, off, brighter, dimmer, play random stuff, and just generally be as annoying as possible to everyone nearby throughout an overnight flight." Cons: "Our flight was changed/delayed because of smoke detector problems!! We lost a whole day on the trip and we are very upset" Pros: "Couldn't recline as I was in the emergency exit row but I had some extra room with no seat next to me so that was nice" Cons: "Couldn't recline in my emergency exit row" Pros: "Space looked a bit cramped in business class but I was pleasantly surprised at the length of the flat bed and the additional foot well space once I'd reclined the seat." Cons: "Need to fix the flickering lights in the JFK club lounge, the opposite of relaxing!" Pros: "The flight crew & the flight itself was great." Cons: "The flight was delayed by 4 hours. Not only did I miss my connecting flight, but I also missed my rescheduled flight. I had to wait another 7 hours in the airport waiting for a flight. And due to this I missed an important meeting." Pros: "Great crew, food, entertainment and drinks." Cons: "Only thing that could be improved is comfort. They provide a small pillow and blanket, but even with those, it is very difficult to sleep." Cons: "On our layover in Munich, we were at our gate, then noticed about 30 minutes prior to boarding that they’d moved us to another gate quite far away, so we hurried to the new gate, only to discover the change was an error, and we had to run back to our original gate. Made it, but annoyed." Cons: "The flight was delayed several times and we were kept waiting at the gate without knowing when exactly we will leave." Pros: "This space intentionally left blank" Cons: "For starters, they sat my 12 year old daughter 6 rows away and both of us in center seats so no one would switch with us. Mid flight, my daughter asked to switch with me since the guy next to her kept asking personal questions and was making her uncomfortable. Second, the in flight entertainment did not work. Third, I had pre-ordered a diabetic meal, they “think they may have given it to someone else.” Fourth, one hour delay making for a tight connection. And finally... they lost my suitcase. Should arrive in a few days." Pros: "The efficiency and kindness of the flight attendants made the trip enjoyable. The water service really helped with dehydration. Also, the food was EXCELLENT, which you don't often hear on a flight. My seat was comfortable and the movie and television selections was great. Will ABSOLUTELY fly with them again!" Pros: "Friendly flight attendants, good wine, good entertainment (which I actually don't watch), beautiful airplane, A 340, especially the downstairs restrooms." Cons: "Very uncomfortable seats, minimal leg room, mediocre food." Pros: "The staff was good to me when I became ill on the flight with a migraine." Cons: "When I paid for my seat in advance it said I had an exit row, but when I got on the flight it was not. The food was also horrible." Cons: "Pathetic food, and really rude crew by the standards of an international flight." Cons: "The food was a bit over cooked and dry but overall excellent service." Pros: "Amazing crew, fast boarding." Cons: "Uninspired food. I was served the same meals 30 years ago." Cons: "Upon landing in EWR on United, per my reservation on this site my connection was on SAS to Copenhagen. Upon arrival in EWR, I received an email from this site saying my SAS flight "may be canceled". I immediately headed to the terminal where SAS was and went into the lounge to speak to an agent. The women I spoke to could not have been more rude. She told me my flight was canceled and that she did not have access to any details because that was United's responsibility. I told her that could not be the case because my flight was on SAS so if they canceled the flight, I would like to understand what my options are given that I had a tight window upon arrival into my final destination into Dubrovnik so I could not be too late in landing outside of my original reservation. She told me that I had to talk to United and did not even acknowledge why there was a cancellation or anything other than the SAS flight I was on was cancelled. She barely even helped me to understand where my luggage was which I was very concerned would be lost given the issue with the flight cancellation. As a result of all of this, it turns out I was put onto a United flight that now had MORE connections. I had to now go to Frankfurt to Vienna to Dubrovnik, all with really tight connections AND now I no longer was on the same flight as my friend who I was traveling with. SAS did not help with any of this or care to assist in ANY way. They told me it was out of their hands and I had to talk to United. AWFUL service when SAS had cancelled the flight! I had no choice but to take the re-routed flights. I ended up running to my gates and barely catching all of my connections which made for a very stressful travel experience to start my long awaited vacation. After paying the high cost I did for my flight, I am extremely frustrated with my experience as I ended up having more connections, tight connections, awful customer service and a really stressful trip. This is NOT would I would expect for how much I paid and out of the quality of an airline. I would like to receive some type of compensation for the extreme inconvenience of landing 3+ hours after my original arrival time, being broken up with my friend who I was traveling with, not being given any options for my travel, terrible customer service assistance, and no acknowledgement from SAS to help me in any way." Pros: "On time and clean airline." Cons: "Not helpful with stroller. Wanted us to sign off that they were not responsible for if stroller broke while handling it. Insane. They said it “might “ to big even though they didn’t know what measurements would be too big. We’ve flown for the last 3 years with this stroller but different airlines and never heard of such thing. (Since it’s the smallest city mini double stroller there is and folds flat- super small!) first time we flew SAS all. We didn’t sign anything and gate checked it and all was fine but some incompetent crew at check in. Not very helpful finding seats with all four of us. Put us in different rows. Could work on their customer service for sure." Pros: "Left on time. 50 minutes early in Copenhagen. Food was not bad." Cons: "TSA at EWR was ridiculous. Slow lines and very inefficient." Cons: "We arrived late in Copenhagen and I had 20 minutes to catch my connecting flight. Even though I was checked-in for the Copenhagen to Athens flight it left without me. I was then transferred through Prague to get to Athens and again missed my connecting flight through there. Now I am stuck in Prague looking for a flight to Athens and most likely will miss my next flight from Athens to Karpathos and will again be stuck in Athens because there are no flights out to Karpathos until 19 of May, 3days from now. I was physically in the Copenhagen airport and could have made that flight, I feel that since I was already checked in they should have waited for me and allowed me to board. Now I will Be missing work!" Pros: "Boarding was quick and easy. Decent amount of overhead space. The pilot was friendly. USB ports for charging phones at the seat. Free bottle of water at your seat." Cons: "No overhead fan. When flight got really hot, no way to moderate temperature. No choice of food at all, unless you are in economy plus. I don't remember the last time that a trans-Atlantic flight had at least a meant, or fish, or vegetarian dish. Usually, at least two or three dishes. On SAS, everything has to be ordered ahead of time. Some of the flight attendants were friendly, some not so friendly. No free alcoholic drinks even with dinner. Limited regular drinks - they are only served with food, aside from that you have to purchase even the non-alcoholic drinks. The food just wasn't very good, even compared to other airline food. Compared to other companies, relatively small selection of entertainment. I had considerably more choice on a domestic flight than on a 9 hr. international SAS flight. Storage pockets at the seat are pretty small." Cons: "The flight from EWR to Oslo was delayed by over 2 hours which meant I would miss my next connection... and I understand that happens sometimes. But, it was after hours on the airline number phone number and the fly.com customer service could not help with finding an alternate connection from Oslo to FRA. It was frustrating to then have to wait at Oslo airport for another 4 hours before the new connecting flight." Cons: "This has nothing directly with SAS, but since I experienced it during my flight there, they are responsible of it. I was waiting for the flight at the OSLO airport waiting for the flight to LONDON. I had ample time to work on my computer. In the big room by the gate there was only one spot where I found three electrical sockets hanging from a pillar or post. To my dismay none worked. My plug would fall off from each. To document, I took the pictures of the useless sockets... I complained to the lady at the boarding desk (she left before the SAS staff moved in), she did not even care... This experience frustrated me and turned an otherwise pleasant trip into a bitter one. Please install some working sockets in your waiting room! Flight SK 809 Confirmation: LN9M6O Departure: Oslo & other airports (OSL) Arrival: Heathrow (LHR) Time: Sat Dec 2 2017 3:05 pm CET - Sat Dec 2 2017 4:25 pm GMT Peace, Edip Yuksel +1 520 481 1919" Pros: "This is obviously a very well-run airline. Boarding was efficient, the crew were warm and professional, and the overall feel of the aircraft was very Scandinavian-cool. I was most impressed with the meal service. We were served twice on our 9 hour flight, and both meals were hot, healthy, and the best I’ve had during a flight. The passenger in front of us was having a hard time with her sinuses, and the flight attendant (whose name I wish we had gotten) was very attentive and concerned for the comfort and well-being of the passenger. She insisted on doing anything she could to alleviate the woman’s difficulty. It is clear that the crew care about the passengers’ experience." Cons: "We were unable to sleep at all during our overnight flight and landed pretty exhausted. Our seats were comfortable (complete with a moldable headrest to keep your head from bobbing around) but we felt too upright to fall asleep. The passenger in front of us reclined, but we were concerned about reclining into the already tight space of the passenger behind us. So we weren’t able to sleep, despite trying to get comfortable/somewhat horizontal. It seemed to be a mixed bag of asleep and awake passengers on the flight, so some people were unaffected by this issue." Pros: "Top notch service , catered very much to Americans . Would definitely fly again" Pros: "They were nice, rushed through beverages, but since it was a short flight that's understandable." Cons: "The top cushion on the seats could be less bulky." Pros: "Staff was great" Cons: "There should be a choice of Halal meal also, while booking the seat" Cons: "Good service cold have come sooner, I wanted to sleep as much as possible but it was a full 2 hours before the service finished." Pros: "The crew on the plane and at the Dublin airport were nice. We haven’t made it to Dubrovnik. Plane from Newark was delayed, we missed our connection, our luggage was misplaced, then they didn’t have another flight until the next day, and they sent us to a hotel that didn’t have any rooms available." Cons: "What couldn’t have? Thanks Aer Lingus." Pros: "Generally a smooth experience." Cons: "The seats are too close together. Charging for drinks is out of character for a good airline. Go back to free non-alcoholic drinks." Pros: "U.S. Customs at the Dublin airport is helpful so when you land in the US after a long flight you can get home quicker." Cons: "Nothing. All was great." Pros: "Overall everything went better than expected. Flew Aer Lingus from East Coast through Dublin to Rome. Making the connection in Dublin was the easiest connection I’ve ever made and I fly multiple times every month. I would fly Aer Lingus to Europe again for sure." Cons: "We did not get to select the seats. I did get an extremely low priced fare so I was prepared. The seats were in the very back of the plane from Dublin to Rome even though there were many seats open throughout the plane. I couldn’t figure out how to purchase upgrades using the app." Pros: "Flight attendants were great!" Cons: "Roomier seats, include a beverage (soda, juice, and at least water), child free section" Pros: "From check in to security to boarding everything was smooth with no waiting. Thanks for a great flight." Pros: "The welcome, hospitality and service by the crew were all excellent" SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Lufthansa7.8 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Aer Lingus7.4 Book cheap flights from Newark to London Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Newark to London found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/30Tue 1 stop 17h 30mEWR-LGW $189 Search 2/6Tue 1 stop 17h 30mEWR-LGW $190 Search 1/16Tue 1 stop 17h 30mEWR-LGW $192 Search 4/14Sun nonstopBritish Airways 6h 55mEWR-LHR $382 Search 5/13Mon nonstopBritish Airways 6h 55mEWR-LHR $383 Search 3/30Sat 1 stopAer Lingus 11h 30mEWR-LHR $392 Search 12/15Fri 1 stopAer Lingus 11h 45mEWR-LHR $403 Search 12/30Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 7h 10mEWR-LHR $443 Search 2/1Thu 1 stopLufthansa 10h 15mEWR-LCY $492 Search 1/25Thu 2 stopsLufthansa 14h 50mEWR-LCY $500 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineBritish AirwaysAer LingusUnited AirlinesLufthansa Search by price$190 or less$380 or less$390 or less$440 or less$500 or less Last minute flights from Newark to London Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Newark to London that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 14h 40mEWR-LHR 12/6Wed multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 22h 55mLHR-EWR $419 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 14h 40mEWR-LHR 12/2Sat multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 24h 55mLHR-EWR $420 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 7h 15mEWR-LHR 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 11h 50mLHR-EWR $537 Search 12/2Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 7h 05mEWR-LHR 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 11h 50mLHR-EWR $540 Search 12/2Sat nonstopLufthansa 7h 05mEWR-LHR 12/6Wed multi-stopLufthansa 15h 16mLHR-EWR $633 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 11h 04mEWR-LHR 2/1Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 8h 10mLHR-EWR $646 Search 12/1Fri nonstopLufthansa 7h 20mEWR-LHR 12/4Mon nonstopLufthansa 8h 35mLHR-EWR $652 Search 12/3Sun nonstopBritish Airways 6h 40mEWR-LHR 12/8Fri nonstopBritish Airways 8h 15mLHR-EWR $660 Search 12/2Sat nonstopBritish Airways 6h 40mEWR-LHR 2/2Fri nonstopBritish Airways 8h 10mLHR-EWR $671 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 11h 04mEWR-LHR 12/18Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 8h 15mLHR-EWR $685 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineScandinavian AirlinesUnited AirlinesLufthansaAmerican AirlinesBritish Airways Search by price$420 or less$540 or less$650 or less$660 or less$690 or less Newark Liberty Airport - London Flights Departure: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Return flight deals: London - Newark Liberty Airport Cabin classes: $1,774 First Class flights to London $1,839 Business Class flights to London $1,361 Prem Econ Class flights to London $519 Economy Class flights to London Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport $326Flights from Newark Airport to London Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » United Kingdom » England » London $403Flights to London City Airport, London $380Flights to London Gatwick Airport, London $326Flights to London Heathrow Airport, London $371Flights to London Luton Airport, London $653Flights to London Southend Airport, London $336Flights to London Stansted Airport, London View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search London flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to London from Newark Liberty Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to London from Newark Liberty Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.