Cheap Flights from Vancouver Airport to Calgary from C$ 34 | (YVR - YYC) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YVR - YYC Find cheap flights from Vancouver to Calgary from C$ 34 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 9/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Calgary These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Calgary, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Calgary, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Vancouver Intl to Calgary?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Vancouver Intl to Calgary that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 2:55 p.m. - 5:30 p.m.YVR-YYC 1h 35mdirect 6:15 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.YYC-YVR 1h 45mdirect C$ 48Flair Airlines Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 2:55 p.m. - 5:30 p.m.YVR-YYC 1h 35mdirect 6:15 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.YYC-YVR 1h 45mdirect C$ 58Flair Airlines Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Thu, 25 Jan 2:55 p.m. - 5:30 p.m.YVR-YYC 1h 35mdirect 11:25 p.m. - 12:08 a.m.YYC-YVR 1h 43mdirect C$ 61 Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Sun, 14 Jan 8:45 p.m. - 11:11 p.m.YVR-YYC 1h 26mdirect 7:10 p.m. - 7:56 p.m.YYC-YVR 1h 46mdirect C$ 65Lynx Air Find Deal Tue, 19 Mar - Thu, 28 Mar 8:10 a.m. - 10:43 a.m.YVR-YYC 1h 33mdirect 8:25 p.m. - 9:08 p.m.YYC-YVR 1h 43mdirect C$ 66Lynx Air Find Deal Wed, 14 Feb - Mon, 19 Feb 2:55 p.m. - 5:30 p.m.YVR-YYC 1h 35mdirect 9:35 p.m. - 10:18 p.m.YYC-YVR 1h 43mdirect C$ 73 Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Wed, 17 Jan 12:25 p.m. - 7:07 p.m.YVR-YYC 5h 42m1 stop 9:45 p.m. - 10:23 p.m.YYC-YVR 1h 38mdirect C$ 135WestJet Find Deal Sat, 27 Jan - Sat, 27 Jan 4:05 p.m. - 8:37 p.m.YVR-YYC 3h 32m1 stop 11:00 p.m. - 11:38 p.m.YYC-YVR 1h 38mdirect C$ 136WestJet Find Deal Mon, 15 Jan - Mon, 15 Jan 6:00 p.m. - 8:28 p.m.YVR-YYC 1h 28mdirect 6:00 a.m. - 6:43 a.m.YYC-YVR 1h 43mdirect C$ 197Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 13 Dec - Thu, 14 Dec 7:55 a.m. - 11:54 a.m.YVR-YYC 2h 59m1 stop 11:30 a.m. - 12:05 p.m.YYC-YVR 1h 35mdirect C$ 216Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 8 Feb - Wed, 21 Feb Show more results Flights from Vancouver Intl to Calgary - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Vancouver Intl to Calgary to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Vancouver Intl Airport to Calgary? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Calgary, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Calgary is March, where tickets cost C$ 98 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 217 and C$ 202 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Calgary? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Calgary, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Calgary, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 81 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Vancouver to Calgary? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Flair Airlines (C$ 34) and Lynx Air (C$ 46). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 65) and Lynx Air (C$ 88). Which airlines fly most frequently between Vancouver and Calgary? Air Canada (10 flights per day), WestJet (7 flights per day), and Flair Airlines (one flight per day) are the most frequent flyers of this route. Which airlines fly direct between Vancouver Intl Airport and Calgary? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Calgary. There are 4 airlines that fly direct from Vancouver Intl Airport to Calgary. They are: Air Canada, Flair Airlines, Lynx Air and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 64. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Vancouver Intl Airport and Calgary per day? Each day, there are between 13 and 28 nonstop flights that take off from Vancouver Intl Airport and land in Calgary, with an average flight time of 1h 28m. The most common departure time is 8:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 144 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Vancouver Intl Airport and Calgary? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Vancouver to Calgary take? A direct flight to Calgary will take on average 1h 24m to travel the 1,104 km flying distance from Vancouver. What’s the earliest departure time from Vancouver to Calgary? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport at 6:00 am and will be landing in Calgary at 8:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from Vancouver to Calgary? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Calgary jets off at 11:05 pm and lands at 1:33 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight C$ 34 Best time to beat the crowds (24% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (44% more expensive on average) Flight from Vancouver to Calgary When to book flights from Vancouver Intl to Calgary Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Vancouver Intl to Calgary based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Vancouver to Calgary flights What baby care facilities are available at Vancouver International Airport (YVR)? If you're travelling to Calgary with a baby, you can comfortably breastfeed him/her at YVR since the airport has a nursing room equipped with comfy benches, a deep sink, and a changing area, on Level 3 of the US Terminal. On the other hand, if you're travelling with a grown child, you can let him/her have fun at one of the airport's children's play areas. In the Domestic Terminal, one is near Gate C46, and another is on Level 3. In the International Terminal, there's one near Gate D4. Can I travel from Calgary International Airport (YYC) to my preferred destination in Calgary via public transport? If you want to travel from YYC to your preferred Calgary destination via public transport, you can do so aboard a Calgary Transit bus or a taxi. To board a bus at the Domestic Terminal, leave Door 7 on the Arrivals Level, cross the roadway, and walk towards Pillar 7. Here, you will find ticket vending machines that accept cash, credit, and debit cards. To board a taxi, head to the airport’s taxi stand, located on the Arrivals Level. The stand is outside of Doors 3, 9, and 15. What hotels are near Calgary International Airport? The Delta Hotels by Marriott is a casual hotel that is directly across the street from Calgary International Airport and a 3-minute drive from the busy Route 2. The Hampton Inn by Hilton is a modern choice that is a 5-minute drive from the airport and a 12-minute drive from the CrossIron Mills shopping center. What is the best way to travel from Calgary International Airport to downtown Calgary? If you would like to travel from Calgary International Airport to downtown Calgary as quickly as possible, consider either renting a car or grabbing a taxi, as the drive takes only 20 to 25 minutes depending on traffic at the time. If you would prefer a more affordable option use public transportation, such as the local bus system, which will take 35-40 minutes. Are there any pet relief areas in Calgary International Airport? There are currently three designated animal relief zones that are located outside of the arrivals terminal near doors 1, 9, and 17 of Calgary International Airport. Each of these areas provide complimentary waste disposal bags for pet owners and are periodically cleaned by airport staff. Does Calgary International Airport have a prayer room? Calgary International Airport has an interfaith chapel that is located in the main terminal and is open 24 hours a day. It is available for all travelers, no matter their religious affiliation, and there are religious texts that can be used for private prayer. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Vancouver to Calgary? Air France, Air Canada, Delta, and Jazz offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Vancouver to Calgary flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Vancouver to Calgary? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Vancouver to Calgary flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Vancouver to Calgary? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Vancouver and Calgary, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Vancouver to Calgary? There are direct flights from Vancouver to Calgary on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Vancouver to Calgary, WestJet or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Vancouver to Calgary are WestJet and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 205 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 241 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Vancouver to Calgary? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Vancouver to Calgary. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Vancouver to Calgary? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Calgary from Vancouver is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Vancouver to Calgary? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Calgary with an airline and back to Vancouver with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Vancouver to Calgary? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Calgary from Vancouver up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Vancouver to Calgary Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 80 or less one-way and C$ 162 or less round-trip. In Vancouver, you will board your flight at Vancouver International Airport (YVR). Located 12 km from downtown Vancouver, this airport is a hub for Air Canada, Pacific Coastal Airlines, and WestJet. In Calgary, you will alight at Calgary International Airport (YYC). Situated approximately 17 km northeast of downtown Calgary, this airport is a hub for Air Canada, Lynx Air, and WestJet. At YVR, you can comfortably wait for your flight at Plaza Premium Lounge's Gate B15 or C29 location. At either, you'll enjoy access to refreshments, snacks, a flight monitor, various sources of entertainment, and comfortable seats. YYC has invested in wheelchairs, elevators, and wheelchair-accessible washrooms to cater to individuals with limited mobility, and hearing loops to help guests with hearing accessibility needs. It is also enlisted on Aira, an app that allows blind or partially sighted passengers to move around with ease. For those that are interested in non-stop flights from Vancouver to Calgary, consider booking your trip with either Air Canada or WestJet Airlines. While Air Canada is known for having comfortable seats, free meals and free checked bags, WestJet Airlines has become popular for their budget-friendly tickets. If you have a question about your flight or the different amenities in Vancouver International Airport, keep your eyes open for one of the Airport Ambassadors that are stationed throughout the different terminals. Easily identified by their green jackets and vests, these volunteers can help you with any questions you may have and provide you with necessary resources. Travelling to Calgary for business? Make sure to stop by the UPS Business Center that is located in the main terminal of Calgary International Airport. This business center has fax and copying services, high-speed WiFi and workstations, making it a convenient place to get caught up on your to-do list. To store some of your luggage or personal items after your flight from Vancouver to Calgary has landed, head to the luggage storage desk in the arrivals terminal of Calgary International Airport. There is no minimum for how many items you can store, and prices vary depending on how long your belongings will be stored for as well as their size. If you would like to relax before your flight takes off, drop by the quiet zone that is located near gate D67 of Vancouver International Airport. Equipped with stretching mats, soothing music and comfortable couches, this room is an ideal place to clear your head before beginning a long day of travelling. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Vancouver Intl to Calgary? Find which airlines fly direct from Vancouver Intl to Calgary, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Vancouver Intl to Calgary Search flights Monday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more ANA,Aeromexico, +18 more 16 17 Tuesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more ANA,Aeromexico, +19 more 17 18 Wednesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more ANA,Aeromexico, +19 more 17 18 Thursday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more ANA,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Friday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more ANA,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Saturday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more ANA,Aeromexico, +18 more 16 17 Sunday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more ANA,Aeromexico, +18 more 16 17 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Calgary to Vancouver Intl Search flights Monday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more ANA,Aeromexico, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more ANA,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Wednesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more ANA,Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Thursday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more ANA,Aeromexico, +19 more 17 18 Friday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more ANA,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Saturday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more ANA,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Sunday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more ANA,Aeromexico, +18 more 16 17 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 4 airlines serving from Vancouver Intl to Calgary See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Vancouver to Calgary. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Vancouver Intl to Calgary? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 70entertainment 77comfort 80overall 81boarding 84crew 71food Airline reviews Everything went smoothly. Crew was friendly and informative. We even left early!Read more about WestJet Everything went smoothly. Crew was friendly and informative. We even left early! Pros: "crew" Cons: "i would love to seat beside passenger who doesn’t snore bery loud." Cons: "After landing, we were waiting on the tarmac for sometime and I needed to use the restroom I was an allowed to do so. It would’ve taken me a short short time. I went to The rear of the plane to use the restroom and was told to get in my seat." Pros: "Gavin at check in was so great!! Amazing and professional!! Great clear concise announcements!" Pros: "Newest 787 plane in the fleet. Really comfortable seats and terrific in-flight entertainment" Pros: "Smooth trip." Cons: "No one would get a wheelchair to get to cart that was on different floor. Driver didn't volunteer to carry bags to cart." Pros: "Wonderful friendly and helpful ground staff and crew." Cons: "1 hour delay in boarding due to mismanagement of scheduled maintenance. If more time was needed, please do not schedule/post early flight time. I could have used that time to roam Vancouver." Pros: "Always pleasant to find that in an 'ordinary' seat my knees are not embedded in the seat in front of me. The USB power at the seat is important - I know everybody has it now, but still worth saying." Cons: "Elbow crunch by a passing service cart is an unpleasant way to awaken from a doze. Is there some way that service people can be a bit more aware of (living) obstacles?" Pros: "Left and arrived on time, friendly Westjet crew as always." Cons: "Tiny TV screens, no real food, seat cushion was so compacted it was uncomfortable." Pros: "Crew did a good job, even with the long delays." Cons: "Plane was almost 2 hours late getting to LA. Started with the crew needing to clear customs in Vancouver. Delayed by 30 minutes....then the crew preboarded a sick lady and her travel companion. At some point crew decided she should not fly to LA, but the ladies wouldn’t get off plane! 45 minutes later and 4 RCMP show up to escort them off plane. Then we didn’t have any ground crew to get us off loading ramp. Finally got away 90 minutes or more after scheduled departure. Circled LA a few times before getting to land.... long flight with long delays!" The crew was friendly and good and I felt safe and secure in the air. I was not happy to find that my “window” seat had no window, when I had options at the time of check-in and would have selected another had I known. I felt a bit claustrophobic. I was also unhappy to pay $75cdn to check my bag, to then have it go missing for 1hr 20mins, upon arrival. I could have been half way to Oxford, my final destination, in that time. The dinner was good, but the breakfast is quite terrible now. It is two sugary items and only one coffee service in an increasingly small cup. We all know inflation is a big thing right now, but skimping on tea and coffee! No soft drinks provided and staff at boarding was very rude. Moreover, the flight was one hour delayed. they canceled my flight so i am EXTREMELY UPSET ......................... they gave me a 100% refund but still ........... i will never order a flight from your failed company ever again ........ We were just offered pretzels along with beverages. Biscoff or other cookies would be good as well or to have a choice. Crew seemed a big green but better training and more years of experience should fix that. Boarding was the usual inefficient zone 1, zone 2, family’s with children and the disabled, zone ad nauseam. There was no food inspite of the boarding agents telling us part of the delay was for provisioning. It was late and they left us on the tarmac for close to an hour before take off. The one thing that could have made the situation better was them telling us when we were going to take off and then taking off within 15 minutes of that time. The plane was comfortable and clean. The entertainment system was great. The staff at the check in line and the gate were rude and unhelpful. I bought a basic fare for a 90 minute flight that Air Canada oversold so I was on standby to fly. It’s ridiculous that you pay for a flight and you aren’t assigned a seat unless you pay more. Flyers be aware. I would not book another basic fare on Air Canada. Flair and Lynx treat customers better and provide better service on a very short flight. Pros: "Friendly crew." Cons: "No hot water available so no coffee or tea. CRJ on a "western commuter" route is highly unusual." Pros: "Good legroom," Cons: "Older aircraft, tray tables not level, rear washrooms no water, delayed departure" Pros: "OK service" Cons: "was not offered a direct flight to Vancouver when it was obvious that I would miss the connecting flight." Pros: "I liked the staff on the flight. The flight had some nice" Cons: "I didn’t like the food options, Air Canada used to have tasty food!" Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Vancouver to Calgary Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Vancouver to Calgary found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 9/1Tue directFlair Airlines 1h 35mYVR-YYC C$ 25 Search 30/1Tue directFlair Airlines 1h 35mYVR-YYC C$ 27 Search 31/3Sun directLynx Air 1h 29mYVR-YYC C$ 34 Search 4/1Thu directLynx Air 1h 29mYVR-YYC C$ 35 Search 28/2Wed directWestJet 1h 24mYVR-YYC C$ 62 Search 10/12Sun directWestJet 1h 31mYVR-YYC C$ 63 Search 9/1Tue 1 stop 12h 52mYVR-YYC C$ 94 Search 27/2Tue 1 stop 12h 42mYVR-YYC C$ 95 Search 31/1Wed 1 stopAir Canada 2h 59mYVR-YYC C$ 107 Search 15/5Wed 1 stopAir Canada 2h 49mYVR-YYC C$ 117 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesLynx AirWestJetAir Canada Search by priceC$ 30 or lessC$ 40 or lessC$ 60 or lessC$ 100 or lessC$ 120 or less Last minute flights from Vancouver Intl to Calgary Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Vancouver to Calgary that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directLynx Air 1h 29mYVR-YYC 9/12Sat directLynx Air 1h 43mYYC-YVR C$ 96 Search 4/12Mon direct 1h 29mYVR-YYC 6/12Wed direct 1h 45mYYC-YVR C$ 102 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 1h 35mYVR-YYC 6/12Wed directFlair Airlines 1h 45mYYC-YVR C$ 105 Search 5/12Tue directLynx Air 1h 29mYVR-YYC 7/12Thu directLynx Air 1h 43mYYC-YVR C$ 108 Search 4/12Mon direct 1h 35mYVR-YYC 9/12Sat direct 1h 43mYYC-YVR C$ 110 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 1h 35mYVR-YYC 9/12Sat directFlair Airlines 1h 45mYYC-YVR C$ 115 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 5h 50mYVR-YYC 6/12Wed multi-stopWestJet 5h 40mYYC-YVR C$ 244 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 1h 31mYVR-YYC 8/12Fri directWestJet 1h 49mYYC-YVR C$ 248 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 2h 59mYVR-YYC 6/12Wed directAir Canada 1h 43mYYC-YVR C$ 487 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 2h 59mYVR-YYC 4/12Mon directAir Canada 1h 43mYYC-YVR C$ 639 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirFlair AirlinesWestJetAir Canada Search by priceC$ 100 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 250 or lessC$ 640 or less Vancouver - Calgary Flights Departure: Vancouver (YVR)Canada Destination: Calgary (YYC)Canada Return flight deals: Calgary - Vancouver Cabin classes: C$ 1,414 First Class flights to Calgary C$ 451 Business Class flights to Calgary C$ 1,938 Prem Econ Class flights to Calgary C$ 84 Economy Class flights to Calgary Browse origins: Flights » Canada » British Columbia » Vancouver Airport C$ 62Flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Calgary Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Alberta » Calgary C$ 62Flights to Calgary, Calgary Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Ottawa Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Kelowna Flights to Kamloops Flights to Yellowknife Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Calgary flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Calgary from Vancouver. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Calgary from Vancouver. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.