Cheap Flights to Iceland from C$ 239 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights to Iceland from C$ 239 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 10/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Iceland ...and more Latest Iceland Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayReturn MOST POPULARReykjavik From Hamilton Direct from C$ 293 Search flights Good to know Low season December High season August Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 138% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 16% lower on average. FAQs - booking Iceland flights How do I connect from Keflavik International Airport (KEF) to the city centre? To connect from KEF to the city centre, consider boarding either a taxi or a bus. Although taxis offer the fastest option, buses would offer a cheaper option. You should note that Iceland has a Public Bus System that runs Bus 55, which plies the KEF to Reykjavik route. You will just locate BUS 55 sign outside your terminal and board it at the city's main bus terminal. Apart from Iceland, which other countries are served by Keflavik International Airport? Besides being the main hub of Iceland's international flights, the airport also receives travellers connecting to Iceland's neighbours, such as Norway and Greenland. Norway is located about 1,612 km (1,002 miles) from KE, while Greenland is located about 1,175 km (730 miles) from KEF. I would like to travel around Iceland by car with my children. What car seat do I need? Be aware that the Icelandic Transport Authority applies European standards to car seat safety. If you are planning to rent a car after your flight to Iceland, you should check to ensure that your car seat meets these standards. You can also rent a car seat with the rental company. You should use a rear-facing infant car seat for children under the age of 2, a car seat with an internal harness for children up to 18 kg, and a booster seat for children up to 36 kg. Are there any direct flights to Iceland? The national carriers Icelandair and Air Canada offer direct flights to Keflavik International Airport (KEF), which is Iceland's main international airport. Icelandair's direct flights depart from Vancouver (YVR), Edmonton (YEG), Halifax (YHZ), Toronto (YYZ) and Montreal (YUL), whereas Air Canada offers non-stop flights from Montreal and Toronto. Departing from any other Canadian city will involve a layover. Do I need a visa to visit Iceland? Iceland is a member of the European Union and lies within the borders of the Schengen area. Canadian passport holders staying in Iceland for less than 90 days do not need a visa. Be aware that the 90-day limit applies to the entire Schengen area. If you plan on visiting multiple countries in the Schengen area and the cumulative length of your stay exceeds 90 days, you will have to apply for a visa within the countries that you are travelling to. Your passport should be valid for at least 3 months beyond the date of your departure from Iceland. I want to visit the Blue Lagoon in Iceland. Where should I fly into? The Blue Lagoon is just 20 min from Keflavik Airport near Reykjavik and is easily accessible by road. The airport is well connected to the road network, so you can reach the Blue Lagoon within 15 min by taking Highway 41 when leaving the airport. Busses bound for the Blue Lagoon leave Keflavik Airport every hour and a return transfer costs 5,500 ISK (approximately 60 CAD). How long is the flight to Iceland? An average direct flight from Canada to Iceland takes 20h 48m, covering a distance of 7015 km. The most popular route is Toronto - Reykjavik with an average flight time of 5h 20m. What is the cheapest flight to Iceland? The cheapest ticket to Iceland from Canada found in the last 72 hours was C$ 221 one-way, and C$ 280 round-trip. The most popular route is Toronto Pearson Intl to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl and the cheapest round-trip airline ticket found on this route in the last 72 hours was C$ 478. Which airlines fly to Iceland? Icelandair, Turkish Airlines & PLAY fly the most frequently from Canada to Iceland. The most popular route is from Toronto to Reykjavik, and Icelandair and Turkish Airlines fly this route the most. How does KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a given destination and date is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Iceland Looking for cheap airfare to Iceland? 25% of our users found tickets to Iceland for the following prices or less: From Vancouver Intl C$ 707 one-way - C$ 806 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be January, February and December. The cheapest month to fly from Canada is November. Enter your preferred departure airport and travel dates into the search form above to unlock the latest Iceland flight deals. If you are flying to Iceland to witness the Reykjavik Art Festival that runs from late May to early June, please note that you will be forced to dig deeper into your pockets for the airfare. During this art festival period, most travellers from different parts of the world, Canada and the USA included, book their flights to Iceland. This leads to a dramatic rise in demand for flights to Iceland. With the increasing demand, airfares for most airlines are likely to increase. Keflavik International Airport (KEF) is one of the major airports that can serve as your destination airport, especially if your destinations are within the city centre. If you are deplaning from a late-night flight at KEF, please consider spending your night in the onsite Hotel Aurora. This onsite hotel will save you from the hassle of seeking suitable accommodation in the streets of Keflavik late at night. Besides KEF and Reykjavík International Airport (RKV), travellers from Canada to Iceland can also use the well-equipped Oslo Gardermoen Airport (OSL) airport in Norway as their destination airport. OSL airport has the highest number of flights from Canada than RKV and KEF. There are two airports servicing the capital of Iceland. However, all international flights arrive at Keflavik Airport (KEF), the main international airport in Iceland which is located about 50 km southwest of Reykjavik. National Icelandic carriers such as Icelandair and Air Iceland offer domestic flights departing from Reykjavik Airport (RKV), the main domestic airport located just 3 km from the city centre. If you'd like to explore the northern parts of Iceland, consider flying into Akureyri Airport (AEY) in North Iceland. From there you can rent a car and set out to see the Asbyrgi Canyon. To explore the remote Westfjords peninsula in Iceland's northwestern region, consider flying into Isafjorour Airport (IFJ), where you can rent a car to start your trip around the fjords. If you want to visit Iceland's eastern coastline and Vatnajokull National Park, you can catch a flight to Egilsstaoir Airport (EGS). Air Iceland offers regular flights between Egilsstaoir and Reykjavik. See more tips Top 5 airlines flying to IcelandNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Canada to Iceland? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 79food 86crew 82overall 78comfort 82boarding 77entertainment Airline reviews The two meals were plentiful and excellent. The drinks were continuous. Thanks, Crew very polite; however a bit "hazard" at the end as they were rushing us off; to prepare for the cleaning team and next flight. Baggage from Berlin was delayed; however through the apps etc; they kept me aware and informed.(.did receive my baggage about 36 hours after my flight arrival). Good experience; thank you.Read more about SWISS The two meals were plentiful and excellent. The drinks were continuous. Thanks, Crew very polite; however a bit "hazard" at the end as they were rushing us off; to prepare for the cleaning team and next flight. Baggage from Berlin was delayed; however through the apps etc; they kept me aware and informed.(.did receive my baggage about 36 hours after my flight arrival). Good experience; thank you. Missed connecting train since flight was late into Zurich and I had to stay at airport hotel because of it as well as I had to repurchase train ticket Pros: "Flight was cancelled. Kayak did not notify us. We found out by accident. There was no customer service from kayak. We had to solve with with the airline" Pros: "I was fortunate the person in front didn’t lean back" Cons: "On Swiss website I added Rehe preference for a lactose free meal — but none were on the plane. The economy seats are close enough together I needed to hold my book to the side to read." Pros: "Orderly boarding process. Considerate reseating when bulkhead with extra legroom were not usable." Cons: "Not missing my connecting flight. Being flown to the correct airport. Not having my luggage go missing." Pros: "Crew was attentive, video selection was very good" Cons: "Seat cushion was very hard for 7 hour fight. Bring a pillow!" Pros: "The crew was polite and continuously offering drinks, headphones and food/snacks. Kept us comfortable and happy during the flight!" Pros: "The crew was terrific and friendly as I expected." Cons: "I have no other suggestions here since I'm pleased with the flight and services." Cons: "Swiss would not let me get off at Zurich tonavoid a 6 hour layover. After the layover the flight was delayed to Malone’s a, causing me to miss my bus and making a total of 24 hours travel time. Disgusting mz" Pros: "Entertainment options excellent. Very happy to have my own row seat (exit row)." Cons: "Snack options (goldfish, biscotti cookie) getting tired." Pros: "Felt very clean and so glad they are not selling every seat" Pros: "Everything was on time and ran smoothly. The seats have more room than most airlines. They were generous with drinks and snacks." Pros: "I apreciated how well informed he captain kept us. There were several delays but she communicated freely and helped us to feel safe." Cons: "1. Board the plane from back to front! It is ridiculous the way it is currently done. 2. Get people to announce boarding who speak CLEAR English. 3. Further limit carry-on luggage." Pros: "Flight attendant's are awesome and they always try to make your flight better." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Food was excellent. The flight attendants took great "care" of us. Entertain system was great." Cons: "10.5 hours of flying" Pros: "Are usually fly international, and I really enjoy it. Flying domestic inside the US is bad because you never know when you will get flight delays, like we got. It wasn’t the fault of Delta, but it sucked." Cons: "Small seeds, no food, the flight delay" Pros: "Gate Agent was extremely helpful and compassionate regarding making sure our family (traveling with adolescent children)was accommodated ." Pros: "Arrived early. Got a beverage & snack which is becoming rarer with American carriers. Video selection was very good. Staff was nice and attentive. Overall a good flight at a reasonable price." Cons: "Narrow corridor to seats" Pros: "Crew was pleasant, flight was excellent, boarding was smooth, LOVED water upon arrival on plane" Cons: "Seats were uncomfortable, provide herbal/decaf hot tea, dried fruit snacks, BETTER SEATS, More plush maybe lumbar support, peanut butter & jelly sandwiches, minimal air circulation" Pros: "That we made it safely." Cons: "Seats extremely uncomfortable. As soon as someone reclines the seat in front of you, all leg room is shot down. Crew was not top notch" Pros: "Flight was cancelled and had to be rebooked, pushing our travel home back a day. No positives." Cons: "Work around the flight cancellation better to keep people on schedule." Pros: "The cabin crew were all pleasant and attentive. The entertainment system had a lot to offer." Cons: "The seat bottom was flat and hard." Pros: "The plane was on time and very clean" Cons: "Nowhere in the fair information supplied by kayak that you would have to pay for both food and bags. I would never have selected this fare had I known we would end up spending an extra $800 for checking bags! Iceland air is clean and efficient but all you were given is a Dixie cup size of a drink" Pros: "Everything was good for economy class." Cons: "The first leg of our Iceland Air fight was delayed, but they didn't update the departure time until after it was obvious that the plane wasn't going to be there on time. So we hurried to the gate only to wait nearly an hour. I wish they had updated the departure time earlier." Cons: "From top to bottom, this airline is extremely incompetent and should be seen as nothing more than a super cheap way to fly. Avoid if possible." Pros: "Everything was good." Cons: "I could not understand the announcements over the p.a.system too well, but other than that I had a positive experience on Icelandair." Cons: "You could have told me ahead of time that it costs $95 to bring a suitcase on board" Pros: "Crew was good and nice" Cons: "No meals provided, you had to pay for meals. Third and last time traveling with Icelandair- they have lost the luggage." Upon boarding, the people at the gate were extremely rude, there were no outlets on a 6 hour international flight, there was no entertainment, all food and drink was purchase only (even snacks), and my seat reclining function was fully broken. The only redeeming quality was the flight attendants were extremely nice. This was by far the worst flight I have ever been on in my entire life I don’t know how international flights can’t have media screens to keep people entertained for the long flight. Ugh. Typical experience for budget airline. Boarding from KEF required bus transit from the gate to plane, so if you had "priority boarding" it was useless as it was simply a free-for-all when getting off the bus. But still no issues with getting our luggage into overhead bin so not really a problem. Was very apprehensive about flying Play, but the flight was fine. Nothing special, nothing horrible. Fair price to get from New York to Iceland. I wasn’t able to check in online the day before or the day of because their web configuration or business model idk. I arrived an hour early and check was closed and there was no one around to speak to and eventually was told there was no possible way to get a digital ticket despite I had no luggage to check and would have easily made it through security to boarding and had to pay for a new ticket for $330 ontop of the $169 I spend for the ticket and then I missed my rental car for $305 because I only arrived at midnight instead of noon that I was originally intended. All booked through kayak. I hope there is some kind of insurance from kayak because this was totally preventable had I not been blocked by play air from getting my check in and plane ticket. The staff was very professional, the places very clean. The legroom was a little bit tight but so worth the price of the flight. Very pleased! Next time, I want to book a stayover to explore Iceland :) The boarding process was easy, the crew was friendly and the flight was very smooth. There is a limited menu the food was tasty, but you have to purchase everything. The cost of the flight was very reasonable but everything such as baggage is extra. Play is a great budget airline. There are no TVs or chargers in the seat but there was more legroom than expected. Boarding and all staff that I interacted with were great. You have to pay for any and all drinks or snacks you might want on flight. Play is a great budget airline. There’s more legroom than expected, no TVs or chargers in the seat, all staff that I interacted with were great. Blood sucker budgeted airline. Charging after and after. No one should busy air ticket in this airline. Completely a scam and sucking blood. The staff were kind and friendly. It was smooth going and coming back even though coming back with holiday traffic. Boarding, crew knowledge/experience, waiting time on a bus (in Lisbon) to our gate, poor directions and lack of staff to direct travelers through customs once landed in Toronto. Cons: "For my bistro meal, I would have preferred a wrap or sandwich instead of snack foods" Pros: "Consistent experience that gets you from A to B while providing nice perks (free stame-day standby on the old Rapidair routes)." Pros: "Good legroom," Cons: "Older aircraft, tray tables not level, rear washrooms no water, delayed departure" Pros: "Absolutely nothing horrible flight" Cons: "We were delayed 1hour and 45 minutes leaving Vancouver. As a result we missed our flight to Tokyo. We were promised by the flight attendant that our flights would be rebooked upon arrival in SAN Francisco and they were not." Pros: "Our flight attendant on this flight was really great. He was so friendly and upbeat." Cons: "Our plane for this flight made an unexpected stop in Detroit and we were told that they did not know "if the plane would be leaving Detroit or if another plane could be found for us". We honestly thought the flight would end up being cancelled and we would have to find somewhere to stay that night. They ended up finding another plane an hour and a half later and our gate was changed four times during our wait." Pros: "Everything was cool. Great staff and got there in time good movies and snacks. No complaints." Cons: "N/A" Cons: "AC was late causing a missed connection to YXE. They were unable to rebook us to Saskatoon for two or three days! They offered standby or Edmonton as our only options. We flew to Edmontonand then drove 6 hours in order to get home for work with no sleep. Unimpressed." Cons: "Probably not an Air Canada issue but we went to departures and were well through the process when we were told that our bag would have to be checked (which was obvious). The lady acted like it was my fault that the other person had let me through with a cart and a full sized suitcase. A second young lady was a bit more sympathetic and helpful. Thankfully we arrived at the airport well in advance." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Icelandair7.3 PLAY7.2 Air Canada7.1 Book Cheap Iceland Plane Tickets Recent one-way flight deals 10/12Sun directPLAY 5h 40mYHM-KEF C$ 176 Search 19/1Fri directPLAY 5h 40mYHM-KEF C$ 177 Search 16/3Sat directPLAY 5h 40mYHM-KEF C$ 181 Search 19/1Fri directIcelandair 5h 40mYYZ-KEF C$ 380 Search 10/1Wed directIcelandair 5h 40mYYZ-KEF C$ 387 Search 30/4Tue 2 stopsSWISS 19h 40mYTZ-KEF C$ 852 Search 30/4Tue 2 stopsSWISS 19h 40mYTZ-KEF C$ 853 Search 30/4Tue 1 stopDelta 12h 35mYYZ-KEF C$ 858 Search 30/4Tue 1 stopDelta 12h 35mYYZ-KEF C$ 859 Search 26/5Sun 2 stopsAir Canada 24h 20mYYC-KEF C$ 919 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePLAYIcelandairSWISSDeltaAir Canada Search by priceC$ 180 or lessC$ 380 or lessC$ 850 or lessC$ 860 or lessC$ 920 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 19/1Fri directPLAY 5h 40mYHM-KEF 27/1Sat directPLAY 6h 20mKEF-YHM C$ 216 Search 2/2Fri directPLAY 5h 40mYHM-KEF 10/2Sat directPLAY 6h 20mKEF-YHM C$ 236 Search 13/4Sat directIcelandair 5h 30mYYZ-KEF 21/4Sun directIcelandair 6h 05mKEF-YYZ C$ 352 Search 16/4Tue directIcelandair 5h 20mYYZ-KEF 23/4Tue directIcelandair 6h 05mKEF-YYZ C$ 354 Search 8/1Mon 2 stopsSWISS 36h 10mYYZ-KEF 17/1Wed 2 stopsSWISS 28h 15mKEF-YYZ C$ 618 Search 23/5Thu 1 stopAir Canada 25h 00mYYZ-KEF 2/6Sun directAir Canada 6h 00mKEF-YYZ C$ 620 Search 11/5Sat 1 stopAir Canada 11h 00mYYZ-KEF 15/5Wed 1 stopAir Canada 15h 59mKEF-YYZ C$ 634 Search 9/1Tue 2 stopsSWISS 19h 45mYTZ-KEF 17/1Wed 2 stopsSWISS 32h 31mKEF-YTZ C$ 768 Search 21/5Tue 1 stopDelta 9h 15mYUL-KEF 27/5Mon 1 stopDelta 11h 21mKEF-YUL C$ 973 Search 10/5Fri 1 stopDelta 12h 15mYUL-KEF 19/5Sun 1 stopDelta 28h 52mKEF-YUL C$ 1,010 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePLAYIcelandairSWISSAir CanadaDelta Search by priceC$ 240 or lessC$ 350 or lessC$ 620 or lessC$ 770 or lessC$ 1,010 or less Last minute flights to Iceland Last minute flight, train and bus deals 2/12Sat directPLAY 5h 40mYHM-KEF 9/12Sat directPLAY 6h 20mKEF-YHM C$ 369 Search 3/12Sun multi-stop 27h 40mYYZ-KEF 14/12Thu multi-stop 24h 28mKEF-YYZ C$ 634 Search 1/12Fri directIcelandair 5h 40mYYZ-KEF 5/12Tue directIcelandair 6h 15mKEF-YYZ C$ 798 Search 5/12Tue directIcelandair 5h 40mYYZ-KEF 12/12Tue directIcelandair 6h 15mKEF-YYZ C$ 945 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopLufthansa 33h 50mYYZ-KEF 5/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 28h 35mKEF-YYZ C$ 984 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopLufthansa 33h 50mYYZ-KEF 5/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 33h 45mKEF-YYZ C$ 985 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopSWISS 15h 25mYUL-KEF 11/12Mon multi-stopSWISS 29h 45mKEF-YUL C$ 1,172 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopSWISS 15h 25mYUL-KEF 9/12Sat multi-stopSWISS 29h 45mKEF-YUL C$ 1,273 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 11h 45mYYZ-KEF 10/12Sun multi-stopBritish Airways 13h 40mKEF-YYZ C$ 1,390 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 11h 45mYYZ-KEF 11/12Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 27h 13mKEF-YYZ C$ 1,412 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePLAYIcelandairLufthansaSWISSBritish Airways Search by priceC$ 630 or lessC$ 950 or lessC$ 990 or lessC$ 1,270 or lessC$ 1,410 or less Flights to Iceland Return flight deals: Iceland - Canada Cabin classes: First Class flights to Iceland C$ 1,486 Business Class flights to Iceland C$ 1,611 Prem Econ Class flights to Iceland C$ 377 Economy Class flights to Iceland Browse origins: Flights » Canada C$ 1,188Flights from Abbotsford to Iceland Flights from Alberta to Iceland Flights from British Columbia to Iceland C$ 514Flights from Calgary to Iceland C$ 2,716Flights from Comox to Iceland C$ 1,090Flights from Edmonton to Iceland C$ 1,705Flights from Fredericton to Iceland C$ 832Flights from Halifax to Iceland C$ 1,345Flights from Kelowna to Iceland C$ 1,287Flights from London, Ontario to Iceland C$ 3,334Flights from Moncton to Iceland C$ 1,150Flights from Nanaimo to Iceland Flights from Newfoundland and Labrador to Iceland Flights from Nova Scotia to Iceland Flights from Ontario to Iceland C$ 875Flights from Ottawa to Iceland Flights from Quebec to Iceland C$ 1,128Flights from Québec City to Iceland C$ 1,562Flights from Regina to Iceland C$ 4,345Flights from Rouyn-Noranda to Iceland C$ 4,095Flights from Saint John to Iceland C$ 1,596Flights from Saskatoon to Iceland C$ 2,140Flights from Sault Ste Marie to Iceland C$ 1,274Flights from St. John's to Iceland C$ 1,718Flights from Thunder Bay to Iceland C$ 2,450Flights from Timmins to Iceland C$ 280Flights from Toronto to Iceland C$ 5,215Flights from Val-d'Or to Iceland C$ 1,120Flights from Victoria to Iceland C$ 3,980Flights from Windsor, Ontario to Iceland C$ 695Flights from Winnipeg to Iceland View more Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Iceland C$ 280Flights to Reykjavik, Iceland Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Halifax Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to St. John's Flights to Saskatoon Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Iceland flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Iceland from anywhere in Canada. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to anywhere in Iceland from anywhere in Canada. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.