Cheap Flights from Portland to Las Vegas from $37 | (PDX - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW PDX - LAS Find cheap flights from Portland to Las Vegas from $37 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/8. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Portland to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Portland to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Portland to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Portland to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:10 pm - 6:26 pmPDX-LAS 2h 16mnonstop 2:40 pm - 5:06 pmLAS-PDX 2h 26mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Thu, Jan 11 6:00 am - 8:15 amPDX-LAS 2h 15mnonstop 9:15 am - 11:49 amLAS-PDX 2h 34mnonstop $40 Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Fri, Jan 19 7:40 pm - 10:00 pmPDX-LAS 2h 20mnonstop 7:42 pm - 10:14 pmLAS-PDX 2h 32mnonstop $41Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 1 - Sat, Jan 6 1:22 pm - 3:40 pmPDX-LAS 2h 18mnonstop 4:45 pm - 7:16 pmLAS-PDX 2h 31mnonstop $42 Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Tue, Jan 16 12:30 pm - 2:47 pmPDX-LAS 2h 17mnonstop 9:00 am - 11:34 amLAS-PDX 2h 34mnonstop $50Frontier Find Deal Wed, Feb 7 - Sat, Feb 10 7:28 pm - 9:41 pmPDX-LAS 2h 13mnonstop 6:00 am - 8:35 amLAS-PDX 2h 35mnonstop $60Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Fri, Dec 22 5:08 am - 12:17 pmPDX-LAS 7h 09m1 stop 11:37 am - 4:37 pmLAS-PDX 5h 00m1 stop $173American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Mon, Jan 8 5:40 pm - 11:38 pmPDX-LAS 5h 58m1 stop 4:10 pm - 9:45 pmLAS-PDX 5h 35m1 stop $175Alaska Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Thu, Jan 11 5:25 pm - 10:06 pmPDX-LAS 4h 41m1 stop 6:10 am - 12:40 pmLAS-PDX 6h 30m1 stop $177Delta Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Tue, Jan 16 6:55 pm - 9:04 pmPDX-LAS 2h 09mnonstop 6:40 pm - 8:40 amLAS-PDX 14h 00m2 stops $189Alaska Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Mon, Jan 8 Show more results Flights from Portland to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Portland to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Portland to Las Vegas? The average price of all flights from Portland to Las Vegas clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Portland to Las Vegas, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Thursday is the most expensive. Flying from Las Vegas back to Portland, the best deals are generally found on Friday, with Monday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Portland to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Portland to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Portland to Las Vegas is January, where tickets cost $99 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $192 and $188 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Portland to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Portland to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Portland to Las Vegas, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 15 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Portland to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Spirit Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $37. KAYAK users also found Portland to Las Vegas round-trip flights on Spirit Airlines from $39 and on Frontier from $50. Which airlines fly most frequently between Portland and Las Vegas? Alaska Airlines connects Portland to Las Vegas up to 4 flights per day, followed by Southwest (3 flights per day), and Spirit Airlines (2 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Portland and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Portland to Las Vegas. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Portland to Las Vegas. They are: Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $38 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Portland and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 13 nonstop flights that take off from Portland and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 2h 13m. The most common departure time is 12:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 75 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Portland and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Portland to Las Vegas take? The average nonstop flight takes 2h 06m, covering a distance of 762 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Portland to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Portland at 5:15 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 7:25 am. What’s the latest departure time from Portland to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Portland to Las Vegas jets off at 10:00 pm and lands at 12:05 am. Good to know Low season January High season March Cheapest flight $37 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 33% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 12% increase in price. Flight from Portland to Las Vegas When to book flights from Portland to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Portland to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Portland to Las Vegas Where can I sleep at Harry Reid International Airport? Zero Level Fitness, within LAS grounds, offers sleep rooms available for rent. The sleep rooms can be rented by the hour and come furnished with a microwave, fridge, and a single bed. When you rent a room at this establishment, you gain access to the fitness center, showers, lockers, and luggage storage facilities. You’ll find this establishment in Terminal 1 behind baggage claim. Which are the most sustainable airlines with flights from Portland to Las Vegas? If you’re looking to fly sustainably from Portland to Las Vegas, book your flight with Spirit Airlines, Alaska Airlines, and Frontier Airlines. Around 592 kg of carbon is emitted per passenger on flights from Portland to Las Vegas. These airlines emit 66%, 62%, and 61% less carbon per passenger and offer nonstop flights on this route. Which accessible services are offered at Portland International Airport? PDX has provided elevators and ramps for step-free access, reserved parking spots, and accessible restrooms around the airport for passengers with reduced mobility. The airport also has courtesy wheelchairs and provides wheelchair assistance. PDX is also working with Aira to help the visually impaired safely get through the airport. PDX has a sensory room with special lighting and music to calm passengers with autism. Visual paging is also available in all concourses. What is the quickest way of getting to Portland International Airport? There are many ways of getting to PDX, but if you find yourself running late, opt for the MAX Light Rail system. The airport is connected to the city’s light rail system, with these trains running from downtown to the airport every 15min, and they offer the quickest means of getting to PDX. What facilities are available for families with children at Portland International Airport and McCarran International Airport? Portland International Airport has two children’s play areas, one post-security and one pre-security. The post-security play area is located in Terminal C and features a variety of toys and even a slide. McCarran International Airport also has a children’s play area available in Terminal 1 by the D Gates. Can I fly from Portland to Las Vegas non-stop? Yes, Sun Country Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and Alaska Airlines all offer direct flights from Portland to Las Vegas. One-stop flights are also available between the two cities offered by airlines like United Airlines and Delta Air Lines, with layovers along the way in cities like San Francisco and Salt Lake City. Where is McCarran International Airport’s designated rental car area? The McCarran Rent-A-Center is located three miles away from the airport, with complimentary shuttles running between the center and the airport. For travelers arriving at Terminal 1 of McCarran International Airport, the rental car shuttles pick up passengers outside of Baggage Claim on Level 1, by Doors 10 and 11. For arrivals at Terminal 3, the rental pickup zone is outside of West Doors 51 to 54 and East Doors 55 to 58 on Level Zero. What premium lounges are there at McCarran International Airport? The Centurion Lounge in Terminal 1 or the Club at LAS lounge in Terminal 3 are two of McCarran International Airport’s premium lounges and, conveniently for travelers, both are open to travelers from all airlines. In the lounges travelers will find shower facilities, among other things. Do I need a passport to fly between Portland and Las Vegas? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Portland to Las Vegas. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airports will I be using when flying from Portland to Las Vegas? Portland and Las Vegas are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Portland from Portland and will be arriving at Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Portland to Las Vegas? Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta, Horizon Air, and JetBlue offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Portland to Las Vegas flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Portland to Las Vegas? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Portland to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Portland to Las Vegas? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between Portland and Las Vegas. On which days can I fly direct from Portland to Las Vegas? There are nonstop flights from Portland to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Portland to Las Vegas, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Portland to Las Vegas are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $258 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $296 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Portland to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Portland to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Portland to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Portland is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Portland to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Portland with another airline. Booking your flights between Portland and LAS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Portland to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Portland up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from PDX to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $49 or less one-way and $78 or less round-trip. Are you nervous about flying? Portland International Airport (PDX) has a therapy dog program, where trained therapy dogs are used to calm and de-stress nervous passengers before their flight. Therapy dogs wear special vests and walk around the airport, and give hugs to stressed passengers. De-stress with a holistic foot, chair, or full-body massage before your flight to Las Vegas. You can get these serves at Dragontree Spa, which is located on Concourse C, airside at PDX. For those flying to Las Vegas for the casinos, don’t wait until you get on The Strip for all the fun to begin. Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) has over 1, 300 free standing slot machines situated throughout the terminal building where you can try your luck. You need to be at least 21 to gamble. If you have some time to pass after your flight, check out the art in LAS or learn something at the Aviation Museum. Various art exhibits are displayed around LAS, and you’ll find the Howard W. Cannon Aviation Museum in Terminal 1. The museum gives a fascinating insight into aviation history in Southern Nevada and is open 24 hours. Do you need some cash urgently? Wells Fargo has a full-service bank in Terminal 1 at LAS. They offer all banking services, including currency exchange services, but you can also get these services from Travelex in Terminal 1, around the baggage claim. Looking to get a bit of a workout in during your time at McCarran International Airport? ZEROlevel Fitness & Wellness in Terminal 1 is the place for you. It is a fully-equipped gym featuring weights, cardio machines, and a range of other equipment to ensure you can get a full workout in, even while traveling. To bring a bit of ambiance to its terminals, Portland International Airport hosts a range of live musical performances everyday of the week. The musical performances range in style from standard pop repertoires to the more quirky and funky, but no matter what they are sure to bring a bit of cheer to the airport’s halls. Travelers with pets accompanying them on their flights from Portland to Las Vegas will be happy to hear that there are pet relief areas in both Portland International Airport and McCarran International Airport. The designated pet relief areas are found outside of McCarran International Airport’s Terminal 1 by Baggage Claim and outside of Terminal 3’s Departures area. In Portland International Airport, the pet relief areas are found pre-security outside of Concourse E across from the Parking Garage and post-security in the Concourse Connector. Business travelers looking for meeting spaces, work spaces, or just a place to prep materials should stop by Portland International Airport’s Conference Center. Located on main terminal’s mezzanine level above the Oregon Market, the Conference Center features private working areas, meeting spaces, and other amenities and services. For many travelers, the free airport-to-hotel shuttles are the best means of getting into the city from the airport. However, if you plan on relying on public transport, there are public bus stops located on Level Zero of Terminal 1 and by the Departures Curb on Level 2 of Terminal 3. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Portland to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Portland to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Portland to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +2 more 1 Tuesday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +2 more 1 Wednesday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +2 more 1 Thursday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +2 more 1 Friday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +2 more 1 Saturday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +2 more 1 Sunday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Portland Search Flights Monday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Korean Air, +2 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Korean Air, +2 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Korean Air, +2 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Korean Air, +2 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Friday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Korean Air, +2 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Saturday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Korean Air, +2 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Korean Air, +2 more Alaska Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Portland to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Portland to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Portland to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 85overall 85boarding 88crew 78entertainment 79food 82comfort Airline reviews Pros: "I like the new regional jets. Super good experience overall."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "I like the new regional jets. Super good experience overall." Cons: "Limited options of entertainment for a 10.5 hour flight. I was happy that I downloaded a lot of content on my devices before my trip. Everything on the flight had a purchase option but got rather spendy to get headphones, entertainment, additional food & drink." Pros: "The snack was a whole sandwich that was quite tasty and in my opinion far better than the two meals I was served on my US to Europe flight on Condor. The staff were very kind, accommodating and served us damp linens to wipe our hands with before eating, which I did not receive on the Condor flight." Pros: "Overall, a great experience." Cons: "The flight attendants were excellent overall, but one of them reacted unprofessionally when I asked her to throw something away prior to departure. (I believe it was the first class flight attendant, as I did not interact with her again after take off)." Pros: "Flight was ok." Cons: "They took away our seats and then gave us new ones but we were separated. My son is 2 and I was t able to sit with him and my wife." Pros: "Crew was so accommodating! Excellent service and personality. Smooth easy flight" Cons: "Miss airline meals but realize this was a short flight. Everyone was great." Cons: "I was in 1st class and they ran out of breakfast options." Pros: "I was so impressed with the genuine kindness and caring of the crew." Pros: "Employees were pleasant, not overcrowded. Plenty of leg room" Cons: "We were skipped for snacks and I waited for a drink of anything! No entertainment of any kind!" Pros: "The crew was extremely helpful and friendly!" Cons: "The seats, overall, could have been more comfortable... I have somewhat of a backache after my trip." Cons: "Delayed flight planning - would have been nice to delay the flight before boarding." Cons: "Flight was delayed almost 3 hrs. Ran out of food right before my row. I upgraded my seat but feel I got the short end of the stick." Pros: "Just a great experience Delta is still above the rest excluding Hawaiian" Cons: "Cant think of anything" Cons: "After a delay of about an hour on a very full flight the gate agent asked for volunteers to check their rollaboard suitcases. The gate agents then allowed those who checked their rollaboards to board before Zone 1,which was fine. However, a bunch of people without gate check stickers on the rollaboards were also allowed to board before Zone 1, which was aggravating. There was a long delay on the tarmac, during which we had to pull back to the gate or to a maintenance area before we finally took off. When we arrived in Vegas there was no gate for us to pull into, which led to another long delay of an already long and delayed flight." Pros: "crew was nice and pilot was informative." Cons: "1. flight was delayed twice, which meant my arrive was delayed in Cincinnati. 2. boarding was a nightmare. After 2 delays, I was crammed into zone 4. I dont fly as often, the seats space seems to be getting smaller. 5. I sat next an overweight person. I didn't like my personal space violated. 6. The flight offer movies, I slept. Yet kept getting elbowed by this overweight neighbor. 7. I am a single, independent person. I prefer to sit near the front. First on and settled and 1st off and gone!" Pros: "The flight crew was friendly and personable. Beverage service was consistent and efficient. Entertainment and free WiFi messaging were great perks." Cons: "The positives don’t even come close to offsetting the misery of Delta’s seats. I honestly don’t remember the last time I was so cramped and uncomfortable. I’m not an abnormally large man - 6 feet 200 lbs - and there was no room for my legs or my shoulders in an “upgraded economy” seat. I fly weekly for work on another major airline, and only took this one in a crunch. But I am quite certain this was my last Delta flight and I’ll be advising others similarly. The service and entertainment aren’t sufficient to mask an awful seat configuration." Pros: "Good selection of movies/shows." Cons: "Flight was delayed half an hour due to “medical emergency”. Guy passed out as we were about to take off so we turned back to the gate and sat on the plane for over 30 mins while we waited for medical personnel to check the guy out. Then had to wait another 15 mins for the fuel truck to refill us because we had burnt so much sitting there. I understand that we had to turn back due to his condition but why was he not removed from the plane and put on a later flight when he felt better instead of making all of us late? You would think after all this the crew would be kind and appreciate our patience but 2 of the flight attendants were the exact opposite of that. Both of them were very short with people and the one kept rolling her eyes at people as they were handing out drinks. The only thing I would give 5 stars is the tv entertainment. My seat wouldn’t even recline for me to enjoy though." Pros: "Typical flight, all went well. Special services picked me up at the plane." Pros: "Getting to the correct destination." Cons: "The fact that the lack of knowledge regarding international travel visas by the counter staff and supervisor meant that two days of the vacation were lost. Upon arrival in China the 144 hour travel visa was granted with no problem within minutes, but the U.S. staff was completely befuddled by the possibility. The interrogation was completely stressful and resulted in a reschedule of the original flight and during the second attempt at flying even an email from the U.S. consulate with a link to the Shanghai/Chinese government immigration site was deemed "not official enough". i will be expecting proper compensation. I was once given an $850 travel voucher for voluntarily giving up my seat, and was flown first class to Hawaii, given 4 star accomodation and then flown first class on to China within 48 hours. This was an involuntary bump from our chosen flight time, all because of a lack of knowledge about current visa regulations and international law on the part of the check in staff. We have been loyal Delta users for over 15 years, and this was the biggest blunder ever. Also humiliating and extremely frustrating, stressful and a big problem with fulfilling our travel plans between son and father." Pros: "The flight got delayed and than it was also late" Cons: "Be on time" Pros: "When I checked in for my flight I was given another passenger’s ticket (very similar name) and my checked bag was then sent to this other flight destination. when I got to my gate (correct destination) I discovered the error. The gate crew worked hard to get my checked bag off the wrong flight and rerouted to my flight within 20 minutes of my flight’s departure." Pros: "it was a direct flight" Cons: "allowing to check bags in late. didn’t allow us to & made us take our bags thru TSA. We told them that we had liquids in there & would need to check them in at the kiosk bc tsa would throw them away. They said “it’s okay, just let tsa know we said it was ok” tsa threw our stuff away & lost a lot of" Pros: "Crew and gate staff very helpful (see below)." Cons: "I needed wheelchair assist at both ends. In each case I was waiting over 30 min. At the departure end there was a danger of missing the flight so one of the gate staff wheeled me, Amina was amazing. Another long wait at SFO. I spent almost as much time waiting for wheelchairs as I did on the flight!" Pros: "Check in was easy and quick" Cons: "Plane could have been cleaner. Price is ok, but not as good as it seems once you add luggage." Pros: "Decent leg room." Cons: "Delay boarding, delay on tarmac after leaving gate, no complimentary food offered, need to pay additional for ANY seat you choose, need to pay for baggage even carry on, took over an hour to get baggage" Cons: "I missed the flight because they did not allow online check in. The check in closed 45 min before the flight and I got to the airport 35 min before the flight because my first flight at LGA was cancelled and I had to spend $250 to uber yo EWR. They charged me $200 and only refunded me vouchers" Pros: "Crew was great!" Cons: "I didn’t realize I had to pay for a carry on" Pros: "The crew was absolutely wonderful And seat was the most comfortable ever" Pros: "The price was perfect and suited my needs. Very friendly staff. Thank you" Cons: "I cant think of anything to complain about. My trip went very smoothly" Pros: "Boarding was fast. We arrived early." Cons: "It was too cold & they kept turning on the lights (it was a late night flight)." Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "The AC was broken - only the front half of the plane was getting it. The back half was very hot." Pros: "Great crew and online customer service..." Cons: "1- Flight Behind Schedule 2- Live customer service agents are truly non-existent until 1.5hrs before ‘departure’" Pros: "Arrived on time after boarding was delayed. Great price/ you get what you pay for." Cons: "No diaper changing station in any of the 3 bathrooms.flight attendants could have been friendlier" Cons: "I am so angry booking with them. I booked the flight and then thought, ok I will add a rental car. It said clearly that the rental Car could be canceled up until 24 hours before the flight. Well, 2 weeks before the flight, my friend said, don’t get a rental car, I will have my car. So I cancelled and only then did I find out that once I booked it through their site I could not get a refund for the car and I could only get a voucher for use on one of their flights! And only after they take out any fees and costs that was accrued! So angry!" Cons: "Flight was very late. Have to pay $45 for a carry-on bag. Seats were uncomfortable and have to pay for all snacks and drinks including water." Pros: "Better than on time Smooth sailing through south bend airport!" Cons: "Just have to remember thrift airline No seat going back" Cons: "Cut my already short trip even shorter. I used this airline twice now, and both times I was delayed." Cons: "I understand that Allegiant has a pricing structure to implement, but forcing passengers to keep personal items between their feet when most of the overhead compartments were empty was just insulting and ridiculous - not to mention dangerous. In the event of extreme turbulence (or worse), all those personal items would be flying around the cabin." Cons: "Our engine seats at the rear of the plane were of course a little noisy at first. We got these seats on both our flights. Hoped that at least one-way we would have managed seats with a window." Pros: "Flight was mostly smooth." Cons: "Flight crew announcements were too loud and too frequent. Landing at PHL was unusually rough." Pros: "Crew did the best they could with the situation" Cons: "An hr delay because our plane was delayed an hr due to there being too much fuel and it seems a lot of delays that were very preventable" Pros: "Great crew - good attitudes." Cons: "Delayed for an hour due to a log book issue." Cons: "I upgraded my seats, but we still didn’t get any extras for the price." Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Pros: "It was fine. Just not anything great." Cons: "Many groups were not seated together. at the airport I asked if my husband and I could be put together . One worker seemed interested in helping, but another rudely butted in and said there "were no seats together, the flight was full." Come to find out the flight was not full, there were whole rows not full. The groups near our seats rearranged ourselves so we could be by our family members, so it worked out. No thanks to the person at the terminal. Really long walk from the gate to the plane. No food on a cross country flight. Only a few cups of water/soda and a cookie. which unfortunately is typical now days. The lights were off the whole trip. The captain kept turning on the seat belt sign for the turbulence. Which there was a lot of. But then he would announce for everyone to go back to their seats. It wasn't huge bumps, just a little rough. and it woke everyone up by announcing it multiple times." Cons: "The flight was delayed by an hour because one flight attended didn’t come to work on time" Cons: "Our flight was delayed for 1 hour, the cabin crew was slightly rude and cold. Did not feel welcome" Cons: "No entertainment. No food. The flight was 2:25 minutes but American Airlines managed to make it take three and a half hours. The tone of staff was closer to prison guards than airline hostesses." Pros: "Ticket agents at all airports were helpful and very considerate." Cons: "We were not able to print our boarding passes the day before as expected per the website and purchase docs for the tickets, despite providing passport numbers (several times) and Global Entry registrations. Had to go to a ticket desk at first departure and third departure points to have them printed, with no explanations given. Also not allowed to choose our seats for the third leg. Food was barely edible. Paid extra for roomier seats on one leg, making it more comfortable, but were extremely tight on another leg which had many empty seats scattered throughout the cabin. Cabin attendants seemed more interested in pushing items that generated revenue than providing the ones that came with the ticket (which is never cheap to begin with)." Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 Allegiant Air7.2 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Portland to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Portland to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/8Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 16mPDX-LAS $37 Search 12/11Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 15mPDX-LAS $38 Search 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 13mPDX-LAS $39 Search 12/8Fri nonstopFrontier 2h 13mPDX-LAS $40 Search 1/13Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 08mPDX-LAS $77 Search 1/3Wed 1 stopDelta 5h 27mPDX-LAS $89 Search 3/16Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 15mPDX-LAS $99 Search 12/29Fri 1 stopDelta 4h 18mPDX-LAS $109 Search 3/25Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 4h 50mPDX-LAS $138 Search 3/20Wed 1 stopUnited Airlines 4h 50mPDX-LAS $144 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAlaska AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$40 or less$90 or less$110 or less$140 or less Last minute flights from Portland to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Portland to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 13mPDX-LAS 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 32mLAS-PDX $86 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 2h 13mPDX-LAS 12/6Wed nonstop 2h 32mLAS-PDX $92 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 13mPDX-LAS 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 32mLAS-PDX $96 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 13mPDX-LAS 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 29mLAS-PDX $143 Search 12/1Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 13mPDX-LAS 12/1Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 28mLAS-PDX $278 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopSun Country Air 23h 41mPDX-LAS 12/6Wed multi-stopSun Country Air 31h 02mLAS-PDX $434 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 11h 01mPDX-LAS 12/15Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 5h 32mLAS-PDX $546 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 16h 51mPDX-LAS 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 25mLAS-PDX $555 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 22h 32mPDX-LAS 12/6Wed multi-stopAlaska Airlines 6h 03mLAS-PDX $576 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 4h 09mPDX-LAS 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 01mLAS-PDX $620 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesSun Country AirAlaska AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$90 or less$140 or less$430 or less$560 or less$620 or less Portland - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Portland (PDX)United States Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Portland Cabin classes: $633 First Class flights to Las Vegas $989 Business Class flights to Las Vegas $578 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas $39 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » United States » Oregon » Portland $35Flights from Portland to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $35Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Ontario Flights to Honolulu Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Houston Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Portland. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Las Vegas from Portland. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.