Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Hawaii from $84 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Hawaii from $84 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Hawaii ...and more Latest Hawaii Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULARHonolulu From Los Angeles 1 stop from $155 Search Flights Kahului From Los Angeles Nonstop from $176 Search Flights Kailua-Kona From Los Angeles Nonstop from $187 Search Flights Lihue From Los Angeles 1 stop from $187 Search Flights Hilo From Los Angeles 1 stop from $256 Search Flights Hoolehua From Los Angeles 1 stop from $409 Search Flights Good to know Low season February High season July Cheapest flight $84 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 25% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 36% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Honolulu FAQs - booking Hawaii flights What are some of the transportation options to get from Daniel K. Inouye International Airport to downtown Honolulu? If you are the type of traveler that likes to use public transportation to make your way from the airport, you should consider traveling on Line number 20, operated by TheBus, which can make the trip downtown and around 28 minutes. If you prefer to travel in a taxi or a town car on this route, you should expect a trip time of about 9 minutes. If I would like to rent a car when I arrive at Daniel K. Inouye International Airport, where will I find the rental car companies? This airport features a five-story consolidated rental car center that houses all of the 10 or so rental car companies that operate at this airport. Passengers will find an entrance to the facility right across from Terminal 2, just outside of Baggage Claims 26 and 31. Passengers that arrive at any other point in the airport can proceed outside and board the free rental car shuttle that can take them to the facility. Is it possible to utilize it rideshare service when I arrive at Daniel K. Inouye International Airport? There are three different dedicated pick up points for rideshare vehicles at this airport. The first of these sits on the second floor of the Terminal 1 parking garage. The second one is on the second floor of the Terminal 2 parking garage, and the third one is on the second floor of the consolidated rental car facility. What are some of the transportation options to travel from Kona International Airport to the center of Kailua-Kona? One choice that utilizes public transportation is to travel on the Line 202 bus operated by Hele-On Bus, that can take passengers from the airport to the downtown area in about 28 minutes. If you would prefer to make this trip in a taxi or a town car, you should expect a drive time of around 16 minutes. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Hawaii? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Hawaii. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Hawaii? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Hawaii from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Hawaii? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Hawaii with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Hawaii? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Hawaii from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Hawaii Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Los Angeles to the following destinations at these prices or less: Honolulu $168 one-way - $240 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be June and July. The cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles is December. Morning departure is around 13% cheaper than an evening flight, on average*. Passengers looking for direct flights to Hawaii from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) should consider direct flight offerings aboard American Airlines, United Airlines, and Delta Airlines to Daniel K. Inouye International Airport (HNL). There are also direct flights aboard American Airlines, United Airlines, and Hawaiian Airlines to Kona International Airport (KOA). If you are a member of the military that is looking to get freshened up after a long flight from Los Angeles, the Daniel K. Inouye International Airport offers shower facilities in the USO Military Lounge that has a location in Terminal 2. Passengers traveling with children that plan on renting a car when they arrive in Hawaii should know that all children under the age of four years old need to ride in a children's safety seat. Children between the ages of four and seven need to travel in either a child safety seat or a booster seat. Passengers looking for a convenient way to get from downtown Los Angeles to Los Angeles International Airport without driving in their own car should consider the FlyAway bus that travels from Union Station in downtown to the airport in about 40 minutes. If you plan on taking one of the nonstop flights from Los Angeles International Airport aboard Delta, American, or United Airlines, each of these airlines offers lounges inside of the terminal buildings that all offer comfortable seating, food and beverage choices, and entertainment options. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to HawaiiNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Hawaii? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 88overall 89boarding 84food 86comfort 90crew 85entertainment Airline reviews Cons: "American airlines, No entartainment, no hi hello from the crew, no food, not even water... Funny guys, why the have flight people inside the plane :) domestic airlines are always joke compared to the world domestic or overseas...."Read more about Japan Airlines Cons: "American airlines, No entartainment, no hi hello from the crew, no food, not even water... Funny guys, why the have flight people inside the plane :) domestic airlines are always joke compared to the world domestic or overseas...." Pros: "The crew was great and entering and exiting the plane was quick." Cons: "The seats could have been more comfortable, but I feel like that is a comment for most planes that fly internationally." Pros: "The coach seats were larger than seats for domestic flights. The windows were dimmable for optimal lighting." Cons: "The armrests did not go up all the way, which made it difficult to maximize comfort with my travel partner." Cons: "The crew members could have been more courteous to clients on the flight by lowering their voices when conversating among themselves." Pros: "Crew was attentive and informative of delays" Cons: "This was American Airlines .. my Bags came out late even though i was in Biz Class" Pros: "Crew was amazingly nice, friendly and very helpful..." Cons: "The 767 business class seat from Tokyo to Jakarta could be better. Movies and other entertainment needs more variety. Not enough movies..." Pros: "The window shades were so cool. Seat was small but fairly comfortable and I like the foot rest." Cons: "No vegetarian options on the main meal menu" Pros: "The flight attendants were very attentive and polite, seats are some of the most comfortable of any airline I've flown (particularly compared to the US domestics), entertainment is solid (although the English movie selection was not that large), and we were regularly offered food and drink if we were awake. I would definitely recommend JAL to others." Cons: "The food was not to my liking (i.e., all Japanese style, but not necessarily types that appeal more to Westerners) but it was palatable." Pros: "That I probably won’t have to deal with AA for a while." Cons: "The boarding process was a joke. No seat assignments until the last second. The front desk personnel would not help us with a seat assignment and said they were “working on it”. I sat down with my wife in the waiting area and observed the front desk personnel joking around with each other for the next 45 minutes before the flight. Very unprofessional and not helpful. Not a good way to represent your airline." Pros: "Food wasn’t bad and flight crew were polite Flight took off around the time intended. Boarded and deplaned passengers quickly" Cons: "Flight was too warm for 11hrs and I had to ask for temp to be reduced. Very stuffy Didn’t have sparkling water after 4hrs or ginger ale" Pros: "Everything from crew to food was great. For a 14 hour flight its helpful to have good service." Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "The seat smells like it was not clean. They did not serve snack between lunch and dinner. You need to get it at their station. We were really thirsty and a bit hungry..." Pros: "Crew was the best part. They were very friendly and helpful." Cons: "Very limited English movie selections for such a long flight. Could not turn Chinese subtitles off for some. Very distracting. Seats in economy (according to online comparisons) are some of the best in the industry but I felt extremely cramped and uncomfortable for the entire flight. Long haul flights should not have seats this small. Also, for health reasons, all seats should have foot rests. It shouldn't be about money, people can die from sitting like that for so long. Also, the food that I could eat was good, but there should be a no fish option. You have a lot of diet types available to choose from but none guarantee no fish. The process for requesting a special meal online was not clear and confusing." Pros: "Our flight from LA to Tapei was outstanding. We were served 2 full meals and both meals exceeded my expectations in terms of quality. The entertainment options were decent, there were several TV shows with recent episodes available to watch as well as a good sized library of movies including some new releases." Cons: "The only thing I would ask for is more than 4 episodes of each TV show. Overall our flight was great." Pros: "I like the food and entertainment. But they should served drinks more often as possible rather than waiting for the customer to ask for it." Pros: "2 free meals, attendants were very nice and ready to serve, free wine and multiple coffee and tea and drink calls. Also the flight was cheaper than most, which credits all the previous feedback provided." Cons: "Can't think of anything. Trip was pretty nice." Pros: "Great flight Staff friendly" Cons: "Lost mini suitcase (was found and delivered within 24hrs) Broken wheels on bigger suitcase" Pros: "Lots of flight attendants to deal with such a large plan of passengers. They came around often with snacks and refreshments." Cons: "Entertainment was a little lacking." Cons: "Since I traveled with my daughter (4yo), I got to board early from LAX to TPE but my second flight from TPE to BKK, I had to wait till they called my zone seat. I was holding my daughter at that point since they took away my stroller way earlier than the boarding time. I would like to ask for the same standard of parents traveling with children who are 6 or younger to board first so they can get settle and these patents are tiring from dealing with their children during the flight. They are extra tired than regular passengers." Pros: "Flying EVA is always a great experience. This time no different. Elite cLass is very much worth the extra cost." Cons: "I wish there was air conditioning. It was very warm ok the plane." Cons: "Extremely bad service at the ticket counter. Really disappointed, really disappointed" Pros: "Premium Economy did not meet our expectation compared to even US airlines." Cons: "Crew Service was not very good." Pros: "I paid $190 for extra legroom for an economy seat by an exit door, however the remote for the entertainment screen encroached an inch on the already VERY narrow seats - I'm six foot three and 215 pounds and both hips were in full pressing contact against the sides of the seat - TOO NARROW!" Cons: "Seats too narrow in Economy." Pros: "Entertainment was OK, but no wi fi offered." Cons: "I AM FURIOUS VOYAMA SPELLED MY NAME WRONG 'RUSSELLG" CONNECTED AS ONE WORD RATHER THAN "RUSSELL G EWALD." WHEN I FOUND THIS OUT A DAY AND A HALF BEFORE MY FLIGHT, THEY REFUSED SAID NO CHANGE CAN BE MADE LESS THAN 48 HOURS IN ADVANCE. I WROTE FOR RETURN FLIGHT WEEK IN ADVANCE AND WON'T CHANGE IT" Pros: "Familiarity with Cathay Pacific procedures" Cons: "The airplane seemed a bit outdated. A WiFi option would have been more pleasant. Crew spoke only English, not the classic Cathay Pacific experience to HK." Pros: "Crew was nice to direct you to where your seat is. Food was good." Cons: "Snacks n drinks..water or soda offered after few hrs from dinner. Passengers should not ask for drinks or snack. I mean crackers or biscuits few hrs in mid flight. Even if passengers are mostly asleep, a crew member can walk down aisles with a tray of snacks. This will help some people wha mught not like the food or type 2 diabetic people who needs to eat n drink every 2 to 3 hrs. Signage on boarding gate is not clear. Your flight number and boarding time was in small projected sentences under a huge lettered former destination place." Pros: "Very uneventful flights and that is a good thing. Friendly flight crew, good food served and on time." Cons: "The aircraft from was showing some wear." Pros: "Staff was terrific. On time. That’s most important." Cons: "Seats were not great. Don’t recline properly. Food Very salty. No WyFy. Issue with point allocations and issue entering business Lounge. Purchased membership for this purpose . Was downgraded on my Marco Polo Membership. An error by the airlines. Won’t fly again with this airlines as a result." Cons: "i had a surfboard bag that weighed 11lbs and my daughter had a surfboard bag that weighed 21 lbs and we are being charged $200 each both ways for a total charge of $800 round trip. This is an outragous fee for surfboard and other airlines specificly Alaskian Air, Quanties, and Virgin Australia have been letting us travel with surfboard bags for free that weight 3 times that much. I will never take Cathay Pacific again as we paid more for these flights because we had heard they do not charge for surfboard and they have great service. I had a total of $1200 fspending money for food and transportation for my trip to Bali. That leaves me with $400. Never again will I travel with Cathay Pacific and I will be spreading the word through social Media! Not a Happy Customer!!!" Cons: "There are too many announcements on the screen before you can start watching entertainment. It takes about 15 minutes." Pros: "Clean plane, fast boarding process." Cons: "No power to charge a device. This really is unacceptable in today’s world." Cons: "Cabin was freezing cold. Flight on time. No major issuess" Cons: "Even though we pay exorbinant prices: The poorest selection of non-meat vegetarian food." Cons: "There was no entertainment at all, and pretzels are gross" Cons: "inflight entertainment wasn't working on my seat only which made my 6 hour flight seem even longer :(" Pros: "A 2 hr delay after boarding with precious little communication from the crew." Cons: "Flight was delayed an hour. Poor communication with passengers during the process." Pros: "On time arrival" Cons: "No movie screens, no video screens, no charging options, no blankets, no pillows, no fun." Pros: "seat was comfortable. flight almost on time food was poor" Cons: "food was poor" Cons: "The seats were narrow and cramped. The entertainment system only worked on the UA app. No one informed us that the app was required until we were aboard and it was too late to download and install the app. Flight attendants did not seem happy. Baggage return was delayed." Pros: "Meals were good, good service, complimentary food and drink at good intervals" Cons: "Booked a cheap flight but United wouldn't allow us to carry on our federally regulated carry on bags because we bought an economy class ticket. Made our flight expensive and will try and avoid United in our future flight plans" Pros: "Overall the flight process was fine." Cons: "Kayak is not transparent enough about highlighting which flights are low cost flights during purchasing. I thought I was purchasing a regular fare where I could bring a normal carry-on onto the flight, but this was a low cost flight and I had to check my bag. This information was not disclosed until after payment, and I believe this is dishonest on the part of Kayak. Kayak needs to be much more upfront about the details of the flights so that we passengers can select flights according to their needs. I felt deceived by the fare and would have purchased a different flight if I would have known ahead of time." Pros: "-Blue lighting and head space makes the plane feel more open. -Staff was patient considering the unfair backlash they were getting for the recent abuse of a United passenger. -Seats were well cushioned. -I arrived home to my family alive, unhurt, and safe." Cons: "-2 hour delay (especially after I arrived 2 hours early) is unacceptable. -Overhead bins too low over our seats. We can't stand up straight at our seats making it very difficulty to get in and out of our seats. -Couldn't access entertainment on my Mac laptop. -Bathroom closets are too small. Floors in the bathroom were consistently wet because the sink is too small for people to wash their hands. -Two bathrooms for the majority of the passengers on the plane is just not enough and you know it. It's pretty uncivilized. It creates a line at the back of the plane covering at least 5 rows. Then, your aisles are too narrow. So we have to rub our bodies up against each other to let people squeeze through. -I think you guys could do better than one tiny bag of pretzel mix for a 5 hour flight. -Let's get upper management flying in economy across the country and see what they would change." Cons: "They (united airlines) put my wife's luggage in the wrong flight and we are still waiting for it to arrive. It's already been 8 hrs since we landed and every time we call them, they're telling us it's scanned in a different city. Now she is without clothes and her necessities." Pros: "There was a nice selection of entertainment" Cons: "The plane was not comfortable at all for an International flight. United should invest in bigger planes for flights over 6 hours. I could hardly sleep since the seats were so uncomfortable. Further, I was unable to get up and move around as much as I had on other international flights. There was no room on this plane to walk around and stretch. The food was mediocre. Quantas, Air China and Japan Airlines have much better meals." Pros: "The crew was very attentive. They offered refreshments when we needed." Pros: "Everything went well with United at LAX. Baggage check-in and boarding were very easy. Interesting and fun entertainment options made the flight go extremely fast. Crew was very polite and accommodating." Cons: "Leg room seems to be getting smaller and smaller in economy class; could barely move in my window seat." Cons: "I was flying with 3 others and my screen didn't worked at all and 1 earphone port didn't worked from the other guys and when we asked the flight attendants what she can do she answered that she can't do anything" Japan Airlines8.7 EVA Air8.5 Cathay Pacific8.0 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Hawaii Recent one-way flight deals 2/6Tue 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 7h 58mLAX-HNL $84 Search 1/25Thu 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 8h 17mLAX-HNL $85 Search 2/22Thu nonstopDelta 6h 02mLAX-HNL $95 Search 1/30Tue nonstopDelta 6h 08mLAX-OGG $96 Search 2/11Sun nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 18mLAX-HNL $97 Search 1/11Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 57mLAX-OGG $98 Search 1/8Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 18mLAX-HNL $99 Search 3/6Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 55mLAX-HNL $107 Search 2/28Wed 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 56mLAX-OGG $108 Search 1/7Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 02mLAX-HNL $118 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesDeltaAlaska AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$90 or less$100 or less$100 or less$110 or less$120 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 2/4Sun 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 8h 22mLAX-HNL 2/13Tue 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 7h 15mHNL-LAX $155 Search 1/14Sun 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 7h 58mLAX-HNL 1/25Thu 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 7h 33mHNL-LAX $163 Search 2/1Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 02mLAX-HNL 2/12Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 35mHNL-LAX $180 Search 2/2Fri 1 stopDelta 11h 23mLAX-HNL 2/14Wed nonstopDelta 5h 36mHNL-LAX $185 Search 2/7Wed nonstopDelta 6h 21mLAX-LIH 2/11Sun nonstopDelta 5h 34mLIH-LAX $188 Search 1/16Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 18mLAX-HNL 2/1Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 33mHNL-LAX $189 Search 2/28Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 13mLAX-HNL 3/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 30mHNL-LAX $190 Search 1/8Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 18mLAX-HNL 1/19Fri nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 33mHNL-LAX $193 Search 1/12Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 50mLAX-HNL 1/18Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 26mHNL-LAX $197 Search 1/28Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 6h 03mLAX-OGG 2/10Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 18mOGG-LAX $197 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaAlaska AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$160 or less$190 or less$190 or less$190 or less$200 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Hawaii Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/5Tue nonstopHawaiian Airlines 5h 50mLAX-OGG 12/13Wed nonstopHawaiian Airlines 5h 10mOGG-LAX $210 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 9h 15mLAX-HNL 12/12Tue multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 9h 35mHNL-LAX $213 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 53mLAX-HNL 12/12Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 33mHNL-LAX $220 Search 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 6h 02mLAX-OGG 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 5h 20mOGG-LAX $239 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 5h 55mLAX-HNL 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 5h 31mHNL-LAX $246 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 53mLAX-HNL 12/2Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 33mHNL-LAX $252 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 58mLAX-OGG 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 12mOGG-LAX $258 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 58mLAX-OGG 12/8Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 22mOGG-LAX $263 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 14mLAX-HNL 12/14Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 32mHNL-LAX $271 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 14mLAX-HNL 12/14Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 32mHNL-LAX $274 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$210 or less$240 or less$250 or less$260 or less$270 or less Los Angeles - Hawaii Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Hawaii - Los Angeles Cabin classes: $549 First Class flights to Hawaii $564 Business Class flights to Hawaii $407 Prem Econ Class flights to Hawaii $99 Economy Class flights to Hawaii Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $163Flights from Los Angeles to Hawaii Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Hawaii $372Flights to Hana, Hawaii $256Flights to Hilo, Hawaii $163Flights to Honolulu, Hawaii $400Flights to Hoolehua, Hawaii $176Flights to Kahului, Hawaii $163Flights to Kailua, Hawaii $187Flights to Kailua-Kona, Hawaii $333Flights to Kapalua, Hawaii $188Flights to Kaua'i, Hawaii $551Flights to Lanai City, Hawaii $188Flights to Lihue, Hawaii $176Flights to Maui, Hawaii $163Flights to O'ahu, Hawaii $187Flights to The Big Island, Hawaii $556Flights to Waimea (Kamuela), Hawaii View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Hawaii flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Hawaii from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Hawaii from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.