Cheap Flights from Montreal to Paris Orly from C$ 445 | (YUL - ORY) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YUL - ORY Find cheap flights from Montreal to Paris Orly Airport from C$ 445 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 31/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris Orly Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from Montreal to Orly?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Montreal to Orly that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:45 p.m. - 4:50 p.m.YUL-ORY 13h 05m1 stop 12:35 p.m. - 8:15 p.m.ORY-YUL 13h 40m1 stop C$ 435TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 8:15 p.m. - 6:25 p.m.YUL-ORY 16h 10m1 stop 9:05 a.m. - 6:20 p.m.ORY-YUL 15h 15m1 stop C$ 445Lufthansa Find Deal Mon, 19 Feb - Wed, 28 Feb 8:15 p.m. - 6:25 p.m.YUL-ORY 16h 10m1 stop 9:05 a.m. - 6:20 p.m.ORY-YUL 15h 15m1 stop C$ 455Lufthansa Find Deal Wed, 21 Feb - Wed, 28 Feb 8:15 p.m. - 6:25 p.m.YUL-ORY 16h 10m1 stop 9:05 a.m. - 6:20 p.m.ORY-YUL 15h 15m1 stop C$ 457Lufthansa Find Deal Mon, 19 Feb - Wed, 28 Feb 9:45 p.m. - 7:45 p.m.YUL-ORY 16h 00m1 stop 12:35 p.m. - 8:15 p.m.ORY-YUL 13h 40m1 stop C$ 460TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Sun, 14 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 7:05 p.m. - 2:15 p.m.YUL-ORY 13h 10m2 stops 8:35 a.m. - 5:05 p.m.ORY-YUL 14h 30m2 stops C$ 497Air France Find Deal Sun, 4 Feb - Wed, 14 Feb 7:05 p.m. - 4:15 p.m.YUL-ORY 15h 10m2 stops 7:35 p.m. - 5:05 p.m.ORY-YUL 27h 30m2 stops C$ 498Air France Find Deal Sun, 21 Jan - Sun, 28 Jan 8:35 p.m. - 5:05 p.m.YUL-ORY 14h 30m1 stop 12:10 p.m. - 6:35 p.m.ORY-YUL 12h 25m1 stop C$ 508Royal Air Maroc Find Deal Sun, 28 Jan - Tue, 6 Feb 9:05 a.m. - 3:10 p.m.YUL-ORY 24h 05m1 stop 12:10 p.m. - 6:35 p.m.ORY-YUL 12h 25m1 stop C$ 522Royal Air Maroc Find Deal Fri, 9 Feb - Tue, 20 Feb 6:00 a.m. - 6:35 p.m.YUL-ORY 30h 35m2 stops 9:30 a.m. - 6:50 p.m.ORY-YUL 15h 20m1 stop C$ 631Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 24 Apr - Wed, 8 May Show more results Flights from Montreal to Orly - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Montreal to Orly to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Orly Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Orly Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Orly Airport is January, where tickets cost C$ 877 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 1,329 and C$ 1,095 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Orly Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Orly Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Orly Airport, you should book around 0 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 3 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Montreal to Paris Orly Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Montreal to Paris Orly Airport found on KAYAK was with TAP AIR PORTUGAL for C$ 574. TAP AIR PORTUGAL proposed a round-trip connection from C$ 590 and Lufthansa from C$ 604. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Paris Orly Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Montreal to Paris Orly Airport take? There are no direct flights for this route listed on KAYAK. The shortest multi-flight duration is 10h 10m. Good to know Low season February High season June Cheapest flight C$ 445 Best time to beat the crowds (14% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 5% lower on average. Flight from Montreal to Paris Orly Airport When to book flights from Montreal to Orly Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Montreal to Orly based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Montreal to Paris Orly Airport flights Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Montreal to Paris Orly Airport? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Montreal to Paris Orly Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Montreal to Paris Orly Airport? The Airbus A321neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Montreal to Paris Orly Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Montreal to Paris Orly Airport? Star Alliance, oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Montreal and Paris Orly Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. Which is the best airline for flights from Montreal to Paris, Lufthansa or TAP AIR PORTUGAL? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Montreal to Paris are Lufthansa and TAP AIR PORTUGAL. With an average price for the route of C$ 927 and an overall rating of 7.8, Lufthansa is the most popular choice. TAP AIR PORTUGAL is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 982 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Montreal to Paris Orly Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Montreal to Paris Orly Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Montreal to Paris Orly Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris Orly Airport from Montreal is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Montreal to Paris Orly Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris Orly Airport with an airline and back to Montreal with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Montreal to Paris Orly Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris Orly Airport from Montreal up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Montreal to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 649 or less one-way and C$ 1,106 or less round-trip. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Montreal to Orly See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Montreal to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Montreal to Orly? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.8 LufthansaOverall score based on 29274 reviews 84crew 75food 77comfort 80boarding 76entertainment 80overall Airline reviews Very short flight so the limited space and lack of entertainment were no issue. Crew was friendly and the flight was very punctual. Baggage claim in Prague was lightning quick.Read more about Lufthansa Very short flight so the limited space and lack of entertainment were no issue. Crew was friendly and the flight was very punctual. Baggage claim in Prague was lightning quick. Your flight crew was disrespectful. I asked simply what type of snack were available and the flight attendant snapped at me with we serve only a cheese sandwich and it’s “halal”. I never asked if it was halal. I simply asked for what type of snack they serve. I am a Catholic and had no idea why she mentioned halal when I never asked that. She may act racist in Europe because maybe that’s a thing there but in United States the flight attendants thank god are respectful and do not act the way she did. Baggie arrived in Athens with l’hiver in Munich on time. They are pros, do it right and on time Waited 7 hours at the airport and now I have no way to locate my luggages because they were checked with tags to a flight that was delayed twice and then canceled last minute. I was told my luggages would be routed to my final destination but they’re not here . Didn't have my boarding pass until Montreal, really stressful and neither Luftansa or Air Canada were rlly helpful. Please see other message. One flight was cancelled and neither Lufthansa or Air cañada would book me on another flight as they did not have me in their computer(with the numbers you assisted me with) HELP Pros: "Seat was comfortable, food was good." Cons: "The woman seated next to me was the mother of one of the flight attendants. She had terrible body odor that nearly brought me to vomiting—and this was a 10 hour flight. She was also brought all kinds of amenities from the attendants from the 1st class cabin—not really appropriate." Pros: "The crew were nice and the service very good. The layover was short." Cons: "Our luggage was lost so we had to go back to the airport the day after. In economy class the Last 3 central rows or even more, have no carryon storage. We were stuck with our carryons for over 7 hours during the flight Montreal Munich. This is the case if you fly their new A350-390." Cons: "Better eat before you board. The food from Denver to Munich was truly uneatable. I am serious and I am not a picky eater." Pros: "we left two hours late due to some security mess up. all had to exit, redo security, e.t.c. crew was nice, but info was poor, service to travelers was poor. with 2 hour delay they could have given snacks, drinks. instead the crew mostly disappeared" The hard product, food, and service are far superior to their North American counterparts Pros: "Great and friendly crew" Cons: "In-flight system had some problems and seats seemed a bit uncomfortable" Pros: "n/a" Cons: "The entertainment system was very old with minimum selection. My entertainment system actually stopped working. The seating area was very cramped. I called for service a couple of times from my seat, but nobody came." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They have a terrible communication problem, they never communicated why the flight was late, they never communicated what they were doing or what was happening. Bad customer service. Bad communication with the client. They told us when I asked several times that we would not lose our connection and that everything was fine and that was not the case. We lost the connection. No one told us anything. Another problem was that the girl in the boarding process removed the suitcases tickets from the boarding pass and did not want to return them, and held it without any cause. Without that tickets we can not claim the bags. The flight staff went looking for us. Pretty sad and disappointed by their service. I understand that they were causes outside the airline but must communicate to the client. They cannot remain silent and say nothing." Cons: "Boarding (by bus) was a total chaos. I had to stand for about 50 minutes, either on the crowded bus or, after climbing with great difficulty three flights of stairs to a high jet-bridge (I am 76), standing there forever with 200 persons waiting to get access to the plane. Totally unacceptable. They started the boarding process early (50 minutes before departure), but passengers were allowed to actually board the plane at the time it was supposed to take off." Cons: "Tell me i would misst the next flight and that my beg will not go to the final airport." Cons: "boarding groups were not adhered to and those in a lower boarding group often boarded well after those in later boarding groups." Cons: "Train your ground crew. Our luggage was not placed on our flight from Paris to Amsterdam and were sent to Amsterdam on separate planes. My husband’s medication was in his bag. This was a great inconvenience for us. Never again on Air Canada. I suggest you explore the baggage process used by Delta." Pros: "On time, staff was nice." Cons: "Not many options and not even a glass of champagne. That’s a minimal requirement. No sparkling water. Just very limited" Pros: "The crew were polite and friendly" Cons: "Everything was incredibly poor. Flight was delayed, entertainment was outdated and the airport staff were rude." Pros: "The seats are comfortable.nice leg room." Cons: "Boarding on every airplane company seems off. Sitting in seat 6D and I’m in the second to last boarding group. That cheese on the burger pricing for getting on before others is getting old. Be better." Cons: "It was delayed on our way to destination. Also wish it was a direct flight to ponta delgado instead of going through lisbon. It was too much back and forth." Pros: "Very happy with the service and seat comfort. Thank you" Cons: "Real time information about departure and gate info for delayed flight would have been helpful" Cons: "The early morning fight was delayed, and I appreciated that TAP notified me ahead of time. However, TAP did not communicate that despite the 2 hour delay, we were required to be at the airport checkin as if the flight was never delayed - and agent dismissed us as late. Only begging got us on flight." Pros: "The crew were very friendly, a nice and relaxed flight and they gave out complimentary food and coffee which was brilliant" Cons: "Flight was delayed which was out of their control" Pros: "Flight was more spacious on the way back to Boston" Pros: "Nothing went wrong so it is good enough for me" Pros: "TAP airline didn’t charge me for a checked bag on my flight to Lisbon. On the way back to Rome I was met with blank faces and no options. They demanded the extra $70 for a checked bag. On my way to Rome, a group of students were yelling and crawling all over the seats and blocking the aisle. Worst" Cons: "Full airline policies up front." Pros: "The seats do recline, more space than Delta or United" Pros: "The crew was very attentive" Cons: "As much as the flight was truly very good and the crew very friendly and helpful as much as the equipment (airplane, seats, entertainment) really shabby and certainly not worth the the 2500,00 $ I paid for a better seat. I could of flown with Air transat and get better than I got with Air Canada. I feel it was rip off. Quality - price not there . Please give your crew a better uniform. The ones they wear now is very sad and oldish looking. If I think this and am 67 years old, imagine what the younger generation thinks." Pros: "Everything was perfect on the flight. The service, the food and the crew." Cons: "Seats are a bit small. Not very comfortable and touch screen of entertainment system was slow." Pros: "Nothing..you're going from one airline to another one... N the schedule is was changed without notice..." Cons: "First I get to the airport in Montreal to fly with Lufthansa.as I bought my ticket with Lufthansa.. ..made line for about 15 min they tell me it is not with them, it is with air canada..no reason why...so I did made line again..the hours of that fly were the same.. but when I landed in Geneva somebody is waiting for me to tell me my fly has been cancel..so I had to fly to Zurich instead and not only that I had a meeting today getting into barcelona but with the new schedule instead of arriving to 400 pm I ended up getting there at 730pm..and to add to this it is a 4 days trip so I already lost one..and I still not in Barcelona so will see what happens to my bag." Cons: "Lack of communication. Crew was unattentitive and seemed to not know protocol or appear to have things under the control." Pros: "The passengers, the Brussels airport retail area, 1 of the flight attendants who was polite and welcoming, and the entertainment selections. Finally being connected to Swiss staff." Cons: "The crew was not very welcoming and was borderline rude when I asked any sort of question such as why I was not allowed to wear my headphones prior to take off. I was patient in not wearing them, but could not relaxing into the trip for the 40+ minutes we remained on the ground mostly not moving. I was tired when boarding and fumbled with my documents and was very curtly told to just hand them over. Another time I accidentally mistook headphones the stewardess was handing out for something else. I took a pair and then immediately gave them back with an apology that I didn't realise what they were, but thanked her anyway. This was met with a scowl and a bit of opposition. There was one stewardess that was very nice and accommodating out of the entire crew. On top of this the toilet seat on the plane was broken, so it fell on you when you were trying to go to the bathroom, and the soap dispenser was broken. I didn't dare mention these things to the flight crew though. The plane was late taking off from Montreal, and so was late landing in Brussels. No effort was made to provide connections assistance, or provide directions on where to go to rebook our missed connections. I and all others traveling to Zurich spent the entire morning trying to find anyone from Air Canada to help us rebook our flights. We literally were going from desk to desk between two terminals, and consulting each other as we went to limit the amount of leg work we all had to do. We all had to finally leave the terminal area and go to Swissport and stand in a long slow line. By that time any afternoon flight was already overbooked. So I and a group of other passengers were booked for an evening flight which forced me to book a hotel in Zurich because I couldn't get to where I needed to be that evening. After being rebook, I still tried to get on an earlier flight by going directly to the gate. It was confirmed that there was some extra space available, but they would not switch me to the earlier flight because I had a checked bag that I could not separate me from. Ultimately my bag was lost which made me have to stay awake and in the Zurich airport even longer after I finally arrived going from one lost baggage representative to another, and then waiting in another line to finally fill out paperwork because my bag had never been scanned in Brussels. The Zurich representatives were very polite, helpful, and efficient compared to anyone I encountered in Montreal, or Brussels. I was without my bag for 3.5 days of what was supposed to be a 10 day trip. My trip was reduced to 9 days because I spent an entire day in the Brussels airport and then had to spend the night in Zurich. I arrived in Zurich on Saturday night, and received my bag on Tuesday afternoon. All in all it was not a good experience until I got to Switzerland." Pros: "Where do i start? It’s a short flight to be sure but air canada planes never feel like many Other airlines’ mini planes or puddle jumpers. they seem new, spacious, seat back Entertainemnt, just great. Also, there is no scrimping on Service. How many Delta or united or American flights have i taken on this route only to be told “coffee or water” and sometimes no coffee “the flight is too short”. Nonsense! Granted I was in business, but I had a full hot breakfast served and a full array of beverages offered. It AC can do it, everyone can. The flight attendant was lovely." Cons: "The flight was too short :)" Pros: "Boarding was easy" Cons: "This was a +10 hour trans Atlantic flight. We walked on and immediately noticed there were no TV screens. I expected that the crew would be handing out portable screens instead which would have been ok but pretty inconvenient. This was not the case. We asked the crew and were told that to have entertainment for the flight we would have to download the Air Canada flight into our OWN devices and connect to the airplane wifi. They also explained that you can't download the app while connected to the airplane wifi so anyone who wanted entertainment had to scramble to download the app while we were still on the ground and Use cellular data! at this point 300 people were either panicking because they didn't have a personal device with them, didn't have a charger for their device and so would have power issues or were forced to use up roaming data because they had non Canadian phone plans!!! At the very least staff should have told passengers about this setup while they were waiting at the gate, so that people would have time to download the app with airport wifi! add to all this the fact that the app was extremely low quality and the options for movies/show were disappointingly dated and limited. This was not officially a cheap low cost flight for my family but the service we got certainly would categorize it as such. Very disappointed." Pros: "They provided a meal, a snack, and plenty of beverages. The crew was pleasant, attentive, and helpful." Cons: "Our flight was delayed three hours. My flight and one other were the last to leave that night. There were no TVs on this flight. The only way to watch movies was on a smart phone or electronic device through their app. My poor old fashioned dad, didn't bring his phone so he would have just sat there for seven and a half hours if I didn't let him borrow mine. AirCanada's alternative is to rent an iPad from them, just another way for airline companies to get money out of us. The movie choices on their app were bad and older. International flights usually have new movies to so it is less likely passengers have seen them already." Pros: "Roomy plane." Cons: "Restroom no working for disabled. Boarding was disorganized and chaotic." Cons: "No entertainment no snacks no checked in luggage. You have to pay to rent iPad to watch inflight movies as pay for earphones. Air Canada has become a premium priced airline with extra low cost /no frills service. Sad and disappointing. Last time I am flying with AC. Rather book cheaper airlines and know what to expect than pay a premium and get even less than the low cost option. Boarding staff was rude pushing people etc" Pros: "The flight was on time. Luggage was handled well. Coach seats were okay with decent space. I had read some negative reviews but our experience was satisfactory." Cons: "Customer service could have been better but they did do their job getting us there." Cons: "Flight was delayed by an hour and a half and no announcements were made" Cons: "They let people smoke on the plane and didn't do anything about it which was bizarre." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Extreme lack of communication about boarding. First flight was delayed and second flight started boarding and left over an hour later than scheduled, but again no communication to explain what was going on. Absolutely one of the worst flying experiences I've ever had. Would 100% NEVER recommend this" Pros: "Flights were on time, boarding was smooth and there was enough legroom." Cons: "The selection of movies and TV-shows was comparably small." Pros: "Crews very bad if u asking for something. Nobady care of you" Cons: "Everything needs to be better" Cons: "screen didn't work so there was no entertainment. The breakfast was disappointing." Pros: "Once in the air the flight was normal and everything was fine." Cons: "The flight was delayed by 6 hours with no explanation. There is zero organization or efficiency. Never taking this airline again." Cons: "late boarding. no info for reason for late departure offered. crew on the counter rude" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Royal no good since they keep my money i paid for my ticket because I didn't show up at the airport by accidentally that I been sent in different airplane! They cancelled my name on the board for go back home and they said I have to paid again since They' won't t refund my money I had to paid again to return back home! very poor customer service No Cap closed for me to read English and staff was rude!" Lufthansa7.8 Air France7.4 TAP AIR PORTUGAL7.2 Air Canada7.1 Royal Air Maroc6.4 Book cheap flights from Montreal to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Montreal to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 31/1Wed 2 stops 14h 00mYUL-ORY C$ 328 Search 31/1Wed 2 stops 14h 00mYUL-ORY C$ 329 Search 9/2Fri 2 stops 14h 00mYUL-ORY C$ 332 Search 12/1Fri 2 stops 14h 00mYUL-ORY C$ 336 Search 12/1Fri 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 10h 45mYUL-ORY C$ 423 Search 29/1Mon 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 10h 45mYUL-ORY C$ 428 Search 29/12Fri 1 stopRoyal Air Maroc 14h 30mYUL-ORY C$ 515 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopLufthansa 16h 10mYUL-ORY C$ 516 Search 3/2Sat 1 stopRoyal Air Maroc 32h 25mYUL-ORY C$ 524 Search 26/12Tue 1 stopLufthansa 30h 10mYUL-ORY C$ 536 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTAP AIR PORTUGALRoyal Air MarocLufthansa Search by priceC$ 330 or lessC$ 340 or lessC$ 430 or lessC$ 520 or lessC$ 540 or less Last minute flights from Montreal to Orly Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Montreal to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue multi-stop 23h 11mYUL-ORY 14/12Thu multi-stop 12h 30mORY-YUL C$ 537 Search 3/12Sun multi-stop 10h 10mYUL-ORY 14/12Thu multi-stop 12h 30mORY-YUL C$ 541 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopRoyal Air Maroc 14h 30mYUL-ORY 25/1Thu multi-stopRoyal Air Maroc 29h 00mORY-YUL C$ 569 Search 1/12Fri multi-stop 10h 10mYUL-ORY 14/12Thu multi-stop 12h 30mORY-YUL C$ 575 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 13h 05mYUL-ORY 11/12Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 15h 15mORY-YUL C$ 619 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 16h 00mYUL-ORY 10/12Sun multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 32h 35mORY-YUL C$ 630 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 13h 05mYUL-ORY 11/12Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 13h 40mORY-YUL C$ 635 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopRoyal Air Maroc 14h 30mYUL-ORY 26/1Fri multi-stopRoyal Air Maroc 12h 25mORY-YUL C$ 770 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopRoyal Air Maroc 14h 30mYUL-ORY 24/1Wed multi-stopRoyal Air Maroc 12h 25mORY-YUL C$ 820 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopRoyal Air Maroc 14h 30mYUL-ORY 12/12Tue multi-stopRoyal Air Maroc 20h 20mORY-YUL C$ 856 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineRoyal Air MarocTAP AIR PORTUGAL Search by priceC$ 540 or lessC$ 580 or lessC$ 630 or lessC$ 770 or lessC$ 860 or less Montreal - Paris Orly Airport Flights Departure: Montreal (YUL)Canada Destination: Paris Orly Airport (ORY)France Return flight deals: Paris Orly Airport - Montreal Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris Business Class flights to Paris Prem Econ Class flights to Paris C$ 1,045 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 550Flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Orly Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris » Paris Orly Airport C$ 550Flights to Paris Orly Airport, Paris Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Moncton Flights to Victoria Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Paris Orly Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris Orly Airport from Montreal. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Paris Orly Airport from Montreal. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.