Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to Fort Lauderdale from C$ 96 | (YYZ - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYZ - FLL Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale from C$ 96 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 13/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from Pearson Intl to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pearson Intl to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:30 a.m. - 9:50 a.m.YYZ-FLL 3h 20mdirect 10:35 a.m. - 1:55 p.m.FLL-YYZ 3h 20mdirect C$ 87Flair Airlines Find Deal Tue, 27 Feb - Tue, 5 Mar 6:30 a.m. - 9:50 a.m.YYZ-FLL 3h 20mdirect 10:35 a.m. - 1:55 p.m.FLL-YYZ 3h 20mdirect C$ 92Flair Airlines Find Deal Wed, 13 Dec - Thu, 2 May 6:30 a.m. - 9:50 a.m.YYZ-FLL 3h 20mdirect 4:40 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.FLL-YYZ 3h 20mdirect C$ 93Flair Airlines Find Deal Tue, 16 Jan - Tue, 23 Jan 2:45 p.m. - 8:32 p.m.YYZ-FLL 5h 47m1 stop 5:15 p.m. - 10:56 p.m.FLL-YYZ 5h 41m1 stop C$ 158Porter Airlines Find Deal Sun, 14 Jan - Tue, 16 Jan 2:45 p.m. - 8:32 p.m.YYZ-FLL 5h 47m1 stop 5:15 p.m. - 10:56 p.m.FLL-YYZ 5h 41m1 stop C$ 160Porter Airlines Find Deal Wed, 13 Dec - Mon, 18 Dec 6:20 a.m. - 12:51 p.m.YYZ-FLL 6h 31m1 stop 10:05 p.m. - 1:18 a.m.FLL-YYZ 3h 13mdirect C$ 185Air Canada Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Wed, 24 Apr 6:20 a.m. - 12:51 p.m.YYZ-FLL 6h 31m1 stop 7:25 a.m. - 10:40 a.m.FLL-YYZ 3h 15mdirect C$ 188Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 13 Dec - Wed, 20 Dec 5:15 p.m. - 8:32 p.m.YYZ-FLL 3h 17mdirect 9:20 p.m. - 12:33 a.m.FLL-YYZ 3h 13mdirect C$ 198WestJet Find Deal Mon, 11 Dec - Thu, 14 Dec 3:30 p.m. - 9:37 p.m.YYZ-FLL 6h 07m1 stop 2:30 p.m. - 9:25 p.m.FLL-YYZ 6h 55m1 stop C$ 208United Airlines Find Deal Wed, 13 Dec - Tue, 19 Dec 11:15 a.m. - 2:36 p.m.YYZ-FLL 3h 21mdirect 6:15 p.m. - 9:33 p.m.FLL-YYZ 3h 18mdirect C$ 220WestJet Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Wed, 7 Feb Show more results Flights from Pearson Intl to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pearson Intl to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale is January, where tickets cost C$ 270 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and August, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 482 and C$ 457 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 57 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 118) and Porter Airlines (C$ 214). Flair Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 96. Which airlines fly most frequently between Toronto Pearson Airport and Fort Lauderdale? Air Canada connects Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale with up to 4 flights per day. Flair Airlines also offers 1 flight per day, while Porter Airlines follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale. There are 4 airlines that fly direct from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale. They are: Air Canada, Flair Airlines, Porter Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 126. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Fort Lauderdale per day? Each day, there are between 5 and 9 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and land in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 3h 16m. The most common departure time is 11:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 50 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale take? Direct flights from Toronto Pearson Airport generally make it to Fort Lauderdale in 3h 00m. The flying distance between the two cities is 3,150 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 6:15 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 9:24 am. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 8:50 pm and lands at 12:09 am. Good to know Low season June High season March Cheapest flight C$ 96 Best time to beat the crowds (10% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (19% more expensive on average) Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from Pearson Intl to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pearson Intl to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale flights Is there a prayer room at Pearson International Airport? Do you need a silent place to meditate, reflect and pray? The airport has serene prayer rooms where you can pray and meditate before boarding your flight at the Aviation Interfaith Ministry centres. Interdenominational Christian services, chaplains, and Roman Catholic mass services are also available at the airport. You can find these prayer rooms at Terminal 1 and Terminal 3. Does Fort Lauderdale Airport offer currency exchange? You can exchange your currency at the airport from Terminal 1, landside, lower level; and Terminal 4, landside, lower level. Additionally, the airport has cash machines available in Terminal 2, airside, concourse D, which dispenses foreign currency and international or local prepaid calling cards. Since fees may apply, make sure to check your bank’s schedules as well as daily withdrawal limit. Other ATMs located at the airport include Terminal 1, landside, baggage claim lower level; Terminal 3, airside; and Terminal 4, landside, upper departures level. Can I access medical services at Toronto Pearson International Airport? Yes. DrugSmart Pharmacy is located at Terminal 1 Canada, landside. The Apple Tree Medical Center accepts walk-in patients who suddenly fall ill while waiting to board their flights. The medical centre is located at Terminal 1 Canada, landside, level 2 parking and link train. You can find doctors onsite from 9am to 5pm Monday to Thursdays only. Are pets allowed at Fort Lauderdale Airport? Is your four-legged companion tagging along? The airport accommodates them too. You can also access four pet relief areas at the airport outside the baggage claim area of each terminal. You can find pet relief areas at all areas located on the lower level as well. How can I get from Fort Lauderdale Airport to the city centre after arrival? There are several airport transportation options from the airport, including Broward County Transit, which offers a direct trip of about 10min. You can also use the Tri-Rail commuter train, taxis, bus, and car rentals. Travellers can also access hotel shuttles, shared ride services, and inter-terminal shuttles. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Air Canada, JetBlue, Silver Airways, American Airlines, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Toronto Pearson Airport and Fort Lauderdale, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale? There are direct flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to Fort Lauderdale, Delta or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to Fort Lauderdale are Delta and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 423 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 392 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 147 or less one-way and C$ 225 or less round-trip. You can find food concessions throughout Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ), operating with varying schedules. Many options are available 24 hours a day. Fort Lauderdale Airport (FLL) has a business service centre with an array of business and travel services like fax and copying, located in Terminal 1, lower level next to international arrivals. You will find multiple charging points at Toronto Pearson International Airport at the boarding gates. Moreover, some seats have power points nearby. Delta and Air Canada provide a one-stop flight from Toronto Pearson International Airport to Fort Lauderdale Airport. There is free Wi-Fi at Fort Lauderdale Airport. You can also find payable Internet Kiosks at terminals 1, 2, and 3 if you don’t have a mobile device. Stranded at Toronto Pearson International Airport? You can ask questions or seek assistance from the information desk located on the arrivals levels. Fort Lauderdale Airport has mobile charging stations in Terminal 1. The airport plans to add more mobile charging stations to other terminals. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Pearson Intl to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from Pearson Intl to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Pearson Intl to Fort Lauderdale Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Delta, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Delta, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Delta, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Delta, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Delta, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Delta, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Delta, +3 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +4 more 2 3 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +5 more Air Canada,Air France, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +5 more Air Canada,Air France, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +5 more Air Canada,Air France, +6 more 4 5 Thursday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +5 more Air Canada,Air France, +6 more 4 5 Friday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +5 more Air Canada,Air France, +6 more 4 5 Saturday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +5 more Air Canada,Air France, +6 more 4 5 Sunday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +5 more Air Canada,Air France, +6 more 4 5 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29960 reviews 81boarding 75food 78comfort 81overall 85crew 78entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Very nice people and helpful. Good attitude" Cons: "Board was a bit disorganized and took much longer than I am used to even on full planes"Read more about Delta Pros: "Very nice people and helpful. Good attitude" Cons: "Board was a bit disorganized and took much longer than I am used to even on full planes" Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Pros: "non stop flight" Cons: "Crowded, small plane. No air after people had boarded while fuel was being replenished (dangerous?), sitting at gate for 20minutes. This, after a 2 hour delay. Then a rough landing in Minneapolis- plane brakes sharply and suddenly, shuddered to a taxi rate of speed. simple snacks, not very good." Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Pros: "The flight attendants were amazing. 12 people had a connecting flight and they brought a shuttle bus. You dont see that kind of service any more 10 stars for that" Cons: "Super small plane." Cons: "Passengers should have the option to ask for additional snacks." Pros: "The overall experience on the flight was quite pleasing. The flight crew created a warm atmosphere on what was a very cold morning. Seating was not the most comfortable but the wasn't unbearable." Cons: "Delta should have a better food menu for those early flights unless the motive is to encourage everyone to eat an organic and wholesome meal prior to boarding, something we all should be doing." Cons: "Had to collect & re check luggage between flights. Couldn't they have been transferred to the next aircraft?" Pros: "We had purchased economy tickets and got assigned seats that were not next to each other. As we were boarding the ticket person gave us a new seat assignment closer to the front and next to each other – we really appreciated and liked it. Makes me want to fly Delta again!" Cons: "we began the boarding process late, which can be understandable, although the plane was there pretty early. Once the boarding began, someone, I presume the gate agent, essentially gave a countdown to hhow many minutes were left until the flight could have an "on time departure". I travel nearly every week so I value being on time. However, a minute by minute call to hurry up on a flight that was sold out was over the top. There was mumbling among the passengers, to the point of someone joking "Free cookies and water if we make it on time?" Just a bad gate experience, but bad enough that peopoe were commenting, and I waited for someone from the cockpit to del\part so I could mention it to them." Pros: "Cleanliness of the plane Great crew" Cons: "More information about when to check-in and seat selection. We checked-in 24 hours before, and most seats were already filled." Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good." Pros: "Excellent pre Boarding service and announcements; reasonably comfortable seats; great landing;" Cons: "There are never gluten free options in the snacks; there were no entertainment systems on the plane - that's not important to me but perhaps it is to others." Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable because of the head rest that is attached to the seat. However the staff and crew were friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better seats" Pros: "Newest 787 plane in the fleet. Really comfortable seats and terrific in-flight entertainment" Cons: "One of the crew members seemed really bother by everything. She was not smiling or even looking at customers when handing drinks over." Pros: "Nice plane, comfortable" Cons: "We missed our runway and had to quickly ascend and retry. Disembarking the plane took 40 minutes due to the YYC skywalk being frozen. During this all communication with the passengers was minimal." Pros: "Having media provoded to my device" Cons: "Could not select seat after checking in - could, for. A $45 fee" Cons: "Limited snack, no entertainment without a tablet of some type. Cargo restraint broke and delayed the flight for an hour." Pros: "Staff is friendly." Cons: "We didn’t appreciate the walk from Gate 4 to Gate 41 TWICE when the departure gate was changed. We are in our 80’s and it was quite a trek!" I had checked in online the day before but was instructed to collect our boarding passes when we arrived. I am not completely comfortable using the automated Kiosks and always enjoy the nostalgia of speaking with someone when checking in for a flight. Upon doing so however, we were immediately asked,"did you check in online already?" To which I replied, "yes, but we were asked to retrieve our boarding passes upon arrival." She then said, "that's what those machines over there are for. We really encourage people to use those." That unfortunately sparked a series of shortness and overall poor behavior in my opinion from the woman who checked us in. I understand it was early in the morning but I am always excited to experience flying and that interaction has unfortunately left a bitter taste in my mouth to the point I will forever now hesitate to book with Porter again. Thank you for taking the time to read this. Cheers, JD Everything was fantastic, by far the best airline experience in Canada 🇨🇦! Unlike our porter connection this was great , smooth 2minutes at check in not 90 mins Food wasn’t great but it’s plane food , staff were great Pros: "Originally: a low fare" Cons: "Flight oversold, travelers bumped. Flight delayed while they kicked people off the flight." Cons: "The crew could have checked us in...we were 5 minutes late and had to book and pay for new tickets." Pros: "Friendly crew wick deplaning" Cons: "$35 for a carryon is ridiculous. Do you really want your peer airline to be Spirit? Quote your all in price for fares." Pros: "The crew was very attentive and the seats are comfortable. The waiting time is horrible...they are always late!" Cons: "I like landing at Billy Bishop, it is very convenient and not too crowed but lately the common lounge has gotten so crowed that you can only seat on the floor. The flights are usually 2 hrs delayed sometimes 3 or 4 hrs delayed! so never plan on having a connecting flight on the other side of your tr" Pros: "Crew was nice, free drinks of all sorts." Cons: "Plane was 3 hours late leaving and we were given five different reasons for it. There were no weather problems. Overheads won't hold what most airlines will, and Porter's low fares lose value due to extra charges like seat reservation and luggage." Pros: "Fly was good." Cons: "My luggage was broken and I had to search for an agent and had them called overhead by the information to declare it. Inconvenient +++" Pros: "Flight was late but importamt is, it was safe take off and landing. Very nice service, good welcome staff and there was free snaks and drinks. Wonderfull overall" Cons: "May be proper update online or more announcements. But because of weather it is understable." Pros: "Air Crew was professional and polite - flight was quick and lasted less than 90 minutes in the air, was overall enjoyable" Cons: "Gate attendant was fairly rude (could be a result of holiday travel stress) - several travelers didn’t speak English fluently, and she would snap at them or roll her eyes they weren’t comprehending instructions. Boarded extremely early (almost an hour) but sat on tarmac for some time - eventually took off about 20 minutes late. Not airlines fault and likely result of holiday backlog Retrieving baggage from plane was biggest issue - use a carry on to but was required to valet bag as opposed to storing overhead. Baggage unloading was late (again, holiday backlog) but no personnel were available to inform passengers of delay, and bags were not in initial cart. Resulted a delay of offloading by roughly 20 minutes. Was ultimately found in the second wave of luggage, and witnessed baggage handlers tossing luggage carelessly onto cart floor. Nothing was damaged but was annoyed at lack of communication and overall disorganization." Pros: "The crew was amazing, and the duration of flight time was reasonable" Cons: "Comfort of the seat, space between seats" Pros: "Fast boarding, flight relatively smooth, got to my destination pretty quickly as well." Pros: "The crew was super nice and I saw them be super accommodating to other passengers which made me feel good about using their airline." Cons: "They should offer headphones" Cons: "Flight arrived over 40 min late and despite my connecting flight still being connected to the gate I was told I couldn’t board. There were 5 people trying to connect to the same flight so it’s pretty rediculous that we were told to rebook when the plane didn’t leave the gate for 15 more minutes. This was the call of the airline and it was handled poorly. The rebooking agent was also extremely rude and seemed totally self absorbed. This was my worst flying experience out of approximately 50 flights this year. Never again American." Pros: "On time." Cons: "They had to take my bag and because no one would volunteer... sigh." Pros: "The crew was great and made light of a relatively tense situation. This was a connecting flight for many passengers which was delayed so many of us were missing our connections. The crew still did a great job keeping everyone comfortable and boarding us quickly." Cons: "Unfortunately our plane was grounded in Chicago before our leg of the trip even began. By the time it arrived in YYZ many of us would already be missing connections. Due to a smaller plane we have to stow most of our carry on below which caused a bit of chaos while disembarking trying to retrieve bags and hustle to the next flights. Since I knew before leaving YYZ we were quite delayed my husband drove to ORD to pick me up instead of waiting 24hr for the next flight to St. Louis. It added 8 hours of driving for him to an already long day but we made the best of it." Pros: "good price and a good route" Cons: "This turned out to be a 'code share' flight operated by American Airlines. As such, neither Qantas nor American Airlines would allow me to buy premium seats so we could have extra leg room. They said the 'code share' blocks seat sales! Be ware Also found out that American Airlines does not serve meals on flights from Toronto to LAX. I was told they only serve meals on "international flights" but that I could buy a sandwich or snack. Unfortunately they only had 4 sandwiches on board , which sold within the first 2 rows of the plane!" Pros: "The crew was excellent. Stewardess was cheerful and helpful. The flight while full was not crowded." Cons: "Plane was late. Mechanical issue at the gate after boarding. Seating room pretty tight. Three gate chanes at O'Hare." Cons: "There was a glitch in the system with our boarding passes. It got sorted out but was just kind of weird." I was disappointed with Air Canada's seats due to minimal cushioning and insufficient legroom, which made my flight uncomfortable. Both departing and returning flight were delayed!? And then a rebooked flight on a different day Delayed. Seats on rouge are very uncomfortable. I was miserable the entire flight Should not charge for headphones! Consider allowing Bluetooth connections using earbuds The boarding was sloppy and unorganized. And the staff was complaining When we arrived in Fort Lauderdale we sat on the tarmac for almost 2 hours waiting for the plane that was at our gate to be cleared with mechanical issues instead of redirecting us to another gate. Wasn't impressed with a desk member that I observed not letting a family get on their flight to Orlando as they arrived literally as the doors closed. Their flight from Calgary had been delayed. Very poor customer service!! Our flight was 3 hours late! Considering all the chaos at the airport we've heard about ,our first flight since covid was good. No hot food, Due to delayed boarding during the first flight, I had no time to buy hot food in between connections. No earphones available readily, even when I choose to purchase Pros: "Extremely late-no specific reason-AC lounge closed at 9 so we were asked to leave-boarding area was so packed no where to sit so sat on “rails”. After 3 hrs delay u expect something like some peanuts to compensate-but no-they are as bad as any other NA airline if not worse-awful service, all they wanted cared after giving some soda or water is to Collect the garbage-plane was not cleaned properly. Dirty paper and cups in pockets. Wish i did not have to fly AC" Cons: "Everything" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I didn’t like anything about this flight, except that we arrived safely. I had the last seat, next to the toilet, and that container or whatever it is, was dirty. Every time someone flushed, I was bathed in the smell of urine. It was raining in Toronto; consequently, my checked bag was wet through. I’m glad I was coming home rather than arriving at a vacation destination, where all my stuff would’ve been wet. I’d like to see some effort put into keeping my bag dry. Also, the passengers had to slog through the rain to get on the plane!" Cons: "I have flown Air Canada many times, and have never taken off on time. Most flights I have been on, were 30 -60 minutes late. Cabin service is usually minimal, lackadaisical, and indifferent. I would only fly Air Canada again as a last resort" Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 American Airlines7.2 Air Canada7.1 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 13/12Wed directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYYZ-FLL C$ 71 Search 11/12Mon directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYYZ-FLL C$ 76 Search 11/12Mon 1 stopPorter Airlines 5h 47mYYZ-FLL C$ 103 Search 6/12Wed 1 stopPorter Airlines 5h 47mYYZ-FLL C$ 104 Search 6/12Wed directAir Canada 3h 09mYYZ-FLL C$ 111 Search 5/12Tue 1 stopAir Canada 6h 31mYYZ-FLL C$ 124 Search 14/12Thu directWestJet 3h 17mYYZ-FLL C$ 136 Search 29/3Fri directWestJet 3h 26mYYZ-FLL C$ 163 Search 16/12Sat directWorldTicket 3h 20mYYZ-FLL C$ 222 Search 19/12Tue directWorldTicket 3h 20mYYZ-FLL C$ 237 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesPorter AirlinesAir CanadaWestJetWorldTicket Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 100 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 160 or lessC$ 240 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYYZ-FLL 7/12Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 20mFLL-YYZ C$ 109 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYYZ-FLL 8/12Fri directFlair Airlines 3h 20mFLL-YYZ C$ 126 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 5h 47mYYZ-FLL 15/12Fri multi-stopPorter Airlines 5h 41mFLL-YYZ C$ 168 Search 3/12Sun directPorter Airlines 3h 19mYYZ-FLL 7/12Thu multi-stopPorter Airlines 5h 41mFLL-YYZ C$ 169 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 6h 31mYYZ-FLL 7/12Thu directAir Canada 3h 15mFLL-YYZ C$ 198 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 03mYYZ-FLL 13/12Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 10h 17mFLL-YYZ C$ 215 Search 2/12Sat directWestJet 3h 17mYYZ-FLL 15/12Fri directWestJet 3h 13mFLL-YYZ C$ 220 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 01mYYZ-FLL 7/12Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 07mFLL-YYZ C$ 223 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAir Canada 12h 16mYYZ-FLL 7/12Thu directAir Canada 3h 06mFLL-YYZ C$ 234 Search 2/12Sat directWestJet 3h 17mYYZ-FLL 14/12Thu directWestJet 3h 13mFLL-YYZ C$ 251 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesPorter AirlinesAir CanadaUnited AirlinesWestJet Search by priceC$ 130 or lessC$ 170 or lessC$ 220 or lessC$ 220 or lessC$ 250 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale C$ 916 Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale C$ 692 Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale C$ 159 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 124Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale C$ 124Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.