Cheap Flights from Atlanta to Boston from $37 | (ATL - BOS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ATL - BOS Find cheap flights from Atlanta to Boston from $37 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/19. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel sáb. 12/30 sáb. 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Boston These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Boston. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Boston. How much is the cheapest flight from Atlanta to Boston?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Atlanta to Boston that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 3:01 pm - 8:56 pmATL-BOS 5h 55m1 stop 12:42 pm - 10:00 pmBOS-ATL 9h 18m1 stop $99Spirit Airlines Find Deal jue., ene. 25 - lun., ene. 29 3:01 pm - 8:56 pmATL-BOS 5h 55m1 stop 3:48 pm - 6:55 pmBOS-ATL 3h 07mnonstop $102Spirit Airlines Find Deal jue., ene. 18 - jue., ene. 25 12:23 pm - 2:57 pmATL-BOS 2h 34mnonstop 9:47 pm - 11:04 amBOS-ATL 13h 17m1 stop $103Spirit Airlines Find Deal jue., ene. 4 - lun., ene. 8 11:20 am - 8:53 amATL-BOS 21h 33m1 stop 8:28 pm - 9:19 amBOS-ATL 12h 51m1 stop $105 Find Deal jue., ene. 18 - mar., ene. 23 2:58 pm - 9:17 amATL-BOS 18h 19m1 stop 8:33 am - 7:22 pmBOS-ATL 10h 49m1 stop $114Frontier Find Deal jue., dic. 7 - mié., dic. 13 6:00 am - 8:33 amATL-BOS 2h 33mnonstop 7:40 am - 11:00 amBOS-ATL 3h 20mnonstop $138JetBlue Find Deal jue., ene. 18 - vie., ene. 19 5:45 pm - 7:33 amATL-BOS 13h 48m1 stop 8:33 am - 7:22 pmBOS-ATL 10h 49m1 stop $163Frontier Find Deal mar., dic. 5 - lun., dic. 11 7:25 am - 9:55 amATL-BOS 2h 30mnonstop 10:54 am - 1:51 pmBOS-ATL 2h 57mnonstop $224JetBlue Find Deal mié., dic. 6 - jue., dic. 7 5:00 am - 9:43 amATL-BOS 4h 43m1 stop 5:53 am - 11:06 amBOS-ATL 5h 13m1 stop $245American Airlines Find Deal vie., dic. 22 - dom., dic. 31 10:20 am - 5:19 pmATL-BOS 6h 59m1 stop 6:00 am - 11:45 amBOS-ATL 5h 45m1 stop $253United Airlines Find Deal jue., ene. 18 - vie., ene. 19 Show more results Flights from Atlanta to Boston - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Atlanta to Boston to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Atlanta to Boston? The average price of all flights from Atlanta to Boston clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Atlanta to Boston, look for departures on Wednesdays and avoid leaving on a Sunday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Boston, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Atlanta to Boston? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Atlanta to Boston is January, where tickets cost $137 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are November and December, where the average cost of tickets is $298 and $276 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Atlanta to Boston? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Atlanta to Boston, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 47 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Atlanta to Boston? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Atlanta to Boston found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $99 on Spirit Airlines, followed by Frontier ($114). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $37 on Spirit Airlines and from $45 on Frontier. Which airlines fly most frequently between Atlanta and Boston? In normal times, Delta flies from Atlanta to Boston up to 13 times per day, JetBlue up to 2 times per day, and Spirit Airlines 1 time per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Atlanta and Boston? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Atlanta to Boston. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Atlanta to Boston. They are: Delta, JetBlue and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $54 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Atlanta and Boston per day? Each day, there are between 15 and 21 nonstop flights that take off from Atlanta and land in Boston, with an average flight time of 2h 35m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 120 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Atlanta and Boston? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Atlanta to Boston take? The average nonstop flight takes 2h 27m, covering a distance of 944 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Atlanta to Boston? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Atlanta at 6:00 am and will be landing in Boston at 8:33 am. What’s the latest departure time from Atlanta to Boston? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Atlanta to Boston jets off at 10:30 pm and lands at 1:03 am. Good to know Low season February High season July Cheapest flight $37 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 33% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 11% increase in price. Flight from Atlanta to Boston When to book flights from Atlanta to Boston Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Atlanta to Boston based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Atlanta to Boston Which is the best way to get to the Freedom Trail from Boston Logan International Airport (BOS)? The distance between the Freedom Trail and Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) is approximately 3.7 miles. The best way to travel between the destinations is via line 88 bus and the subway. Both means take about 26min to get there. For a quicker option, take a taxi, and you’ll be there in under 6min. Where are spas located at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS)? Those arriving at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) from Atlanta while fatigued travelers can pop into a spa for some therapy before transiting to their next destination. XpresSpa in Terminal B offers services such as deep tissue massage and facials to help you relax as you seek self-indulgence. Is there a prayer room at ATL? For those keen to say a prayer before leaving ATL for BOS, you’ll be happy to note that there’s an interfaith chapel at this facility. Locate it in the Main Terminal, 3rd floor, Suite 3080, away from the noisy terminals. Are there ATMs at BOS? Several banks and credit unions run their ATMs at Boston Logan International Airport. For instance, TD Bank runs operates its ATM in Terminal B, Arrivals, Level 1, towards the American Airlines counter. Are there onsite airport hotels at Boston Logan International Airport? There are two hotels located on airport property. The Hyatt Harborside is close to downtown, which can be accessed by water taxi and offers complimentary 24-hour shuttle to airport terminals. The Hilton Boston Logan has an enclosed sky bridge that leads directly to airport terminals as well as a 24-hour complimentary shuttle service to all airline terminals. Are there any pet relief areas at Boston Logan International Airport? Boston Logan International Airport is equipped with several pet relief areas. If you are bringing your pet or service animal with you on your flight from Atlanta to Boston, you will find pet relief areas in Terminals A, B, C, and E, both post and pre-security. Is Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport an airline hub? Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport is one of the world's busiest airport and home to both Delta Air Lines and Southwest Airlines‘ hubs, as well as being the focus city for Frontier Airlines, Southwest Airlines, and Spirit Airlines. Are there any special attractions at Boston Logan International Airport? If you want to pay your respects for the passengers and crew on American Airlines Flight 11 and United Airlines Flight 175 on September 11, 2001, you can attend the Boston Logan International Airport 9/11 Memorial in remembrance for all those affected. Do I need a passport to fly between Atlanta and Boston? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Atlanta to Boston. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Atlanta to Boston? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Atlanta to Boston flight route: American Airlines, Cape Air, JetBlue, Delta, Alaska Airlines, Spirit Airlines, Virgin Atlantic, and Air France. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Atlanta to Boston? The Embraer 190 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Atlanta to Boston flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Atlanta to Boston? SkyTeam, oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Atlanta and Boston, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Atlanta to Boston? There are nonstop flights from Atlanta to Boston on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Atlanta to Boston, JetBlue or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Atlanta to Boston are JetBlue and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $234 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $285 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Atlanta to Boston? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Atlanta to Boston. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Atlanta to Boston? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Boston from Atlanta is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Atlanta to Boston? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Boston with an airline and back to Atlanta with another airline. Booking your flights between Atlanta and BOS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Atlanta to Boston? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Boston from Atlanta up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ATL to Boston Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $134 or less one-way and $198 or less round-trip. Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) features two terminals, the Domestic Terminal and International Terminal. The two terminals are complemented by the various concourses A, B, C, D, E, and F. To move from one terminal to the next, take the Plane Train, which operates regular trips between the terminals and concourses, leaving at a 5-15min interval. Travelers scheduled to depart with early morning flights from Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) to Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) should plan and spend a night in one of the hotels near BOS. Typically, these facilities offer courtesy shuttles to and from the airport, and you’re sure to be at the terminal in time for your flight. Renaissance Concourse Atlanta Airport Hotel is one such facility. Travelers with limited mobility departing via Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) will get the necessary assistance when checking in. There are wheelchairs and ADA-compliant restrooms in every terminal at the disposal of those affected. Also, the airport agents will guide you through the security checkpoints before boarding your flight. Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) offers equipped suites designated for the lactating and nursing moms and the littlest family members. Suppose you want to pump or breastfeed in privacy. In that case, locate these rooms near gates T-7, B-5, D-34, and F-5. The rooms also feature comfy chairs, electrical sockets, and sinks. Besides being the city’s primary airport, Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) is also categorized as one of the 20 busiest airports in the US. Most airlines have their hubs at BOS as it’s the biggest and has high-tech technological innovations and modern infrastructure. In addition, this facility has four terminals, and a walkway connects them to the central parking garage. Still, the MBTA station and shuttle buses run between the terminals at a 5-15min interval. If you’re looking to relax before your flight from Atlanta to Boston takes off, unwind in one of the several airline lounges found at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. The Delta Sky Club has several locations including Concourse A, B, C, D, E, F, and T, with each offering a variety of amenities, including access to showers and personalized travel assistance. Interested in finding a way to keep you and your family entertained at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport? Head to the atrium to witness the impressive sight of the 33-foot-long Yangchuanosaurus dinosaur skeleton. The kids may also want to check out the Model Train exhibit at the entrance of Concourse T to see the display. There are also play areas near Gate A8 and Gate A23. Want to know the best dining options at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport? Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport’s eateries include smaller versions of Atlanta‘s favorite local restaurants. Concourse A offers a range of different cuisines, including Atlanta institution, Chik-fil-A and Varasano's Pizzeria. Another great spot is the soul kitchen Paschal's and Cafe Intermezzo in Concourse B. In Concourse D you will find Grindhouse Killer Burgers, and in Concourse E you will find the premier One Flew South Restaurant & Sushi Bar. Wondering which airlines fly directly from Atlanta to Boston and which ones have layovers? There are plenty of airlines that fly non-stop from Atlanta to Boston, including Spirit, JetBlue, Delta, and Southwest Airlines. United Airlines and American Airlines operate flights with layovers. If you are landing at Boston Logan International Airport and would like to use public transportation to get to your final destination, you can opt to use the free Silver Line bus rapid transit to connecting rail and bus services that will take you to downtown Boston. Alternatively, the Blue Line Subway provides a direct route to downtown Boston. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Boston Logan Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Hartsfield-Jackson to Logan Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +17 more 15 16 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +17 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +18 more 16 17 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +17 more 15 16 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +17 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +18 more 16 17 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Boston Logan Intl to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +13 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +14 more 12 13 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +13 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +13 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +13 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +13 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +14 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +15 more 13 14 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Atlanta to Boston See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Atlanta to Boston. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Atlanta to Boston? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 80entertainment 78food 90crew 86overall 87boarding 84comfort Airline reviews Cons: "Flight was over an hour late. We had to get off the plan because of a fuel problems." Cons: "Flight was over an hour late. We had to get off the plan because of a fuel problems." Cons: "I was able to connect to internet and watch movie Thank you" Cons: "The shade on the window was broken so I couldn't closer it." Pros: "The entertainment was great. I wish WiFi would have worked." Pros: "New plane. Much quieter and nicer. Also got aisle seat in emergency row, so had plenty of room." Cons: "I still think the charge of $8 for internet is just too high. Although I enjoyed watching football game, I would rather listen to Apple Music subscription. But I’m not paying $8 for this pleasure for 2 hours. How about reducing the price to $2 or something else that is less." Pros: "The ability to sit next to my person." Cons: "Soccer team of over 20 kids who were allowed to act their age. Also, your pretzel bags are hard to open. Southwest flight attendants were awesome." Pros: "The shortness of the trip and the flight attendants were very friendly." Cons: "It was packed full of people, the plane was old, and the seats were uncomfortable." Pros: "I made it home" Cons: "Delayed ~2 hours, made us rush to board, this I understand but then we waited in the hot plane 15-20 minutes for more people to board." Pros: "The flight was 4 hours but u could barely tell being loaded up on snacks and drinks. The bathroom was tolerable" Pros: "I love flying Southwest! It is always a quick and easy boarding process. The flight attendants are always nice and attentive. Overall, my favorite airline!" Cons: "This has nothing to do with the airline itself, the flight was just a bit bumpy due to turbulence." Cons: "Boarding members kept me for no reason to my Cary on bag" Pros: "Jet blue flights seem generally good. Like the WiFi access to be Able to use flight time efficiently." Pros: "The available movies were pretty good." Cons: "The crew member serving the food was way too slow." Cons: "Flight was 3 1/2 hours delayed. In-flight entertainment system didn’t function. They didn’t perform a beverage/snack service. Very poor overall. Disappointing." Cons: "No room in seat where this is suppose to be room. Arm chair tray tables??? Come on now... its 2019. TV was to small and poor TV quality." Cons: "Our flight was delayed 4 times. We then sat on the runway for an extra 45 minutes because someone’s tv did not work. We missed our set transportation which was already rescheduled 4 times and had to pay $150 Uber to get home" Pros: "Nice crew, reasonably comfortable seating" Cons: "One of the requested meals was not vegetarian and another was a very basic sandwich (not filling or at all appetizing)" Cons: "They had to reset entertainment sets 3 times before they started working. This happens regularly on the SFO to BOS jetblue flight." Cons: "We had a delay of 3 hrs which kept us waiting in the middle of the night" Cons: "There was no one sitting on the chairs behind us. We asked the attendant if we could sit since our sits were full. Anyways hope next time if the door is closed and passengers are tight they could sit on empty sits ." Pros: "ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!" Cons: "At 12:40 p.m. we boarded American Airlines flight 1350 in ATL, just to SIT on plane for 1 1/2 hours (half the time with NO AIR). Computer problems. Had to get off plane, then had to wait in 3 lines. Agents were so UNPROFESSIONAL! Kept saying flight would go... DID NOT go until another plane came in at 9:00 PM! We, needless to say missed our connecting flight to SYDNEY and had to wait til next day and fly to SAN FRANCISCO, then to MELBOURNE, then on to Christchurch. We MISSED out on TWO DAYS of our short trip! which included missed reservations!!" Cons: "inflight entertainment wasn't working on my seat only which made my 6 hour flight seem even longer :(" Pros: "Wi-Fi was great. Watched two movies. Flight was on time and painless" Cons: "Only complimentary snack was pretzels and only a cup of water." Cons: "We flew from Rome to JFK and arrived at 12:40 pm only to find out that our 3:30 pm flight had been cancelled a long time ago. No one had notified us of our new booking on a 9:10 flight to Boston. No one at American or British Airways could provide us with an earlier departure or compensate us to take alternative transportation. Our 9:10 flight was then delayed until 10:50 pm. We arrived in Boston at 12:02 am, 11 1/2 hours after our arrival at JFK from Rome. This was not a very friendly welcome home. We never would have booked such an extended delay as we only live 4 hours from New York City." Pros: "One was great and one was not helpful and was condescending" Pros: "The airplane was modern, clean and comfortable and the flight was on time" Cons: "Everything was good" Pros: "On-board staff were professional and kept everything running smoothly and with great communication from the pilot." Cons: "Claiming baggage at LaGuardia was an hours-long process for everyone on the flight leading to raised tension and lots of tired folks on what was already a late (and delayed flight)." Pros: "VEry good Cabin crew and the plane was reasonable new" Pros: "Staff was polite and friendly. It was a great experience!" Pros: "The flight was good crew members was nice and professional." Pros: "Great, friendly crew and excellent customer service from flight attendants." Cons: "Take off could have been better. It was delayed, but pilot helped resolve the problem; so, it was fine." Pros: "Crew was very nice" Cons: "They could’ve offered free snacks instead of only offering items for purchase." Pros: "The seat for United First is really comfortable and the in-flight dinner for the route was pretty good." Pros: "Seats were pretty comfortable" Cons: "In-flight entertainment depended on the Wi-Fi working. It did not work the whole flight." Cons: "Because of missed connection I had to go from Dulles to Reagan airport" Pros: "United did a great job keeping us informed of where the plane was and why we were being delayed. Only 15 minutes late. But staff explained why and I think this helps ease people's anxiety. Inflight wifi was awesome!" Pros: "Free TV since we were 2 hours delayed" Cons: "4 delays in 1 day on 2 flights. 2 gate changes with no relay of info and to top it all off my wife and i were reassigned to separate seats at the last minute by the airline and very rudely told to deal with it and to calm down when I simply asked why. We were appalled and embarrassed in front of many others in the gate boarding area. The gate agent in Houston has no place in customer service and was on some kind of a power trip. This surprised me with recent events. We are done with United now for many reasons" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "It was not a good experience at all. Honestly, I wanted my money back. I sent United this letter, but no one is gotten back to me yet. Hello, my name is David Larkins. I have had literally the worst airline experience of my life today with United airlines. With confirmation number BS2EL9, my flight was set to go from Atlanta to Burbank, with a connection in San Francisco. The flight from Atlanta was delayed about 10 minutes, however, they assured us that we would arrive in San Francisco at the correct time of 9:39 AM with enough time to get to our connecting flights. They lied. Whereas we did arrive in San Francisco at around 9:39 AM, the plane taxied for approximately 15 or more minutes before letting anyone off of the plane. Still, I ran to my connecting flight before it left the runway at 10:10am. However, I was not permitted to step onto the plane by the fellow at the gate at the time. He told me that because boarding time was over at 9:55a, he would not let me step on the plane even though it was still on the runway. I was upset. I went to customer service and explained my situation to them. Speaking with a girl named Krystin S., I explained that I really needed to get to Burbank on time, before 2 o'clock. Today, I had a final for school, a meeting, and interview with a job, and I had to drop my dog off at the vet for an appointment which costed around $150. Krystin told me that there was nothing she could do, and offered me only a meal voucher. I was offended, and declined the voucher. I then spoke to customer service and they told me there was nothing they could do after informing me that the flight that they switched my flight to was delayed yet another hour and I would not arrive until 350pm. This is absolutely unacceptable, and I need a remedy. Far larger than a simple meal voucher. I have lost more money by missing my flight to Burbank because of the Atlanta airport lying to me then the flight was even worth. Also, I requested to speak to someone, but the representative on the phone said they didn't have a phone number to speak to anyone which adds to the cumbersome nature of this issue. Please contact me back, as soon as possible. I'm very upset at the situation. David Larkins" Pros: "This regional airplane was extremely comfortable! The flight was comfortable and the crew was very helpful." Cons: "I wasn't too excited that the in-flight entertainment quit working about five hours in, but the crew did their best to remedy the situation." Pros: "Captain was informative but not too talkative. Left on time and arrived 20 min early" Cons: "It was a 6 pm take off and the only food available for purchase was a “snack pack”. A tiny piece of beef jerky with crackers, cheese, and 10 Chocolate covered blueberries for $6.00. Made the mistake of not eating before and was silly to be expecting more from a discount airline I guess." Pros: "On time" Cons: "Extremely high charge for carry-on baggage, extremely high charge for changing flight times, no beverage service, seats are very small with no iPhone charger available." Pros: "Price on the flight to ket" Cons: "Sits are really uncomfortable, staff wasn't courteous and boarding process was a mess" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Being trapped in the plane over 2 hours only to find out the flight was delayed close to 4 hours. Eventually booked a flight for the next day that cost twice the amount of round trip." Pros: "on this leg of the flight, after changing planes, there was one little flight attendant who actually engaged guests and smiled a genuine smile." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "When flying frontier you know you're flying frontier for a low price certainly not the experience. My flight to my destination was fine ( no frills but fine) . My flight back home was Cancelled due to an airport issue ( not frontier's fault) however their overseas " reschedule flight line" provided little to no help to get me home. They simply did not have the training or care to help their customers to get home. Their sentiment was " so your flight was cancelled what do you want us to do about it? That's your issue Sir" Very poor experience!" Pros: "Fast boarding" Cons: "Pilot didn't show and he airline gave poor reasons why." Cons: "There were no snacks, not one drink was free, and the seats did not even recline. I will not be purchasing any further trips with Frontier no matter the price." Pros: "Price of flight" Cons: "Freezing cold, food selections, price of food for quantity you get, no blankets, leg space horrible, charging for upgraded leg room seats when seats were open, only giving ppl 30 seconds to move to a an empty free seat at no chrg, plane was not clean at all in bathrooms-disgusting: walls filthy, counters dirty and grimy, door & floors filthy, soap dispenser unsanitary, crew comments|conversations about travelers, should start boarding from the bk of the plane forward" Cons: "EVERYTHING is an add on!!! Ticket price might be cheaper when you price check ....but by time you add on all the add ons your ticket price is NOT the best price. Won't fly Frontier again." Southwest8.4 JetBlue8.1 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Atlanta to Boston Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Atlanta to Boston found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/19mar. 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 14mATL-BOS $37 Search 12/12mar. 1 stopFrontier 13h 48mATL-BOS $45 Search 12/19mar. 2 stops 13h 18mATL-BOS $61 Search 12/24dom. 1 stop 7h 58mATL-BOS $63 Search 12/5mar. nonstopJetBlue 2h 30mATL-BOS $69 Search 3/2sáb. 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 12mATL-BOS $92 Search 12/29vie. 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 43mATL-BOS $132 Search 12/10dom. nonstopJetBlue 2h 30mATL-BOS $144 Search 1/12vie. 2 stopsUnited Airlines 16h 19mATL-BOS $188 Search 1/22lun. 2 stopsUnited Airlines 12h 09mATL-BOS $212 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierJetBlueAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$50 or less$60 or less$90 or less$140 or less$210 or less Last minute flights from Atlanta to Boston Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Atlanta to Boston that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4lun. nonstopJetBlue 2h 30mATL-BOS 12/7jue. nonstopJetBlue 3h 04mBOS-ATL $138 Search 12/4lun. multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 23mATL-BOS 12/12mar. multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 21mBOS-ATL $155 Search 12/4lun. multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 23mATL-BOS 12/8vie. multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 58mBOS-ATL $161 Search 12/5mar. multi-stopFrontier 13h 48mATL-BOS 12/11lun. multi-stopFrontier 10h 49mBOS-ATL $163 Search 12/4lun. multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 23mATL-BOS 12/12mar. nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 07mBOS-ATL $170 Search 12/5mar. multi-stop 13h 48mATL-BOS 12/11lun. nonstop 3h 07mBOS-ATL $174 Search 12/3dom. multi-stopFrontier 27h 17mATL-BOS 12/11lun. multi-stopFrontier 10h 49mBOS-ATL $214 Search 12/4lun. nonstopJetBlue 2h 30mATL-BOS 12/7jue. multi-stopJetBlue 5h 37mBOS-ATL $279 Search 12/4lun. multi-stopSouthwest 4h 10mATL-BOS 12/7jue. multi-stopSouthwest 6h 55mBOS-ATL $366 Search 12/4lun. multi-stopSouthwest 4h 10mATL-BOS 12/6mié. multi-stopSouthwest 8h 05mBOS-ATL $371 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineJetBlueSpirit AirlinesFrontierSouthwest Search by price$160 or less$160 or less$170 or less$280 or less$370 or less Atlanta - Boston Flights Departure: Atlanta (ATL)United States Destination: Boston (BOS)United States Return flight deals: Boston - Atlanta Cabin classes: $1,068 First Class flights to Boston $905 Business Class flights to Boston $510 Prem Econ Class flights to Boston $88 Economy Class flights to Boston Browse origins: Flights » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $106Flights from Atlanta to Boston Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $106Flights to Boston, Boston Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Honolulu Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Boston flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Boston from Atlanta. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Boston from Atlanta. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.