Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta from $40 | (LAX - ATL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - ATL Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta from $40 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/16. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Atlanta These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Atlanta. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Atlanta. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Atlanta?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:23 pm - 5:43 amLAX-ATL 4h 20mnonstop 11:46 am - 1:59 pmATL-LAX 5h 13mnonstop $88Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 23 11:25 am - 6:44 pmLAX-ATL 4h 19mnonstop 3:00 pm - 5:11 pmATL-LAX 5h 11mnonstop $89Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 6:03 pm - 1:20 amLAX-ATL 4h 17mnonstop 5:21 am - 10:45 pmATL-LAX 20h 24m2 stops $95Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 20 - Tue, Jan 9 11:11 am - 6:30 pmLAX-ATL 4h 19mnonstop 9:35 pm - 9:15 amATL-LAX 14h 40m1 stop $108Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 13 11:45 pm - 8:24 pmLAX-ATL 17h 39m1 stop 4:37 pm - 6:48 pmATL-LAX 5h 11mnonstop $112Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Mon, Jan 22 7:50 pm - 9:15 amLAX-ATL 10h 25m1 stop 11:12 am - 1:25 pmATL-LAX 5h 13mnonstop $114 Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Wed, Jan 24 6:20 am - 8:24 pmLAX-ATL 11h 04m1 stop 10:00 am - 12:15 pmATL-LAX 5h 15mnonstop $115Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sat, Jan 27 8:20 am - 3:38 pmLAX-ATL 4h 18mnonstop 12:45 pm - 8:10 pmATL-LAX 10h 25m1 stop $117Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Wed, Jan 10 9:10 pm - 9:19 amLAX-ATL 9h 09m1 stop 10:00 am - 12:15 pmATL-LAX 5h 15mnonstop $118Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sat, Jan 13 12:35 pm - 12:18 amLAX-ATL 8h 43m1 stop 6:45 pm - 8:58 pmATL-LAX 5h 13mnonstop $119 Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Thu, Dec 14 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to Atlanta? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Atlanta on a Wednesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from Los Angeles to Atlanta. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Tuesday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to Atlanta? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta is September, where tickets cost $281 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $443 and $382 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to Atlanta? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to Atlanta, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 39 days before departure. Which airlines fly most frequently between Los Angeles and Atlanta? Delta connects Los Angeles to Atlanta with up to 11 flights per day. American Airlines also offers 1 flight per day, while Spirit Airlines follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and Atlanta? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Los Angeles to Atlanta. They are: American Airlines, Delta and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $108 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and Atlanta per day? Each day, there are between 11 and 20 nonstop flights that take off from Los Angeles and land in Atlanta, with an average flight time of 4h 16m. The most common departure time is 9:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 105 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and Atlanta? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to Atlanta take? Direct flights cover the 1,941 miles separating Los Angeles to Atlanta in about 4h 12m. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to Atlanta? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 12:45 am and will be landing in Atlanta at 8:05 am. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to Atlanta? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to Atlanta jets off at 11:55 pm and lands at 7:15 am. Good to know Low season January High season December Cheapest flight $40 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 8% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 29% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Atlanta When to book flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to Atlanta based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta Are pets allowed through Atlanta Airport? Yes. Your pet is welcome to accompany you on your flight to ATL. The airport has seven sanitary pet relief zones. Look for these relief areas at A10, D CenterPoint, E14, B33, F17, C19, and T7. However, note that your furry friends should remain in their kennels unless when using the pet relief areas or when going through security checkpoints. Does Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) offer accessible services? LAX is devoted to the well-being of every passenger leaving the airport for ATL. The airport features wheelchair ramps and ADA-accessible shuttles with low roofs. The airport has also set aside disabled parking areas in all parking structures close to lifts. You may also reserve a wheelchair with your airline well ahead of time. In addition to wheelchair-accessible washrooms available at the Departure Level of Terminal 2, the airport features TDD phones in each terminal. How can I get to the center from Atlanta Airport? Travelers have several options for getting from the airport to the city. Hop on the MARTA train line from the west end of ATL at the Domestic Terminal. Taxis will also get you to the city center with minimum hassle. Moreover, ATL offers ride shuttles to the city center. The shuttles can be found on the airport’s website. Bus lines 172, 192, and 193 also stop near ATL airport. Where can I park at LAX? There are several parking alternatives at Los Angeles International Airport. You can park your car at the airport’s eight parking garages in close proximity to the airport for daily, hourly, extended, or overnight stays. The Economy Lot is also available for long-term parking. If you want cost-friendly parking, consider LAX off-site parking lots. Which terminal has the most dining options at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? Hartsfield-Jackson’s numerous concourses have a wide variety of delectable delights available in them, but among them Concourse T in particular stands out. Popular options in the concourse include Grindhouse Killer Burgers, Atlanta Stillhouse, and Papi’s Caribbean Cafe. Concourse T is also the home of Delta’s and American Airlines direct flights to and from Los Angeles and Atlanta, making it extra convenient for travelers between the two cities. Are there onsite hotels at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? Yes, Minute Suites is located in Concourse B of the airport post-security. Three other options just outside the airport are the Atlanta Airport Marriott Gateway, Renaissance Atlanta Airport Gateway Hotel, and Springhill Suites Atlanta Airport Gateway. These hotels can be reached in minutes from the airport via the complimentary SkyTrain. Additionally, there are a number of hotels adjacent to the airport that offer complimentary shuttle transport. Can I fly from Los Angeles to Atlanta non-stop? Delta Air Lines, American Airlines, and Spirit Airlines all offer direct flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta. There are also numerous one-stop flights offered by the same carriers with common layovers in cities such as Las Vegas, Dallas, and Denver. What is the quickest way from Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport to downtown Atlanta? For travelers who prefer public transport, The Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) features both bus and train connections to and from the airport. MARTA’s Gold and Red Train Lines offer rapid and convenient access to the downtown area from the airport. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and Atlanta? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Los Angeles to Atlanta. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to Atlanta? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to Atlanta flight route: American Airlines, Delta, Spirit Airlines, Cape Air, Alaska Airlines, Vueling, JetBlue, Avianca, United Airlines, and Air Canada. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to Atlanta? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to Atlanta flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and Atlanta, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to Atlanta? There are nonstop flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $573 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $527 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Atlanta? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Atlanta from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Atlanta with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and ATL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Atlanta? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Atlanta from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to Atlanta Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $149 or less one-way and $228 or less round-trip. Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) is Atlanta’s primary travel hub. Two terminals (international and domestic) with seven concourses A, B, C, D, E, F, and T make up this airport. Foreign flights are often operated by E and F while domestic flights are operated by A-D and T. A pedestrian tunnel with moving walkways, airport shuttles, and The Plane Train connect the terminals. One-stop flights from LAX to ATL are more environmentally friendly than direct flights with approximately 1,412 kg of carbon being released per person on this route. If you want to fly more sustainably, choose Spirit, Frontier, and Delta Airlines. Spirit and Frontier emit 37% less carbon while Delta Airlines emits 29% less carbon. Business passengers who require business services in Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport should exploit the business center in Concourse T. The center boasts a VIP suite, computer workstations, and boardrooms. If you have some time to spare after your flight from Los Angeles to Atlanta, visit Atlanta Airport’s forest walk simulation between Concourses A and B in the underground passenger walkway. This art installation is both peaceful and audacious helping ease any travel stress. Airports can be hectic and noisy. Escape to LAX’s airport lounges for peace of mind and some quiet before your flight. Purchase lounge access for any of the 21 lounges in LAX such as the LA international Lounge in Terminal B or the American Airlines Admiral Club in Terminals 4 and 5. Refresh and reconnect with showers, drinks, and magazines. Are you a fan of live music? Atlanta Airport’s entertainment program brings live musicians to the airport every single day of the week. Whether you are there for just an hour or two before your flight or you have a longer layover, the music program is a great way to take in the local Atlanta culture while biding your time at the airport. If you have the kids in tow during your time in Los Angeles International Airport then perhaps you should check out the “LAX Beach” play area in Tom Bradley International Terminal (TBIT). There is also another play area available in the Terminal 6 Alaska Lounge. Flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta are on the longer side, so if you have a pet joining you for the flight it is perhaps best to pay a visit to one of Los Angeles International Airport’s pet relief areas before boarding. In LAX there are two outdoor pet relief areas located in the central terminal area in between Terminals 1 and 2 and between Terminals 7 and 8, while in the Tom Bradley International Terminal there is an indoor pet relief area. Picking up a rental car after arriving in Atlanta? The Rental Car Center at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport is just minutes away from the terminals via the SkyTrain. As Delta Air Lines’ primary hub, Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport has numerous Delta Sky Clubs located throughout the vicinity. There are nine different lounges spread out across Concourses A, B, C, D, E, F, and T. In these lounges, travelers will find a variety of amenities from personal travel assistance to snacks and beverages. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to Hartsfield-Jackson, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +13 more 11 12 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Air France, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to Atlanta See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to Atlanta. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Atlanta? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29979 reviews 85boarding 82comfort 79food 88crew 78entertainment 85overall Airline reviews Pros: "The seat was nice." Cons: "Offered water or Orange juice in a can due to a short flight. I may recommend no canned orange juice, due to the quality ingredients and something more freshly squeezed for health benefits. And offers coffee or tea."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "The seat was nice." Cons: "Offered water or Orange juice in a can due to a short flight. I may recommend no canned orange juice, due to the quality ingredients and something more freshly squeezed for health benefits. And offers coffee or tea." Pros: "Good crew, did a good job making us feel good for a delayed late night flight." Cons: "For some reason air was never turned on. Air only seemed to flow once we were moving but sitting at the gate and once back on the ground taxing it got very hot again." Cons: "No seat-back entertainment on a long flight is not ok. If there was warning about that during the booking process, it was too subtle and I missed it. It was an unpleasant surprise. Also, the seats are just so stiff and uncomfortable. If this was a 3-hour flight, fine. But nearly 6 hours, no." Pros: "Comfortable seats and smooth red-eye transcontinental flight." Cons: "If there weren't a 15-minute delay due to maintenance." Pros: "Even though I was in Group C, I was one of the first to board (Groups A, B, and C were called to board all at once). Since the gate agent said the flight was full and there would be limited space for carry-on bags, being one of the first on the plane was nice. The leg room (I'm 6'2") was good." Cons: "The crew only did one pass through the cabin with soft drinks. Perhaps because it was a red-eye? Anyway, on a nearly 5 hour flight, I would have liked more than one small cup of refreshment." Pros: "The two member of the crew were very welcoming and kept a very good sense of professionalism along with adjustments to every passenger. I can consider myself a frequent flyer and it’s relieving to have a crew like that." Cons: "I would appreciate a quicker and just a little bit more organized check in and maybe some different snacks that will make an airline stand out." Pros: "Crew was amazing." Cons: "Seats are probably the most uncomfortable I’ve ever sat on." Cons: "Delay on takeoff and a delay on arrival. Flight Attendants never offered headphones for purchase to watch in filght movie/TV." Pros: "Super easy boarding and friendly staff." Cons: "I am 5'11 and my legs were literally touching the seat in front of me the whole time." Pros: "The only enjoyable thing about my flight was the couple sitting next to me." Cons: "We weren’t served drinks until nearly 2 hours in. They kept making announcements saying “it’s really turbulent and not safe” but I’ve flown a lot and we barely had any turbulence the entire flight and at no point was it unsafe. When it was calm they were hanging out and taking in the back." Pros: "There was plenty of space, good entertainment, it boarded fast, took off on time, and had zero issues." Pros: "Crew was great as always. Friendly and professional" Cons: "We had a delay that complicated our getting home but all ended up OK" Cons: "... on top of that I kindly requested to speak with a supervisor and i was denied it. As a customer I deserved that. I would a ticket with Aerolineas and nowhere it said it was delta. I followed the baggage allowance explained on kayak website and on Aerolineas Argentinas. I took a bicycle which is free and i pay $100 to packed it as Aerolineas wanted. When I arrived it was a Delta flight and they told they don't allow bicycles and that i had to play $150. Aerolineas website and kayak clearly says that bicycles were free on my flight. I show the agent my ticket and that no where it said delta to consider what he was saying since it is an alliance but i was not informed about it. He said no and after wait there for a while before boarding i kindly ask to speak with a supervisor and the denied it and disappeared. I request a refund of my fee to you for providing incorrect information." Cons: "Delta seems to be running their interiors much hotter then ever I can recall. This flight was hot enough to drench my shirt with sweat." Pros: "First time flying into Daytona and it was super easy." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "2: 1/2 delay" Cons: "They put us on the plane after waiting 11/2 hours, we all had to deplane as the mechanical problems were not done correctly. We waited another hour to correct before leaving. The gate agent was able to get me on a later connecting flight to Charleston. That was a positive." Pros: "Great entertainment options and food selection, just wish they had the selection they advertised..." Cons: "Booked the flight and paid extra for the main cabin selection to guarantee sitting with my husband. Got to the airport, app had already pre-checked us in and my seat selection was changed! Not sure why I paid extra when they were just going to chpose my seat anyways (DL 2222 on 11/6) Hoping my return flight this not have this happen..... Will be calling Delta when we get home." Cons: "Very slow to load and unload. Not sure how I always get a middle seat in the far back. Basic economy is basic." Pros: "The crew was helpful and very friendly. The boarding process was calm and orderly. The seating was comfortable and very relaxing. The service was frequent and available. The entertainment was up to date and easy to access. The temperature was perfect. The flight was calm and fast. The overall experience was awesome." Cons: "ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!" Cons: "Baggage was delayed overnight. With modern tracking, should have been notified that the luggage was not loaded on the same flight as me, eliminating my wasting 45 minutes at ATL realizing that my baggage was not coming and then having to queue to notify the airline that it had not come." Pros: "Clean plane, fast boarding process." Cons: "No power to charge a device. This really is unacceptable in today’s world." Pros: "The crew did an excellent job. The pilot was able to make up time after 1 hour delay at the airport." Cons: "More comfortable seating." Cons: "I don’t understand the concept of the ability to use your mobile device for entertainment, yet not having a power source to charge your device." Cons: "Crew serving food passed me by by, seemed rushed and missed my row." Pros: "loved the free movies on board, also on time departure and before time arrival makes me feel the best." Cons: "Even though we pay exorbinant prices: The poorest selection of non-meat vegetarian food." Cons: "There was no entertainment at all, and pretzels are gross" Pros: "Boarded and left in-time. Arrived a little early. Friendly crew and good app for entertainment on smartphone or tablet. App tracks baggage." Cons: "Long lines for self-serve bag kiosks at LAX and not enough agents to assist. Baggage agent left the desk saying she had to go on a lunch break and another agent had to take over. Seemed like some confusion with the staffing which slowed things down." Pros: "Ummm . . . the colors?" Cons: "10 years ago, American was a great airline. It has just gone down and down. The flight attendants are miserable, grabbing things out of your hand when they come to collect stuff before landing. No smiles, no grace. The plane was old, but also poorly cleaned between flights, so the bathrooms on our LAX-Atlanta flight smelled of urine from minute 1--you can imagine how they smelled by the time we landed. There was trash in my seat-back pocket when I took my seat. Supposedly food was available for purchase, but I couldn't activate the food menu, only the drinks menu, on my little seatback screen, so I just waited until I got to Atlanta to eat." Cons: "inflight entertainment wasn't working on my seat only which made my 6 hour flight seem even longer :(" Cons: "The seats were narrow and cramped. The entertainment system only worked on the UA app. No one informed us that the app was required until we were aboard and it was too late to download and install the app. Flight attendants did not seem happy. Baggage return was delayed." Cons: "Booked a cheap flight but United wouldn't allow us to carry on our federally regulated carry on bags because we bought an economy class ticket. Made our flight expensive and will try and avoid United in our future flight plans" Pros: "Overall the flight process was fine." Cons: "Kayak is not transparent enough about highlighting which flights are low cost flights during purchasing. I thought I was purchasing a regular fare where I could bring a normal carry-on onto the flight, but this was a low cost flight and I had to check my bag. This information was not disclosed until after payment, and I believe this is dishonest on the part of Kayak. Kayak needs to be much more upfront about the details of the flights so that we passengers can select flights according to their needs. I felt deceived by the fare and would have purchased a different flight if I would have known ahead of time." Pros: "-Blue lighting and head space makes the plane feel more open. -Staff was patient considering the unfair backlash they were getting for the recent abuse of a United passenger. -Seats were well cushioned. -I arrived home to my family alive, unhurt, and safe." Cons: "-2 hour delay (especially after I arrived 2 hours early) is unacceptable. -Overhead bins too low over our seats. We can't stand up straight at our seats making it very difficulty to get in and out of our seats. -Couldn't access entertainment on my Mac laptop. -Bathroom closets are too small. Floors in the bathroom were consistently wet because the sink is too small for people to wash their hands. -Two bathrooms for the majority of the passengers on the plane is just not enough and you know it. It's pretty uncivilized. It creates a line at the back of the plane covering at least 5 rows. Then, your aisles are too narrow. So we have to rub our bodies up against each other to let people squeeze through. -I think you guys could do better than one tiny bag of pretzel mix for a 5 hour flight. -Let's get upper management flying in economy across the country and see what they would change." Cons: "They (united airlines) put my wife's luggage in the wrong flight and we are still waiting for it to arrive. It's already been 8 hrs since we landed and every time we call them, they're telling us it's scanned in a different city. Now she is without clothes and her necessities." Pros: "There was a nice selection of entertainment" Cons: "The plane was not comfortable at all for an International flight. United should invest in bigger planes for flights over 6 hours. I could hardly sleep since the seats were so uncomfortable. Further, I was unable to get up and move around as much as I had on other international flights. There was no room on this plane to walk around and stretch. The food was mediocre. Quantas, Air China and Japan Airlines have much better meals." Pros: "The crew was very attentive. They offered refreshments when we needed." Pros: "Everything went well with United at LAX. Baggage check-in and boarding were very easy. Interesting and fun entertainment options made the flight go extremely fast. Crew was very polite and accommodating." Cons: "Leg room seems to be getting smaller and smaller in economy class; could barely move in my window seat." Cons: "I was flying with 3 others and my screen didn't worked at all and 1 earphone port didn't worked from the other guys and when we asked the flight attendants what she can do she answered that she can't do anything" Pros: "Zero" Cons: "UA5132 SBP -> LAX -> ORD My return flight wasn’t better. I arrived at the airport early because I couldn't check in online. First United staff couldn't find my reservation for 10/9. When they finally did I was informed that the flight, once again, was delayed for more than an hour and that there was a high likelihood that I'd miss my connection, once again, to my final destination. I ended up having to select a completely different flight the following day. So I missed an entire day of work. Not surprisingly, this flight was also delayed, landing 30 minutes late." Pros: "That the flight was over" Cons: "Had to pay for flight, tiny sardine seat, water and people on flight were in a huge hurry to exit plane at gate, hardly waiting for row by row polite deplaning. At least I had an assigned seat! Baggage took a long time to arrive. The crowd on flight were very loud - awkward personal conversations. Crew were good." Pros: "Two nice Lift drivers." Cons: "Having to returning to LAX early this more once again. Paying for 3 cabs vs only i" Pros: "It was cheap" Cons: "Very small seats. Good for a short flight but not so much LAX to ATL." Cons: "I didn't like that the seats did not decline at all, it hurt my back. The airline also charged me for my luggage." Pros: "Flight attendants" Cons: "Food items were expensive, having to swipe my card for a cup of water was quite annoying. Missed my first flight due to baggage being closed out although I tried to check my bags online almost 3 hours before the flight." Pros: "Really pretty nice flight, great crew, surprised me. Flight was smooth." Cons: "Had to go back to the gate, no explanation for delay." Cons: "Flight is always late I have traveled with this airline before and it is the same every time late" Cons: "My bags took over an hour to come up the chute! I'm late to my dinner reservation." Pros: "I got a good fare." Cons: "Seat was way too worn in, barely any padding left. There is only one drink offered during a coast to coast flight." Cons: "Changed gates and didn't notify me. Missed my flight" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to Atlanta found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/16Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 9h 09mLAX-ATL $40 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 13h 30mLAX-ATL $42 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 5h 53mLAX-ATL $44 Search 1/17Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 18mLAX-ATL $45 Search 1/15Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 46mLAX-ATL $139 Search 12/8Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 42mLAX-ATL $173 Search 1/16Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 56mLAX-ATL $184 Search 3/28Thu 1 stopAlaska Airlines 11h 34mLAX-ATL $209 Search 1/16Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 14h 06mLAX-ATL $234 Search 4/2Tue nonstopDelta 4h 16mLAX-ATL $249 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesAlaska AirlinesDelta Search by price$40 or less$50 or less$170 or less$210 or less$250 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 17mLAX-ATL 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 55mATL-LAX $115 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 19mLAX-ATL 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 15h 03mATL-LAX $120 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 17h 11mLAX-ATL 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 15h 03mATL-LAX $123 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 11h 23mLAX-ATL 12/9Sat nonstop 5h 14mATL-LAX $131 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 21h 08mLAX-ATL 12/9Sat nonstop 5h 14mATL-LAX $132 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 40mLAX-ATL 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 15h 03mATL-LAX $134 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 20mLAX-ATL 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 5h 13mATL-LAX $140 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 17mLAX-ATL 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 5h 11mATL-LAX $142 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 17h 11mLAX-ATL 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 5h 11mATL-LAX $146 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 4h 25mLAX-ATL 12/9Sat nonstopDelta 4h 55mATL-LAX $330 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesDelta Search by price$120 or less$130 or less$130 or less$140 or less$330 or less Los Angeles - Atlanta Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: Atlanta (ATL)United States Return flight deals: Atlanta - Los Angeles Cabin classes: $1,001 First Class flights to Atlanta $857 Business Class flights to Atlanta $703 Prem Econ Class flights to Atlanta $114 Economy Class flights to Atlanta Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $69Flights from Los Angeles to Atlanta Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $69Flights to Atlanta, Atlanta Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Atlanta flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Atlanta from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Atlanta from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.