Cheap Flights from Vancouver Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle from C$ 244 | (YVR - CDG) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YVR - CDG Find cheap flights from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from C$ 244 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 15/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from Vancouver Intl to Charles de Gaulle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Vancouver Intl to Charles de Gaulle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:35 p.m. - 12:21 p.m.YVR-CDG 30h 46m1 stop 2:25 p.m. - 3:37 p.m.CDG-YVR 34h 12m1 stop C$ 386WestJet Find Deal Sat, 10 Feb - Wed, 21 Feb 10:00 p.m. - 12:21 p.m.YVR-CDG 29h 21m2 stops 2:25 p.m. - 7:38 p.m.CDG-YVR 14h 13m1 stop C$ 391WestJet Find Deal Sat, 10 Feb - Wed, 21 Feb 2:35 p.m. - 12:00 p.m.YVR-CDG 12h 25m1 stop 1:00 p.m. - 4:55 p.m.CDG-YVR 12h 55m1 stop C$ 407Icelandair Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Mon, 5 Feb 2:35 p.m. - 12:00 p.m.YVR-CDG 12h 25m1 stop 1:10 p.m. - 4:55 p.m.CDG-YVR 12h 45m1 stop C$ 419Icelandair Find Deal Thu, 8 Feb - Fri, 16 Feb 9:05 a.m. - 10:20 a.m.YVR-CDG 16h 15m1 stop 2:00 p.m. - 8:35 p.m.CDG-YVR 15h 35m1 stop C$ 449Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Wed, 31 Jan 11:30 a.m. - 10:20 a.m.YVR-CDG 14h 50m1 stop 12:55 p.m. - 8:35 p.m.CDG-YVR 15h 40m1 stop C$ 450Lufthansa Find Deal Tue, 12 Mar - Fri, 22 Mar 9:05 a.m. - 10:20 a.m.YVR-CDG 16h 15m1 stop 9:30 a.m. - 4:41 p.m.CDG-YVR 16h 11m1 stop C$ 451Lufthansa Find Deal Fri, 9 Feb - Tue, 20 Feb 8:55 a.m. - 10:25 a.m.YVR-CDG 16h 30m2 stops 2:00 p.m. - 8:35 p.m.CDG-YVR 15h 35m1 stop C$ 456Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Thu, 18 Jan 3:35 p.m. - 3:15 p.m.YVR-CDG 14h 40m1 stop 10:20 a.m. - 11:25 a.m.CDG-YVR 10h 05mdirect C$ 473Air France Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Tue, 30 Jan 1:30 p.m. - 8:05 a.m.YVR-CDG 9h 35mdirect 10:20 a.m. - 12:25 p.m.CDG-YVR 10h 05mdirect C$ 492Air France Find Deal Tue, 5 Mar - Fri, 15 Mar Show more results Flights from Vancouver Intl to Charles de Gaulle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Vancouver Intl to Charles de Gaulle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Vancouver Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is November, where tickets cost C$ 615 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and June, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 1,451 and C$ 1,446 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 73 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for C$ 524 on WestJet, followed by Icelandair (C$ 552). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as C$ 244 on WestJet and from C$ 627 on Scandinavian Airlines. Which airlines fly direct between Vancouver Intl Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. There is just one airline that flies from Vancouver Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport direct and that is Air France. The best one-way deal found from Air France for the route is C$ 647. How many flights are there between Vancouver Intl Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Vancouver Intl Airport and lands in Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, with an average flight time of 9h 35m. The most common departure time is 1:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 5 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Vancouver Intl Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport take? The duration of a direct flight to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Vancouver is typically 9h 35m. The journey crosses a distance of 12,745 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport at 1:30 pm and will be landing in Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport at 8:05 am. What’s the latest departure time from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport jets off at 1:30 pm and lands at 8:05 am. Good to know Low season January High season November Cheapest flight C$ 244 Best time to beat the crowds (26% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 44% lower on average. Flight from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from Vancouver Intl to Charles de Gaulle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Vancouver Intl to Charles de Gaulle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flights Which airports will I be using when flying from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? On your way to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, you’ll fly out from Vancouver Intl. You’ll be landing at Paris Charles de Gaulle. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Lufthansa, WestJet Encore, Air France, and Air Canada offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Vancouver and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. On which days can I fly direct from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? You can catch a direct flight from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from Vancouver to Paris, Delta or Lufthansa? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Vancouver to Paris are Delta and Lufthansa. With an average price for the route of C$ 986 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Lufthansa is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 914 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Vancouver is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport with an airline and back to Vancouver with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Vancouver to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Vancouver up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Vancouver to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 1,133 or less one-way and C$ 968 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Vancouver Intl to Paris Charles de Gaulle? Find which airlines fly direct from Vancouver Intl to Charles de Gaulle, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Vancouver Intl to Paris Charles de Gaulle Search flights Tuesday Air France,Delta,KLM, +1 more Air France,Delta, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air France,Delta,KLM, +1 more Air France,Delta, +2 more 1 Thursday Air France,Delta,KLM, +1 more Air France,Delta, +2 more 1 Friday Air France,Delta,KLM, +1 more Air France,Delta, +2 more 1 Sunday Air France,Delta,KLM, +1 more Air France,Delta, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Paris Charles de Gaulle to Vancouver Intl Search flights Tuesday Air France,Delta,KLM, +1 more Air France,Delta, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air France,Delta,KLM, +1 more Air France,Delta, +2 more 1 Thursday Air France,Delta,KLM, +1 more Air France,Delta, +2 more 1 Friday Air France,Delta,KLM, +1 more Air France,Delta, +2 more 1 Sunday Air France,Delta,KLM, +1 more Air France,Delta, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Vancouver Intl to Charles de Gaulle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Vancouver to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Vancouver Intl to Charles de Gaulle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9112 reviews 82overall 79food 86crew 82boarding 78comfort 77entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Entertainment" Cons: "I requested a vegan vegetarian meal and did not get it. I had to do with the regular meal which had a lot of dairy products to which I am allergic to. The space between rows of seats. It was really crammed in Economy and we are a petite thin family!"Read more about SWISS Pros: "Entertainment" Cons: "I requested a vegan vegetarian meal and did not get it. I had to do with the regular meal which had a lot of dairy products to which I am allergic to. The space between rows of seats. It was really crammed in Economy and we are a petite thin family!" Pros: "Everything was amazing, except for 2 pieces of luggage that got lost, misplaced, from Zurich to Chicago" Cons: "2 luggage missing, I was told by Swiss airlines I would get them the next day, because they were left behind in Zurich." Pros: "Lots of room on the flight, fresh warm bread, lots of water, nice cabin crew" Cons: "How do I book a vegetarian meal??" Pros: "The food was the best I've had on any airline in recent times. On the first flight it was a croissant and a swiss chocolate, on the second flight it was a hot danish pastry." Cons: "The first flight was late so I was worried I'd miss my connection (however connection was delayed too so I made it). Also, I was asked to check in my bag because "the aircraft was full" however when I got on the plane I noticed it was half-empty and there would have been ample overhead room." Pros: "We have been flying Swiss for years and they are the most reliable and best organized airline, we have ever experienced." Cons: "I didn't notice that I had booked some sort of new economy light category where checked baggage is no longer included and to check baggage when booked into this class cost $60 per bag per flight. So overall on the trip I paid $240 extra for luggage alone." Pros: "On time! Courteous. Free meal! Even on flight less than 2 hours!" Cons: "All good!" Pros: "The crew was very nice and very good. They served the evening meal very promptly. They could have made another trash run prior to everyone trying to sleep for the night flight." Cons: "The coach seats are narrower than any I have encountered and they are very close to the rows in front and behind. Not comfortable at all." Pros: "Professional courteous staff" Cons: "Tray table slid downward whenever it was opened. Headphones quit after the first hour and got scratchy. So little room..tiny video screen. I could not get advance seating because of a code share flight." Pros: "Good seats for my wife and i: window and aisle seat" Cons: "Only glass of water free...coffee is 3.50" Pros: "Good flight with Swiss friendliness. They even passed out food (sandwich) during this very short flight." Cons: "Nothing, really!" Pros: "Amazing crew, excellent drinks and decent food. Very comfortable seat" Cons: "Everything was great" Pros: "Courteous and attentive crew from baggage check in thru baggage claim." Pros: "The seating in upper class is unconventional and uncomfortable." Cons: "Reconfigure seating in upper class. We will no longer be customers for that reason alone.." Pros: "Very friendly crew. The meals are good, nice variety. Hot food is hot." Cons: "Seats are not the most comfortable and sometimes the screen on the entertainment tv doesn't work that easily." Pros: "Speedy boarding and good locker space" Cons: "Lack of room in seat especially with seat in front reclined." Pros: "Excellent airline" Cons: "The business seats could have been wider. I have sat on business class other airlines and the seat was a bit wider but overall still great experience" Pros: "The crew was amazing and effiecent. Had weather delays, bag got left, but got it the next day." Cons: "We were bussed to the plane, there were long dark hairs on my pillow, and they are generous with snacks at close intervals, but the food could be much better. The ideas are cute, but the actual food is pretty basic, which is disappointing for Virgin, who I hold in high regard. Or did." Pros: "The crew where awesome and catered to every need and requirement." Cons: "need to have a slightly deeper seat pitch in premium economy to allow people out without having to wake each other up. Especially on night flights." Pros: "crew was nice" Cons: "First time flying with a partner through Delta, so they stuck us on a Virgin Atlantic flight meaning I didn't get my free Delta check in bag (a fee of $60 each way) when I have gotten it every other flight I have ever taken with them. It was also 2 whole hours late in boarding." Cons: "Not enough room with the seats if someone reclines in front of you." Pros: "You know what you are getting with Delta" Cons: "The economy seats were really tiny, this made the flight fairly uncomfortable" Pros: "The ability to charge my cell phone via USB ports. Also the movies on long flights is really nice" Cons: "Quicker way to get off plane" Cons: "Don't call it "food." the meals were terrible. Also stop creating so much single use plastic." Cons: "It was too cold on the feet during the night. The blanket was not enough. The food lacked good vegetables. The asparagus was too tough. If you wanted to avoid sugar, you could not eat breakfast." Pros: "It is good to be able to go straight to Paris without connecting." Cons: "Boarding was a bit slow." Cons: "Did not serve the food we asked Limited choice of movies" Pros: "The food was good The crew was fantastic, friendly and accommodating Flight was on time" Cons: "I was near the bathroom.. stank a bit" Pros: "The crew was awesome and helped out tremendously when anything was needed!" Pros: "That was a treat since I don't expect the option to watch movies on short flights Also, thank you for the healthier snack items- keep moving in that direction please!" Flight attendants were awful, very rude and inconsiderate for mothers with small infants traveling. Pros: "Austrian Airlines is the best! Crew, food, drinks, entertainment, and plugins were all provided, and it was all very nice (and delicious food!)." Cons: "Nothing! Love Austrian Airlines!" Cons: "Buses to and from the plane. One driver left us in a full bus waiting for 20 minutes. When we arrived in Vienna, there was no bus to pick us up. We had to wait in the plane until one showed up." Cons: "Don’t tell passengers they can make a transfer flight supposed to leave in 20 minutes because the first flight was late, and then have the plane leave without the passengers who sprinted through the airport after having to go through customs and security again." Cons: "The food was so cheap... pasta and a muffin. I’ll be looking around for another airline." Pros: "The crew was not very unhelpful & hardly accommodating, not helpful at all. I have never met such a cold hearted airline crew, so unthankful & not trying to help customer. They kept rolling their eyes & speaking like I was a dirt. I will NEVER fly this airline & I will make sure everyone knows." Cons: "Came early to counter & my passport expires August 9th, so they refuse to help me & did not let me go on board even though I had approval from Jordanian country to fly there. Austerian ticket crew & supervisor did not want even to check the pass through to board with permission. The WORSE airline!!!" Pros: "From start to finish, Sevdije was in great hands. She had to be in a wheelchair, and there were three connecting flights in countries where she doesn't speak the language. It could have been so complicated, and everyone made it SO EASY. She was all smiles when she arrived in Boston. THANK YOU!!!!!!" Cons: "Nothing!" Cons: "Transfer in Frankfurt was impossible on time. Had to rebook later flight" Cons: "There was a mix up about my reservation/ticket. Was stuck at the ticket desk for 45 min" Cons: "Flight was cancelled on the first day. I had to call to find out that I was rebooked on a flight the next day." Did not get to take it. Earlier flight was cancelled Pros: "Food" Cons: "There was loud, annoying static over the intercom off and on." Pros: "Crew" Cons: "We were delayed thirty minutes due to slow service. Zero entertainment and only a brownie for a snack" Pros: "Crew very friendly" Cons: "Lufthansa continuosly treats repeat customers like milk cows. The new ‘light fare’ is a genius way to charge the same as before with ZERO customer support." Pros: "The food was really good! I don’t expect much from airlines but I feel like I got a real meal on board (two of them!)" Cons: "We were delayed taking off and there were three screaming babies, but there’s only so much they can do about that." Pros: "The crew was polite and efficient. Moved very well around sleeping passengers sprawled feet. The shortcomings of the flight had to do with being in a tail section of an economy class in a packed transoceanic flight." Cons: "At the beginning of the long flight the cabin was chilled, which made me happy I had my hooded sweatshirt with me, but at the end it was hot and stuffy. There was no air regulation available from the seat, only light." Pros: "Brand new very nice/comfortable planes. Great routes and flight departure/arrive times. Really great value." Cons: "They’re a budget airline so they nickel and dime you for food and beverage. They are not a member of “sky team” so if they have a flight delay or cancellation they will not book you on another airline." Pros: "Staff was helpful and kind. Entertainment had variety." Cons: "Flight ran out of chicken meals fast, forcing the rest of the plane to have vegetarian instead. I was sat in 41G. Awkward seating arrangement. Worst seat ever! Super cramp, making a 9hr flight very uncomfortable." Cons: "It was Air Canada. Terrible service. Staff needs education on where to take travelers thru the immigration locations. Wasted time going to different locations and time is an essentence! Too many changes of staff from one location to another when it came with wheelchair assistance. One staff was on her personal phone!!! Had 3 different changes of hands then still did not get us to the right terminal, had to run to make the flight! Is that how you treat a 86 years old traveler?" Pros: "Service was excellent, food was good, everyone was friendly and nice." Cons: "Everything was OK." SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from Vancouver to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Vancouver to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 15/1Mon 2 stopsWestJet 35h 07mYVR-CDG C$ 180 Search 16/1Tue 2 stopsWestJet 15h 57mYVR-CDG C$ 182 Search 14/1Sun 2 stopsWestJet 15h 57mYVR-CDG C$ 183 Search 8/12Fri 1 stopAir Canada 14h 55mYVR-CDG C$ 525 Search 9/4Tue 1 stopIcelandair 12h 30mYVR-CDG C$ 527 Search 18/3Mon 1 stopIcelandair 12h 25mYVR-CDG C$ 528 Search 9/5Thu 1 stopAir Transat 13h 05mYVR-CDG C$ 541 Search 18/1Thu directAir France 9h 35mYVR-CDG C$ 653 Search 10/4Wed directAir France 9h 45mYVR-CDG C$ 655 Search 15/3Fri 1 stopAir Canada 18h 40mYVR-CDG C$ 715 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetAir CanadaIcelandairAir TransatAir France Search by priceC$ 180 or lessC$ 530 or lessC$ 530 or lessC$ 650 or lessC$ 720 or less Last minute flights from Vancouver Intl to Charles de Gaulle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Vancouver to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 30h 37mYVR-CDG 8/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 18h 17mCDG-YVR C$ 494 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 29h 12mYVR-CDG 11/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 13h 17mCDG-YVR C$ 618 Search 5/12Tue multi-stop 29h 12mYVR-CDG 13/12Wed multi-stop 19h 37mCDG-YVR C$ 621 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 16h 15mYVR-CDG 17/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 20h 05mCDG-YVR C$ 873 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAir Canada 13h 50mYVR-CDG 13/12Wed multi-stopAir Canada 17h 58mCDG-YVR C$ 904 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 16h 20mYVR-CDG 17/12Sun multi-stopLufthansa 19h 19mCDG-YVR C$ 1,006 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAir France 14h 40mYVR-CDG 12/12Tue directAir France 10h 05mCDG-YVR C$ 1,239 Search 5/12Tue directAir France 9h 35mYVR-CDG 12/12Tue directAir France 10h 05mCDG-YVR C$ 1,244 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopIcelandair 12h 25mYVR-CDG 9/12Sat multi-stopIcelandair 18h 26mCDG-YVR C$ 1,286 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopLufthansa 19h 10mYVR-CDG 12/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 17h 49mCDG-YVR C$ 1,662 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetAir CanadaLufthansaAir FranceIcelandair Search by priceC$ 620 or lessC$ 870 or lessC$ 1,010 or lessC$ 1,240 or lessC$ 1,660 or less Vancouver - Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Flights Departure: Vancouver (YVR)Canada Destination: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)France Return flight deals: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport - Vancouver Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris C$ 3,142 Business Class flights to Paris C$ 1,921 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris C$ 657 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » Canada » British Columbia » Vancouver Airport C$ 520Flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris » Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport C$ 520Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Ottawa Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Kelowna Flights to Kamloops Flights to Yellowknife Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Vancouver. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Vancouver. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.