Cheap Flights from San Francisco to London from $226 | (SFO - LON) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - LON Find cheap flights from San Francisco to London from $226 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/30. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel sáb. 12/30 sáb. 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to London These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to London. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to London. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to London?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to London that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:55 pm - 12:55 pmSFO-LHR 33h 00m2 stops 6:40 am - 6:05 pmLHR-SFO 19h 25m1 stop $432Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal vie., ene. 12 - lun., ene. 15 4:40 pm - 5:30 pmSFO-LHR 16h 50m1 stop 6:00 am - 2:55 pmLHR-SFO 16h 55m1 stop $479TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal jue., feb. 22 - jue., mar. 7 7:00 pm - 1:30 pmSFO-LHR 34h 30m1 stop 12:05 pm - 4:15 pmLHR-SFO 36h 10m1 stop $538United Airlines Find Deal jue., feb. 8 - dom., feb. 11 5:10 pm - 2:15 pmSFO-LGW 13h 05m1 stop 8:35 am - 3:15 pmLGW-SFO 14h 40m1 stop $569British Airways Find Deal dom., feb. 18 - dom., feb. 25 6:10 pm - 2:15 pmSFO-LGW 13h 05m1 stop 9:25 am - 3:50 pmLGW-SFO 14h 25m1 stop $610British Airways Find Deal sáb., mar. 16 - sáb., abr. 13 1:00 pm - 7:30 amSFO-LHR 10h 30mnonstop 8:50 am - 4:15 pmLHR-SFO 15h 25m1 stop $627United Airlines Find Deal mar., ene. 30 - mié., feb. 7 6:40 pm - 12:55 pmSFO-LHR 10h 15mnonstop 6:20 am - 1:05 pmLHR-SFO 14h 45m1 stop $637Virgin Atlantic Find Deal vie., feb. 16 - sáb., feb. 24 8:30 am - 8:00 amSFO-LGW 15h 30m1 stop 12:00 pm - 11:15 pmLGW-SFO 19h 15m1 stop $646Virgin Atlantic Find Deal mar., abr. 16 - mié., may. 1 5:25 pm - 12:00 pmSFO-LHR 10h 35mnonstop 9:20 am - 12:30 pmLHR-SFO 11h 10mnonstop $652Lufthansa Find Deal mié., dic. 13 - vie., dic. 22 4:00 pm - 10:25 amSFO-LHR 10h 25mnonstop 4:15 pm - 7:15 pmLHR-SFO 11h 00mnonstop $659Lufthansa Find Deal mié., may. 1 - mar., may. 14 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to London - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to London to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest San Francisco to London flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from San Francisco to London. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from San Francisco to London cost $157 and was between San Francisco and London Gatwick Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $326. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Francisco to London? The average price of all flights from San Francisco to London clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from San Francisco to London, look for departures on Tuesdays and avoid leaving on a Sunday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from London, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to London? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to London is October, where tickets cost $657 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,255 and $1,082 respectively. Can I save money by flying with a layover from San Francisco to London? The average price for all non-stop flights, flights with one layover, and flights with two layovers for the route found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks. No, with an average price for the route of $337, prices are generally cheapest when you fly direct. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to London? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to London, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 21 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to London? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on WestJet ($226) and Scandinavian Airlines ($286). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Scandinavian Airlines ($432) and TAP AIR PORTUGAL ($479). Which airlines fly most frequently between San Francisco and London? British Airways connects San Francisco to London with up to 3 flights per day. United Airlines also offers 2 flights per day, while Virgin Atlantic follows with 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Francisco and London? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Francisco to London. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from San Francisco to London. They are: British Airways, United Airlines and Virgin Atlantic. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Virgin Atlantic at $621 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Virgin Atlantic. How many flights are there between San Francisco and London per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 8 nonstop flights that take off from San Francisco and land in London, with an average flight time of 10h 25m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening, while the most flights land at London Heathrow Airport. Each week, there are 50 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and London? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to London take? Nonstop flights from San Francisco generally make it to London in 13h 05m. The flying distance between the two cities is 5,358 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from San Francisco to London? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Francisco at 1:00 pm and will be landing in London at 7:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Francisco to London? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Francisco to London jets off at 8:45 pm and lands at 3:15 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $226 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 17% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 51% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport When to book flights from San Francisco to London Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to London based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Francisco to London What are the most sustainable airlines with flights from San Francisco to London? There are several nonstop flights from San Francisco to London. On average, around 2,222 kg of carbon is emitted per passenger on flights from San Francisco to London. Virgin Atlantic, Delta, and KLM are the three most sustainable airlines operating on this route. They emit around 43%, 43%, and 41% less carbon than other airlines operating on this route. What disability services are available at London Heathrow Airport? LHR is a fully-accessible airport. The airport has several structures to ensure easy movement of passengers with disability through LHR. The airport has ramps, elevators, and moving walkways that provide step-free access to people in wheelchairs. Reserved seating at check-in points and reserved parking spaces are also present, as are the accessible restrooms. Guide dogs are allowed at the airport. Are pets allowed to travel through San Francisco International Airport? Yes, Fido is welcome to travel through SFO. However, TSA guidelines require Fido to remain in his carte while in the airport, except when using the relief areas or passing through security. The airport has also provided pet relief areas to ensure your dog is comfortable at SFO. You will find pet relief areas in all four terminals, and the general rule is that outdoor relief areas are pre-security and indoor relief areas are post-security. Where are the duty-free shops located at London Heathrow Airport? Stock up on essentials before you start your tour of London and do it tax-free. LHR has 17 World Duty Free shops dotted around the terminals. You can get anything from cosmetics to concessions to jewelry and electronics at these shops, and yes, they will be available tax-free. In addition to the duty-free stores, LHR also has several retail shops. What is the best way to travel from Gatwick Airport to downtown London? If you are flying into Gatwick Airport but planning on staying in downtown London, the easiest way to travel between these two destinations is by taking the train. The Gatwick Express is a popular option, as the entire journey only takes 45 minutes and it stops at several major stations in the city center. What are some good hotels near London Heathrow Airport? The Leonardo Hotel is a stylish 4-star choice that is directly adjacent to London Heathrow Airport and only a 25-minute drive from the famous Windsor Castle. The Renaissance London is less than a 10-minute walk to the airport and is a 20-minute drive from the Royal Botanic Gardens. Can I store my luggage at London Heathrow Airport? If you would like to store some of your luggage or personal items at London Heathrow Airport, stop by the Arrivals wing in either Terminal 2, 3, 4, or 5. The employees at the luggage desks can keep your items for up to 90 days and can charge you both daily and hourly rates, depending on how long you plan on keeping your things there. Does London Heathrow Airport have any prayer rooms? London Heathrow Airport is home to St. George’s Chapel as well as 4 different interfaith prayer rooms. Each of these prayer rooms is open during standard business hours and they are available for all travelers, regardless of their religious affiliations. Are there baby care facilities at San Francisco Airport? Nursing rooms are available at San Francisco Airport for passengers travelling with infants. Family restrooms and a nursery are available in Terminals 1, 2, and 3. SFO Kids’ Spot is also available for parents who want to keep their kids entertained as they await their flight. Children’s play areas are located in Terminal 1 near the boarding area and Terminal 2 near Gates 54A and 58B after the security area. Is there public transport from downtown San Francisco to San Francisco Airport? A quick and convenient way to travel from downtown San Francisco to SFO Airport is via the Amtrak train. You can access San Francisco Airport from the Amtrak train station via the Bay Area Rapid Rail, which takes around 40min. The other alternative transfer option is a taxi, which takes approximately 25–30min. The SamTrans public bus service also offers transport services from San Mateo County and other parts of San Francisco to SFO Airport. The bus drops off passengers near Courtyard 2 in Terminal 2 and near Courtyard 4 in Terminal 3. Is there public transport from London Heathrow to central London? While Heathrow Express is slighter quicker than the Heathrow Connect, the latter offers cheaper transfer options from Heathrow to central London. The Heathrow Connect train leaves the airport every 30 minutes and takes around 40min from Terminal 5 to London’s central business district. Are there banking services at London Heathrow Airport? ATMs are available in all terminals at London Heathrow, and Travelex also provides currency exchange services across all terminals at London Heathrow. It is recommended to use the pick-up and order-online service at LHR. There are 35 currency exchange locations throughout the airport, with most operating from as early as 05:00 to 22:00. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and London? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from San Francisco to London? When flying out of San Francisco you will be using San Francisco. You will be landing at one of these airports: London City, London Gatwick, London Heathrow, London Luton, London Southend, or London Stansted. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to London? The Boeing 777 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to London flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to London? oneworld, Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between San Francisco and London, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from San Francisco to London? There are nonstop flights from San Francisco to London on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to London, Virgin Atlantic or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to London are Virgin Atlantic and Delta. With an average price for the route of $823 and an overall rating of 8.0, Virgin Atlantic is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $893 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to London? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to London. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to London? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to London from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to London? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to London with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to London? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to London from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from San Francisco to London Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $284 or less one-way and $450 or less round-trip. San Francisco International Airport (SFO) is a major international hub with four terminals connected by walkways and an Air Train. Getting between terminals can be tiresome, so the airport has provided the train and shuttles to quickly get passengers between terminals, the parking garage, and the BART station at SFO. Are you feeling nervous before your flight to London? Look out for the Wag brigade at SFO. The Wag Brigade consists of 20 or so therapy dogs trained to de-stress passengers before their flight. You will identify them by their vests written “Pet Me.” Consider flying to London Heathrow Airport (LHR) over Gatwick since it serves as a hub for British Airways, allowing you easy connections to many other destinations in London. If you are traveling to the southern parts of London, prioritize flying to London Gatwick Airport (LGW) over LHR. LHR is in west London, ideal for people traveling north, east, west, and central London, while LGW sits 30 miles in the south, ideal if you’re traveling to the south. If you get to the airport a little bit too early, you can do lots to kill time at SFO. You can check the art on display or learn something new at the Aviation Museum in the International Terminal. The observation deck is a great place to watch planes take off and land, and the flight deck provides fascinating information on SFO and San Francisco. Interested in flights from San Francisco to London? There are three different airports that you can choose to depart from. While San Francisco International Airport is the primary airport in the region and offers a diverse selection of flights, Oakland International Airport is a smaller and quieter choice. San Jose Mineta International Airport is also an option that is practical for travelers leaving from the southern region of San Francisco. When flying to London, there are five different airports that you can choose from. London Heathrow is the largest and is most convenient for those flying direct, while London City, London Stansted, and London Luton are best for travelers who prefer small and quiet airports. Finally, London Gatwick is a practical option for anyone planning on staying in the suburbs. To get a direct flight from San Francisco to London, consider flying with either British Airways or American Airlines. Both companies are known for having a diverse selection of flights between these two locations, plus they offer affordable tickets and provide amenities such as free checked bags, food, and drinks. There are direct non-stop flights from San Francisco Airport (SFO) to London Heathrow with airlines other including Aer Lingus and Delta. There are also cheap one-stop and two-stop flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow with Lufthansa, SWISS Airlines, British Airways, and Iberia. If you’re interested in having a comfortable place to pass the time before your flight takes off, book your ticket with an airline that has a private lounge in San Francisco International Airport. American, Delta, and United Airlines all have private lounges in San Francisco, and they often offer access passes that are complimentary or reduced price for their customers. For those who will be traveling with children, make sure to stop by one of the Stay and Play areas located in London Heathrow Airport. These play areas contain a variety of games, toys, and activities, making them the perfect way for children to burn off some energy after sitting for a long flight. There are several lounges at London Heathrow Airport, including the Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge, United Club, and Plaza Premium Arrivals Lounge in Terminal 3, and both the Regus Express Business Lounge and No. 1 Heathrow Lounge in Terminals 2 and 2B. Free unlimited WiFi is available at London Heathrow Airport. The airport has additional free internet kiosks in every terminal. The charging area in Terminal 5 is located near check-in zones G and D, while charging stations in Terminal 2 are located next to check-in Zones A/B and C/D. You can relax at nearby hotels after a long flight from San Francisco to London Luton Airport (LTN). The Holiday Inn Express hotel is about a 5min walk from the airport. The hotel doesn’t offer a free airport shuttle, but it is near the First Capital Connect bus station, which operates buses that link Luton Airport to Luton Parkway train station. There is free WiFi at San Francisco Airport. Free internet access at San Francisco Airport is available for up 4h. Passengers will be prompted to accept the terms and conditions before continuing to access the internet. Free power outlets and workstations are available throughout the WiFi-accessible areas. Charging at these areas may be slower, but rapid charging areas are available in Terminal 1 near Gate 23 and Terminal 3 near Gate 87. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Francisco to London? Find which airlines fly direct from San Francisco to London, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Francisco to London Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights Nonstop returns London to San Francisco Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to London See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to London. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to London? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19621 reviews 86crew 78food 82comfort 83boarding 79entertainment 82overall Airline reviews Cons: "Flight turned around halfway and returned to origin airport. A full explanation was never given."Read more about JetBlue Cons: "Flight turned around halfway and returned to origin airport. A full explanation was never given." Pros: "Good legroom in economy. Friendly, helpful flight attendants. Multiple snack choices." Cons: "More LA SF Bay Area flight options." Cons: "They had to reset entertainment sets 3 times before they started working. This happens regularly on the SFO to BOS jetblue flight." Cons: "Poor movie selection/ purchase for outdated headphones required. No USB." Cons: "Entertainment screen in our section of the plane were not functioning correctly. The crew made several attempts to reset the screens but it didn't work," Pros: "Each seat had power outlet for laptop as well as a USB port" Pros: "Despite being a smaller airline I must say I’m completely floored by how much I enjoyed my flight with JetBlue! The free WiFi is a game changer compared to the greedier airlines that charge through the roof for it and the staff has been incredibly kind. ‏ Also, the flight attendants were really sweet. I watched them diffuse a few situations that most people would have ended up making worse. Not to mention this is the only airline that actually OFFERED to assist me getting on the plane. I sometimes request assistance, but I really needed it last night and they offered without a second thought. I had only come up to the desk to ask about reprinting my ticket. As soon as I went up to the desk to ask about reprinting my ticket, they immediately asked if I was ready to preboard. The man who helped wheel me out of the plane at JFK was very considerate as well and asked if I wanted to go to the restroom before going out to the gate. He wheeled me all the way to the car where my husband was waiting. Every member of the Jet Blue staff I met this weekend was exemplary. If I can help it I will always fly Jet Blue when I fly nationally." Cons: "The gate was not as clean or neat as other gates. My flight was also delayed by two hours." Cons: "The plane was 2 hours late with no explanation and no apology until we were getting off the plane." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Booked to travel with others and return flight itinerary was changed prior to our trip. Friends have to wait longer at airport and we now have to leave earlier. Outbound plane broke and we ended up leaving 3 hours late. Updates were poor and we were left wondering what was happening. Got to our destination at 3am. Given a $75 credit that can only be used for future tickets. Why not for baggage or seat upgrades? Not planning to fly this airline any time soon." Pros: "I love the complementary drinks, snacks and WiFi. Direct TV & Sirius XM radio is also included! The staff is always nice and friendly. I like that you are allowed 1 carry on and one personal item under your seat." Cons: "I think there could be more leg room or space. Tha man next to me kept rubbing against me every time he took a sip of his drink. Otherwise no complaints!" Pros: "Nothing. There was no flight. The flight was cancelled and you did not notify us. We found it out ourselves by accident. We tried to contact you guys but we could not call or anything other. You guys suck" Cons: "Notify your customers when the flight is cancelled. Thats the least you can do. Very unprofessional" Cons: "The sitting was so very small, I never traveled so crumpled." Pros: "Good crew, food was good for airline food. Entertainment offerings were good." Cons: "Too many seats, 3-4-3 configuration means not even enough room to walk down aisle without bumping people in their narrow seats." Pros: "Crew were great" Cons: "Cabin kept very hot, very difficult to sleep. Seats were so-so comfortable" Pros: "Orderly boarding process. Considerate reseating when bulkhead with extra legroom were not usable." Pros: "The crew was amazingly efficient serving food and drink. In the recline position the seat bottom extended which was far more comfortable than simply reclining." Cons: "The food was mediocre and the selection of movies was very limited." Pros: "Smooth transfer from Terminal 3 to the International Terminal. Great airport. Easy boarding, friendly crew and very smooth flight." Cons: "I was very happy with my flight experience with Swiss." Pros: "The seat was ok, I paid $ 115 per Trip ( total of $ 230) just to sit at the emergency exit to have some leg room and then I am sitting next to the bathroom and people stepping on my feet because they tend to hang out around the bathroom." Cons: "The flight attendant not wearing perfume. Food was very poor to say the least." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "Boarding by rows and not like cows all at one time" Pros: "The food was great. The service is excellent. Swiss Air gets an A+." If I could fly Virgin Atlantic airlines to every place, I need to go, I would. Leaving Heathrow through the special virgin air entrance, security is completely white glove service. I love this airline. From ticketing agents to flight staff everyone tries to make it a wonderful & happy flight experience. I wish other airlines copied the positive culture of Virgin Airlines. Pros: "Always helpful cabin staff and very efficient" Cons: "Cery old aircraft ecenomy cramped (usually fly premium but it was an emergency )" Pros: "Crew are always top notch, free drinks are readily available and entertainment system is great." Cons: "The food portions and quality have definitely declined over the years sadly, as carriers cut costs no doubt." Pros: "I like that there are multiple bathrooms onboard." Cons: "The rows are so narrow between seats that your roll on suitcase will not fit. You have no elbow room in your seat. People who live in England are very rude and would not let those of us seated in front of them to deplane. Too bad there isn’t someway to make people wait their turn." Pros: "The crew was so kind and amazing. They definitely made our flight great!" Cons: "The entertainment wasn’t working for most of the flight. We only got about an hour and a half of entertainment" Pros: "Amazing crew, excellent drinks and decent food. Very comfortable seat" Cons: "Everything was great" Pros: "Crew was great !!!" Cons: "Seating in upper class is uncomfortable and bedding is not fresh." Cons: "Very cramped aisle seat and I kept being knocked by passing crewe including knocking over a cup of water." Pros: "Crew was generally nice and caring." Cons: "Of course coach seat was not super comfortable. And speaker and screen at my seat did not work." Pros: "Virgin Atlantic is the best airline I’ve ever flown on internationally. The service is wonderful, from check in to inflight service. Everything went as planned. The food and drinks on board are free and they are an abundance of snacks, much more than we dreamed. The flight attendants are excellent" Cons: "No. Keep up the good work!" Cons: "My monitor isn’t really working after rebooted. And the audio hole wasn’t tight enough" Pros: "Terrible seats! It keeps getting worse." Cons: "Timing of leaving the airport! It was delayed and I missed my international flight" Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "Flew us safely home." Cons: "We waiting on the runway for over a long period." Pros: "Food was unexpectedly good." Cons: "The flight was delayed for 40 minutes. We could hardly catch connecting flight" Pros: "Food was good, boarding was fast and efficient" Cons: "Smallest seats I’ve seen in a while. Very uncomfortable. Still haven’t announced baggage carousel but that’s jfk for ya. WiFi didn’t work on flight either." Pros: "Great service. Smooth flight. Funny flight attendants. No issues boarding or deplaning." Cons: "Food wasn’t great. What’s new?" Pros: "Good movies and tv selection. Seat next to me was empty, so that was great." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Call back service was best part." Cons: "Booked ticket through venture card points. This meant that the email address and phone number to contact us in the event of changes was mediocre information. I was informed from Tripit that the flight was delayed, not by Delta. Reservation personnel took logical course of action to find new flight for connection that we could make because of delayed initial flight. I would recommend that they first see if there is an earlier initial flight that the customer could make, then look at finding later connecting flights. We found out about delay 8 hours prior, so we had plenty of time to get to the airport earlier. Total delay required me to take additional day off of work." Pros: "The crew are very friendly, positive and have good sense of humor." Cons: "The flight got delayed badly" Cons: "The aircraft arrived late in Istanbul for the connecting flight to Egypt causing us to miss out flight which made us wait 5+ hours in the airport which was a huge inconvenience." Pros: "Timing. Food and service" Cons: "Unanounced delay of about one hour due to long unexplained route" Pros: "Food and entertainment was great." Cons: "Delayed at origin and layover. Crew was a bit hard to track down at times." Cons: "The booking experience was exceptionally bad. Never again through you." Pros: "Excellent service and food. Good selection of movies. Great overall experience." Cons: "Crying baby and squealing toddler." Pros: "Food Free wine and drinks Good movie selection Good headphones Good and nice team" Cons: "Istanbul Airport: Overcrowding at Arrival / Transit Terminal Way finding-poor signage for transit passengers" Pros: "The service was excellent and the staff was so professional and nice" Pros: "Entertainment" Cons: "Staff was less than friendly and seats were not very comfortable in coach." Pros: "Good connection from SFO to TLV. Good service good food" Cons: "No problem" JetBlue8.1 SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to London Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to London found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/30mar. 1 stopWestJet 15h 00mSFO-LHR $226 Search 1/28dom. 1 stopWestJet 15h 00mSFO-LHR $228 Search 1/15lun. 1 stopLufthansa 18h 25mSFO-LGW $347 Search 3/2sáb. nonstopLufthansa 10h 30mSFO-LHR $453 Search 12/29vie. 1 stopUnited Airlines 20h 56mSFO-LHR $454 Search 12/27mié. 1 stopUnited Airlines 26h 51mSFO-LHR $472 Search 12/10dom. 1 stopBritish Airways 16h 20mSFO-LCY $736 Search 12/10dom. 1 stopBritish Airways 13h 05mSFO-LGW $736 Search 12/26mar. 1 stopVirgin Atlantic 19h 15mSFO-LCY $779 Search 12/14jue. 1 stopVirgin Atlantic 18h 30mSFO-LCY $872 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetLufthansaUnited AirlinesBritish AirwaysVirgin Atlantic Search by price$230 or less$450 or less$470 or less$740 or less$870 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to London Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to London that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5mar. multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 22h 00mSFO-LHR 12/11lun. multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 27h 45mLHR-SFO $466 Search 12/5mar. multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 32h 45mSFO-LGW 12/11lun. multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 29h 40mLGW-SFO $527 Search 12/3dom. multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 13h 45mSFO-LHR 12/10dom. multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 16h 10mLHR-SFO $541 Search 12/1vie. nonstopUnited Airlines 10h 35mSFO-LHR 12/3dom. multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 15mLHR-SFO $595 Search 12/1vie. multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 00mSFO-LHR 12/4lun. multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 25mLHR-SFO $629 Search 12/1vie. nonstopVirgin Atlantic 10h 15mSFO-LHR 12/8vie. multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 13h 30mLHR-SFO $637 Search 12/3dom. multi-stopBritish Airways 30h 45mSFO-LGW 12/10dom. multi-stopBritish Airways 14h 40mLGW-SFO $835 Search 12/3dom. multi-stopBritish Airways 30h 45mSFO-LGW 12/9sáb. multi-stopBritish Airways 37h 38mLGW-SFO $853 Search 12/5mar. nonstopAmerican Airlines 10h 25mSFO-LHR 1/7dom. multi-stopAmerican Airlines 17h 36mLHR-SFO $991 Search 12/3dom. multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 11mSFO-LHR 1/1lun. multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 31mLHR-SFO $996 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTAP AIR PORTUGALScandinavian AirlinesUnited AirlinesVirgin AtlanticBritish AirwaysAmerican Airlines Search by price$530 or less$600 or less$640 or less$850 or less$1,000 or less San Francisco - London Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: London - San Francisco Cabin classes: First Class flights to London $2,457 Business Class flights to London $1,540 Prem Econ Class flights to London $326 Economy Class flights to London Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $397Flights from San Francisco to London Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » United Kingdom » England » London $647Flights to London City Airport, London $470Flights to London Gatwick Airport, London $397Flights to London Heathrow Airport, London $673Flights to London Luton Airport, London $1,509Flights to London Southend Airport, London $433Flights to London Stansted Airport, London View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search London flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to London from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to London from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.