Cheap Flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles from $40 | (MSP - LAX) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MSP - LAX Find cheap flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles from $40 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/5. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Los Angeles These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to Los Angeles. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to Los Angeles. How much is the cheapest flight from Minneapolis to Los Angeles?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:40 pm - 10:29 amMSP-LAX 13h 49m1 stop 6:00 am - 9:39 pmLAX-MSP 13h 39m1 stop $106Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 23 10:40 pm - 9:36 amMSP-LAX 12h 56m1 stop 6:00 am - 9:45 pmLAX-MSP 13h 45m1 stop $108Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Tue, Jan 9 10:40 pm - 10:29 amMSP-LAX 13h 49m1 stop 6:00 am - 9:39 pmLAX-MSP 13h 39m1 stop $109Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Feb 6 10:00 am - 12:01 pmMSP-LAX 4h 01mnonstop 12:35 pm - 9:39 pmLAX-MSP 7h 04m1 stop $112 Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Wed, Jan 31 12:00 pm - 1:54 pmMSP-LAX 3h 54mnonstop 6:00 am - 9:39 pmLAX-MSP 13h 39m1 stop $123 Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Tue, Jan 23 10:00 am - 12:01 pmMSP-LAX 4h 01mnonstop 11:15 am - 4:54 pmLAX-MSP 3h 39mnonstop $136Sun Country Air Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Jan 18 10:00 am - 12:01 pmMSP-LAX 4h 01mnonstop 1:00 pm - 6:39 pmLAX-MSP 3h 39mnonstop $138Sun Country Air Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Tue, Jan 23 1:48 pm - 11:06 pmMSP-LAX 11h 18m1 stop 6:40 am - 5:24 pmLAX-MSP 8h 44m1 stop $254American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Mon, Jan 29 1:48 pm - 11:06 pmMSP-LAX 11h 18m1 stop 10:30 am - 9:40 pmLAX-MSP 9h 10m1 stop $255American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Sat, Jan 13 7:00 am - 2:59 pmMSP-LAX 9h 59m1 stop 1:55 pm - 11:32 pmLAX-MSP 7h 37m1 stop $259Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Fri, Jan 19 Show more results Flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? The average price of all flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Minneapolis to Los Angeles, look for departures on Tuesdays and avoid leaving on a Friday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Los Angeles, Thursday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles is September, where tickets cost $263 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and April, where the average cost of tickets is $357 and $348 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Minneapolis to Los Angeles, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 57 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Los Angeles from Minneapolis were found on Spirit Airlines ($40) and Sun Country Air ($68), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($106) and Sun Country Air ($136). Which airlines fly non-stop between Minneapolis and Los Angeles? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Minneapolis to Los Angeles. They are Delta and Sun Country Air. The cheapest airline for this route is Sun Country Air, with the best one-way deal found costing $158. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Sun Country Air. How many flights are there between Minneapolis and Los Angeles per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 7 nonstop flights that take off from Minneapolis and land in Los Angeles, with an average flight time of 4h 12m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 36 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Minneapolis and Los Angeles? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Minneapolis to Los Angeles take? A direct flight to Los Angeles will take on average 3h 54m to travel the 1,533 miles flying distance from Minneapolis. What’s the earliest departure time from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Minneapolis at 6:00 am and will be landing in Los Angeles at 8:16 am. What’s the latest departure time from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Minneapolis to Los Angeles jets off at 9:58 pm and lands at 12:13 am. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $40 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 16% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 9% increase in price. Flight from Minneapolis to Los Angeles When to book flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Minneapolis to Los Angeles based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles What are some eco-friendly airlines flying from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? Booking flights by Delta Air Lines or Spirit Airlines is a sustainable way of traveling from Minneapolis to Los Angeles. The airlines offer flights from MSP that emit around 43% and 42% less carbon per person, respectively, than the average amount of 2,793 lbs. of CO2 released per person on this route. How can I get to Minneapolis-Saint Paul Airport? The Metro Bus is a popular choice for travelers going to the airport from downtown. Some hotels near the airport have complimentary airport shuttles for guests staying at the establishments. Travelers can use light rail transit from downtown Minneapolis to the airport terminals. Taxis and rideshares are ideal choices for travelers with baggage, or you can also opt for private shuttles. Does Minneapolis-Saint Paul Airport have accessibility services? Travelers with limited mobility flying to Los Angeles from MSP can request free wheelchairs ahead of their day of travel via their respective airlines. Airport employees will help passengers navigate the airport, and there are designated accessible parking spaces in the parking lots. The restrooms in the terminals are easily accessible. Are there luggage-storage services at Los Angeles International Airport? Yes. There is a private luggage storage service operating at LAX. At the arrivals level, you can make a call to the service provider, and the company will pick up your luggage at the airport and store it for you at a fee. The company also has drop-off services for when you need your luggage back. What are the parking options at Minneapolis-Saint Paul Airport? MSP has an hourly and daily parking option for short-term parking, and spots can be booked online ahead of time. Terminal 2 has a long-term economy parking option, and the availability of parking spots can be checked on the airport’s website. Valet parking is also available, and there are EV- charging stations in the airport. Does Los Angeles International Airport have lounges? Yes. American Airlines Admirals Club has two locations, in Terminals 4 and 5, and can be accessed by passengers using American Airlines or those with lounge membership programs. United Club is in Terminal 7 and is accessible for travelers using United Airlines or those with United Club Memberships. Delta Sky Club and Centurion Lounge are located in Terminal 6, and there is also a military lounge in the airport. Where can I grab a bite to eat at Los Angeles International Airport? 800 Degrees Pizza is a popular restaurant located in Terminal B of Los Angeles International Airport that serves traditional Italian food, while Barney’s Beanery can be found in Terminal 2 and serves a variety of burgers, Mexican food, and appetizers. There is also a Chick-Fil-A that can be found in Terminal 1 and is a good option for travelers short on time. Which hotels are closest to Los Angeles International Airport? For a chic and modern choice, book a room at the 4-star Sheraton Gateway, a hotel that is less than 1mi from Los Angeles International Airport and a 20m drive from the Santa Monica Pier. The Crowne Plaza is a more casual option that is an 8m drive from the airport and a 15m drive from the Venice Canals. Does Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport have any amenities for children? Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport currently has several private lactation and nursing suites that can be found in each terminal. Additionally, there are two aviation-themed kids zones that are equipped with games and play equipment and are located in Concourses C and H. Are there any pet relief areas at Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport? If you’re traveling with a furry friend, bring them to one of the enclosed grassy areas outside of the Arrivals terminals at Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport. Two such areas can be found outside of Terminal 1 and one near Terminal 2, with each of them containing waste disposal bags and trash cans. Do I need a passport to fly between Minneapolis and Los Angeles? A passport is not required to fly from Minneapolis to Los Angeles. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Minneapolis to Los Angeles flight route: Spirit Airlines, Delta, Silver Airways, Frontier, American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Aeromexico, Horizon Air, and JetBlue. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? The Boeing 737-900 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Minneapolis to Los Angeles flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Minneapolis and Los Angeles. On which days can I fly direct from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? There are nonstop flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $518 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $378 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Los Angeles from Minneapolis is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Los Angeles with an airline and back to Minneapolis with another airline. Booking your flights between Minneapolis and LAX can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Los Angeles from Minneapolis up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from MSP to Los Angeles Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $146 or less one-way and $272 or less round-trip. Several car rental companies operate at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), including Budget and Dollar. Once you land at the airport, you’ll find a rental car shuttle sign outside the baggage claim area. Some rental companies have complimentary shuttles that will transport you to their offices. LAX has art displays scattered around the airport that feature permanent exhibitions, and you can also visit the multiple spas found in Terminals 1 and 5. LAX also has a variety of high-end stores where you can go shopping. Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport (MSP) has a hotel on the airport’s grounds. InterContinental Minneapolis-Saint Paul Airport can be accessed from Terminal 1 using the skyway near Gate C25. The hotel offers guests showers and is ideal for passengers with early flights. If you are interested in nonstop flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles, there are several companies to choose from. To purchase affordable tickets, make your reservation with either Spirit or Sun Country Airlines. For a company that provides free snacks and comfortable seats, select Delta Airlines. Have some extra time before your flight from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? Consider purchasing a pass for either the Escape or PGA MSP Lounge in Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport (MSP). Both of these lounges contain televisions, magazines, drinks, and boardgames, making them a fun and convenient place to relax before beginning your travels. For those traveling to Los Angeles for work, don’t forget to pay a visit to the Business Center in Terminal 1 of Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport. In addition to workstations and telephones, this center also has copying and faxing services as well as a FedEx counter. If you are a smoker, keep in mind that smoking is prohibited inside of each of the terminals at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). To have a cigarette, you will instead have to find a designated smoking area outside that is clearly labeled with official airport signs. To ask questions about your airline or discover what type of ground transportation is best for you to head to your hotel, look for one of the help desks found near the baggage claim at Los Angeles International Airport. Open every day from 6:00 am to 12:00 am, these desks are operated by official airport employees. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Minneapolis St Paul to Los Angeles? Find which airlines fly direct from Minneapolis St Paul to Los Angeles, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Minneapolis St Paul to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, China Eastern, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +5 more Aeromexico, Air France, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, China Eastern, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +6 more Aeromexico, Air France, +7 more 5 6 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, China Eastern, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, China Eastern, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, China Eastern, +7 more Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Los Angeles to Minneapolis St Paul Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, China Eastern, +7 more Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Aeromexico, Delta, KLM, +5 more Aeromexico, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Aeromexico, China Eastern, Delta, +7 more Aeromexico, China Eastern, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Aeromexico, Delta, ITA Airways, +6 more Aeromexico, Delta, +7 more 5 6 Friday Aeromexico, China Eastern, Delta, +6 more Aeromexico, China Eastern, +7 more 5 6 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, China Eastern, +7 more Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Aeromexico, China Eastern, Delta, +7 more Aeromexico, China Eastern, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Minneapolis to Los Angeles See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Minneapolis to Los Angeles. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Minneapolis to Los Angeles? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 82comfort 85boarding 78entertainment 85overall 79food 88crew Airline reviews Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger." Cons: "Great flight and their service was great. Looking forward to my next flight with them." Cons: "My flight was cancelled and instead of getting a cancellation notice, I received a “your flight has been updated” email which indicated that my flight was changed from Wednesday to Friday. Unacceptable!!!" Pros: "I dont like there service." Cons: "Alaska airlines did not provide assistance and I requested to assist to re check in my baggage. I did not receive any assistance to the airlines staff. This is horrible service and not happy to the alaska airlines." Pros: "Every aspect of the trip was above our expectations, comfortable seats, delightful staff, good food and on time service." Cons: "Paid for and reserved a premium seat 6 weeks before flight but got reassigned to a non-premium seat upon check-in. I had to call customer care for a refund of the premium upgrade. No more live TV unlike the old Virgin America." Pros: "Being in the service industry I completely understand how important customer service is! Alaskan airlines have asked their staff to use the customers name as much as possible. It was great to see that when I was borning my name was used. This was not an ordinary monotone thank you that every single person gets. The “ Have a nice flight and Thank you for flying with us”, was cheerful and upbeat and I was greeted with a smile. During my flight the customers names were used as they were asking to take orders as well as passing out food as though you were known person to them. I am not a regular flyer, I did not use my credit card, the fact that they used my name means Alaskan has a trick to the trade that others don’t.. I am not a regular flyer, I did not use my credit card, my flight attendants knew my name. What an amazing experience." Cons: "That there wasn’t anyone to meet us at the gate and we had to wait on the plane." Pros: "Excellent crew. very friendly. No attitudes" Cons: "they were not ready for us at LAX. We spent 20 minutes in a remote corner of the airline waiting for a gangway so we could go down to the tarmac and wait another 50 minutes for buses. No gate, no buses, just standing around. Terrible planning for our arrival" Cons: "Auxiliary generator broken so plan got hot very quickly. Flight was 2.5 hrs delayed due to another mechanical failure. And then once we were in air they generously notified us that the WiFi was broken. Utter garbage." Pros: "Crew was nice and friendly" Cons: "The economy seats in an A321 are uncomfortable and there is very limited legroom." Cons: "Delaying a flight by 2 hours for crew issues is ridiculous and even more do not alerting me to the change before I was at the airport. Terrible" Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Pros: "Food was excellent. I had the pasta. Loved watching movies." Cons: "Missed my connecting flight due to previous flight being delayed." Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "It is a busy travel day and this flight was unbelievably smooth. The entire crew was competent and friendly." Pros: "I liked that me and my boyfriend actually got to sit together." Cons: "Seat assignment at gate and it changed 3 times to Accommodate others." Pros: "Getting off the plane in Los Angeles" Cons: "3 small children put in the row behind the exit row kicking the seat backs and slamming the tray tables" Pros: "The seats are not comfortable at all. The tickets that we bought promised a USB port and there were none. And oddly enough, everything around me was very sticky. The seat, the seat in front of me, the window.. it was an overall uncomfortable flight" Cons: "At least one USB port per seat would’ve been nice. The WiFi was so slow that I couldn’t even send an email. And maybe the seats could’ve been wiped down a bit." Cons: "Cramped seating, limited overhead bin space, mediocre experience. Next time I’ll spend the extra money and fly Delta." Pros: "On-line entertainment was ok. It would have been better if they could notify you more clearly in advance about how to download the information you need and to let you know that earphones are not provided." Cons: "Seats were uncomfortable. Flight attendants were not particularly service oriented. For example, when I asked for a glass of water the flight attendant sighed and then got it. So, the result was fine but the manner was not friendly." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Everything ! Internet wasn’t working and the charging port didn’t work" Pros: "Flight was on-time." Cons: "Check in crew were robotic, lacked enthusiasm. Is management competent? Are they leading, or directing? There is a difference, and one is more effective than the other. If morale is low, if employee satisfaction is low on what is visible to the passengers; then I wonder about what passengers don't see: maintenance crews, safety, quality assurance. I heard lots of grumblings from other passengers about bag policy. Provide first class service to your employees, and they will provide first-class service to your customers." Pros: "The crew was friendly. It was a direct flight. We arrived on time." Cons: "You charge fees to pick a seat! You charge fees to bring a bag! I already paid for the flight! How greedy can you get?" Pros: "The crew was really nice" Cons: "The flight was very bumpy and the landing was horrible." Pros: "The crew on the ground and sky were amazing. Everyone i talked to was kind and understanding while dealing with a difficult situation." Cons: "Ultimately, sun country could of communicated better all around. Was not informed that the flight was delayed until I checked into airport/ even though we were told that the airline knew that the plane was late “all day.” Arrived for a 3:50 flight and did not take off till after 9. Furthermore, there was limited communication regarding when we would actually take off. Checking-in I was informed boarding would start at “6:40” and then we did not board until 830-9." Pros: "Excellent customer service" Cons: "Being given new seats even though we had to pay extra to get them in the first place. Being charged for luggage when the website wasn’t clear about this matter." Pros: "Identification was stolen in Schofield, WI Unable to get back to Minneapolis for the flight. Thanks, Kyle" Pros: "Flight was late, crew didn't do anything to expedite boarding and it took the longest I have ever seen to board a plane." Cons: "Boarding process was slow and chaotic" Pros: "The check-in process was very easy and friendly. The flight attendants seemed nicer than other airlines." Cons: "From Vancouver to Los Angeles no screen seats no Entertainment" Pros: "I liked the complementary beverages and snacks." Cons: "It would have been nice to be able to access entertainment withou t having to download an app and having a cell phone." Cons: "We didnt have enough time to make the connection between the fly . We ran for all aeropuert and almost loss the fly to Lax" Pros: "Smooth flight, staff are all friendly! Overall a great trip!" Cons: "Food and entertainment require extra charge, although I understand that it is standard for short trips and smaller planes." Pros: "on Time, smooth fight, great staff" Cons: "no more TV in the seats. Not everyone fly's with electronic devices" Pros: "Crew did a good job, even with the long delays." Cons: "Plane was almost 2 hours late getting to LA. Started with the crew needing to clear customs in Vancouver. Delayed by 30 minutes....then the crew preboarded a sick lady and her travel companion. At some point crew decided she should not fly to LA, but the ladies wouldn’t get off plane! 45 minutes later and 4 RCMP show up to escort them off plane. Then we didn’t have any ground crew to get us off loading ramp. Finally got away 90 minutes or more after scheduled departure. Circled LA a few times before getting to land.... long flight with long delays!" Pros: "Uncomfortable, babies crying. Flight attendants disappeared after first drinks. No offers of head phones, snacks etc Delta Flight from Tampa to Minneapolis was excellent" Cons: "Mentioned above" Pros: "Friendly crew." Cons: "The flight was delayed three hours, including having to de-plane and board a new plane, due to a backup generator lying engine issue. Totally unacceptable." Pros: "The crew was fantastic and plane was clean" Cons: "My entertainment video player had a bad earphone jack so i could not watch movies or tv and resorted to paying for wifi" Cons: "I've tried to respond twice now with a long detailed answer only to get booted out of the page. In short you and Flyus.com are criminals that ripped me off for over 430 dollars U.S. will never use you again" Pros: "The crew was probably the only positive thing of the flight." Cons: "Late boarding because of downsizing plane and overbooking, than sitting on a plane for an additional hour after boarding completed while it was very hot inside. Departed and landed with a delay. Very old airplane with no individual fans above the seats, no outlets to charge devices and no entertainment system." Pros: "We arrived safely The seats were comfortable We were on time" Cons: "1) American's boarding process seems to be driven by ticket price and nothing else. Every other airline I've been with boards families with small children first. It lets those families and get on board and get setup so that they don't block aisle access for everyone else. American seems to board based on how expensive your ticket was. So, the aisles get blocked and boarding takes forever. 2) The cabin crew gave pretty apathetic service. When our baby threw up on us, they just told us to go clean ourselves up in the bathrooms. They gave us a can of soda water to help clean up, but that was about it. 3) When my wife asked if the bread was dairy free (for our baby with a dairy allergy), the staff's response was to turn to another staff member and ask them, "Do you want to go back and research that?" In the end they just told us they didn't have time to look it up." Cons: "We are letting too many people with the flu, travel. This in turn is spreading it to other places and getting too many people sick. We need to control this more. I don’t have an option after spending all this money on if I can stay healthy or not, and that is not ok." Pros: "Plane was new and entertainment was free. Great service too." Cons: "American has improved a lot" Pros: "We missed this flight." Cons: "Background info: we flew from Dublin to Toronto (Aer Lingus) and we were supposed to fly Toronto to Los Angeles on American Airlines; however, we had a British Airways flight number for both of these flights. We missed our connecting flight in Toronto with American Airlines (we had a 2 hour layover) despite landing on-time (de-boarded a few minutes late). I suggest avoiding the Toronto airport ALWAYS as every passenger must pick up his/her luggage even if you have a connecting flight, and then re-check the baggage with the next flight. Apparently the baggage handlers were on strike and some of the customs agents as well which added to the delays. Well, after going through Canadian customs and picking up our luggage (which took quite awhile) we arrived at the American Airlines ticketing kiosk about 45 minutes before our flight. The computer told us we were too late for this flight and to see a representative. We proceeded to wait in line for an American Airlines representative only to be told this was Aer Lingus' fault (we had just flown with them); even though we had a BA flight number.. After searching for an Aer Lingus representative we were finally told they were probably all on the Aer Lingus flight that was currently about to leave. An Aer Lingus representative was paged to the ticketing counter (took well over 30 minutes for anyone to show up) and what proceeded was an argument (for well over an hour) between British Airways and Aer Lingus representatives about whose responsibility it was to re-book us. After an hour at least of poor customer service, we were finally rebooked by British Airways on the last flight to LAX (on Air Canada). Moral of the story: avoid Toronto and fly direct." Pros: "Boarding was fast!" Cons: "The staff was not great! When I had just arrived to the gate, they had already called group 5 so I went up and presented my boarding pass and the crew made a facial expression of annoyance since group 5 was called and they were boarding group 7. When I entered the plane, one of the staff just looked at me twice without saying hello back. I said it twice and the same lady gave me a cold goodbye when I was leaving the plane. There was no entertainment!!!! Also, no plug to charge my phone that I had to wait to charge my phone after getting my bags to contact a taxi driver (Lyft)." Pros: "The flight was good crew members was nice and professional." Pros: "We did eventually reach our destination safe and sound" Cons: "In flight service on AA was very disappointing. This was a cross-country flight of 5 hours at the dinner hour. The plane was full [ as usual these days ] seat space was tight [ as usual these days ], but cabin service was practically invisible. The two stewards made one pass with the beverage cart, and that was it for the duration!! On a five hour flight!! When I went back for a beverage, the stewards were chatting at the rear compartment. This was the poorest American Airlines service that I have experienced in fifty years. I will avoid them in the future. Don" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 WestJet7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Minneapolis to Los Angeles found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/5Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 14h 47mMSP-LAX $40 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 11h 50mMSP-LAX $49 Search 12/18Mon nonstopSun Country Air 4h 16mMSP-LAX $68 Search 1/26Fri nonstopSun Country Air 4h 01mMSP-LAX $90 Search 5/22Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 8h 00mMSP-LAX $156 Search 4/13Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 9h 34mMSP-LAX $158 Search 1/24Wed nonstopDelta 4h 27mMSP-LAX $199 Search 1/27Sat 3 stopsUnited Airlines 18h 38mMSP-LAX $214 Search 12/21Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 18h 25mMSP-LAX $228 Search 12/23Sat nonstopDelta 4h 16mMSP-LAX $249 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesSun Country AirAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$50 or less$90 or less$160 or less$210 or less$250 or less Last minute flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 47mMSP-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 29mLAX-MSP $78 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 47mMSP-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 29mLAX-MSP $129 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSun Country Air 4h 05mMSP-LAX 1/10Wed nonstopSun Country Air 3h 39mLAX-MSP $183 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSun Country Air 4h 05mMSP-LAX 12/7Thu nonstopSun Country Air 3h 31mLAX-MSP $209 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 01mMSP-LAX 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 39mLAX-MSP $350 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 42mMSP-LAX 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 10h 12mLAX-MSP $354 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 58mMSP-LAX 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 49mLAX-MSP $494 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 32mMSP-LAX 12/7Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 25mLAX-MSP $549 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 4h 04mMSP-LAX 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 8h 55mLAX-MSP $1,168 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 4h 03mMSP-LAX 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 8h 52mLAX-MSP $3,809 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesSun Country AirAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$130 or less$210 or less$350 or less$550 or less$3,810 or less Minneapolis - Los Angeles Flights Departure: Minneapolis (MSP)United States Destination: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Los Angeles - Minneapolis Cabin classes: $1,055 First Class flights to Los Angeles $1,247 Business Class flights to Los Angeles $225 Prem Econ Class flights to Los Angeles $165 Economy Class flights to Los Angeles Browse origins: Flights » United States » Minnesota » Minneapolis $78Flights from Minneapolis to Los Angeles Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » Los Angeles $78Flights to Los Angeles, Los Angeles Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Tampa Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Los Angeles flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Los Angeles from Minneapolis. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Los Angeles from Minneapolis. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.