Cheap Flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor to Hawaii from $99 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Phoenix to Hawaii from $99 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/21. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Hawaii ...and more Latest Hawaii Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULARHonolulu From Phoenix Nonstop from $242 Search Flights Kahului From Phoenix Nonstop from $198 Search Flights Kailua-Kona From Phoenix Nonstop from $198 Search Flights Lihue From Phoenix Nonstop from $205 Search Flights Hilo From Phoenix 1 stop from $426 Search Flights Good to know Low season August High season October Cheapest flight $99 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 7% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 9% lower on average. Flight from Phoenix to Kahului FAQs - booking Hawaii flights Can I find direct flights from Phoenix to Hawaii? Many direct flights are traveling from Phoenix to Hawaii. The direct flights vary with the destination airport. The fastest nonstop flight from PHX lands at Kahului International Airport (OGG). If you are looking for budget-friendly nonstop flights, consider American Airlines flights traveling from PHX to OGG. The direct flights from Phoenix to Hawaii land at Honolulu International Airport (HNL), Kona Airport (KOA), or Kahului Airport (OGG). What are the layover cities convenient for flights from Phoenix to Hawaii? If you want layovers on your journey from Phoenix to Hawaii, there are various options you can choose from. The layover city for a flight depends on the airline you fly and the number of layovers the flights take. The common layover city for Hawaiian Airlines is HNL for flights traveling from PHX to KOA. Delta Air Lines, American, and United Airlines mainly stop in Los Angeles (LAX). Flights having two layovers mainly stop at Los Angeles, Honolulu, Kahului, or San Francisco. Which airline traveling from Phoenix to Hawaii offers eco-friendly travel? Flights traveling from Phoenix to Hawaii release about 2275 lbs of carbon for every flight passenger. When traveling the route, you can consider eco-friendly flights available. For the most eco-friendly travel, take flights by American Airlines, which emits about 38% less carbon on the route. The eco-friendliest flight traveling the route emits about 1413 lbs of carbon which is ideal for environmental sustainability. Which airport in Hawaii is connected to public transport? If you are looking to use public transit upon landing in Hawaii, consider flying into Oahu, which is home to a bus system with about 93 routes serving the entire island. The airport in Hawaii best connected to public transit is Daniel K. Inouye International Airport or Honolulu International Airport (HNL). The airport is served by bus routes 20 and 303. The bus stop is on the upper departure level. You can access the bus stop via the airport shuttles. You can also take a taxi at the center in front of the baggage claim areas. All the taxis operate on a meter. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Phoenix to Hawaii? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Phoenix to Hawaii. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Phoenix to Hawaii? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Hawaii from Phoenix is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Phoenix to Hawaii? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Hawaii with an airline and back to Phoenix with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Phoenix to Hawaii? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Hawaii from Phoenix up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Hawaii Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be June and July. The cheapest month to fly from Phoenix is December. Morning departure is around 6% cheaper than an evening flight, on average*. Phoenix International Airport (PHX) is the leading international airport in Phoenix. When traveling to Hawaii from Phoenix, consider PHX as your origin airport. The airport has two Terminals, 3 and 4. Terminal 4 is the largest and comprises concourses A, B, C, and D. you can use the covered walkway or PHX Sky Train to connect the two terminals. Expect long walks in the terminals. Hawaii has four main islands, the Big Island, Maui, Kauai, and Oahu Islands. When visiting Big Island, a popular tourist destination, consider flying into Ellison Onizuka Kona International Airport (KOA), the closest main airport on the island and a standard airport option for visitors flying into Hawaii. When visiting Hawaii on vacation, fly into Kona Airport (KOA), as it is the airport in Hawaii that is closest to the best beaches, is ideal for snorkeling, is the closest to the newest resorts, and has a vibrant nightlife. If you are heading east of Hawaii, take a flight from PHX to Hilo International Airport (ITO), as it is the international airport east of Hawaii. A flight from PHX to Kona International Airport is ideal when headed west of Hawaii. Passengers with special needs can access different services on airlines traveling from PHX to Hawaii. The airlines traveling the route provide wheelchairs and offer assisted services when needed. You can have at most two wheelchairs and other assistance devices onboard as checked bags. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Sky Harbor Intl to HawaiiNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Sky Harbor Intl to Hawaii? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29957 reviews 78entertainment 75food 85crew 81overall 78comfort 81boarding Airline reviews Cons: "The snacks were good, but they should have offered some drink selections."Read more about Delta Cons: "The snacks were good, but they should have offered some drink selections." Pros: "I appreciate the care Delta has for their passengers during this pandemic. From the seat spacing to the boarding process great measures were taken." Pros: "Everything was on time and ran smoothly. The seats have more room than most airlines. They were generous with drinks and snacks." Pros: "Very engaging crew." Cons: "Waiting 45 minutes, and 30 minutes after flight time for a few bags. They could have traveled on the next flight and arrived at almost the same time." Pros: "The airplane seats and entertainment were 150% bettter than American" Cons: "The check in area felt cramped, understaffed and like a 4th rate airline" Cons: "Small aircraft, 2 seats on each side of the aisle, but that’s what you get when you fly short legs now." Pros: "Pilot was super nice and informative when the flight was delayed." Pros: "Grateful Delta still has drink and snack service. Also grateful to still be able to bring a carry on on board. Good movie selections." Pros: "The flight was smooth and the crew was very professional" Cons: "Have wifi available" Pros: "The crew were good." Cons: "The flight was delayed taking off. The crew tried to make it up but it was 90 minutes late in the end - I almost missed a connection. Seats were ok." Cons: "Nothing--everything was great--perhaps the best service I've ever received." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Overall a horrible experience. Would never choose American Airlines given other choices. This was the second time this year I was held at an airport over 24 hrs due to plane maintenance." Cons: "I paid extra for an emergency exit seat. The seats in the row were visibly different from ones nearby -- the seat padding was gone (felt like I was sitting on a board) and the seat bottoms slanted down producing a feeling of sliding out of the seat." Pros: "4 flights and all of them in middle uncomfortable seats. I requested aisle seats many times and counter agents were unhelpful and rude." Cons: "Better seat options and more comfortable seats" Pros: "All the service was good" Cons: "I am handicapped and there was no attendance at the gate once I arrive in Honolulu, no wheelchair assist to help me to the baggage terminal." Cons: "No advanced seat assignments unless we paid $100 per person?! Recently flew Delta on same equipment (A321). Delta had in-seat entertainment & adjustable head rest" Pros: "The airline did a great job, it was the neighboring passengers that made it horrible." Pros: "Not much here. The seats were ok, but the rest of the flight the airline was just poor." Cons: "The airline is so outdated and behind the times of their competitors, their in that they don't have in flight entertainment unless you download their app and give them your email address. On top of that when I originally booked my flights, I had made sure to have 1.5 hr for a layover between my connecting flights. Well, they decided to move up my connector such that I had 25 minutes to run across 2 terminals. They only give you pretzels on the plane, and a single soda drink. They offer you "food bundles" but why do I want to pay $8 for a sandwich that costs $1 to make." Cons: "I had to stand on stairs while crew served drinks! Windy on stairs. Unacceptable! I felt like a second class customer!" Cons: "Upon boarding the aircraft, the attendant at the gate told me to check the size of my carryon bag against the test dimensions, which I did. My bag fit but I had to press the side in slightly to make it fit. She said it had to slide in without me pressing on it and proceeded to make me remove items from the bag in order to board the plane. I walked down the ramp with my extra pair of shoes and a book in my hands. As a result, I had to place my bag far from my seat due to the added time. My bag easily fit in the overhead compartment with room to spare and my being made an example was a completely pointless exercise." Pros: "The crew was friendly but because of 5 flight delays we missed our connections in Amsterdam and got stuck in Houston for the night." Cons: "The crew was friendly but because of 5 flight delays we missed our connection to Amsterdam and got stuck in Houston for the night. Because of this we were forced to pay for a hotel in Houston. I believe that we should have received some type of voucher for the huge inconvenience and waste of money" Pros: "Upgrade to First Class" Cons: "Offer breakfast, for a flight that's longer than five hours and arriving at 10 AM you should offer breakfast at least to first class passengers." Pros: "Safe landing, that’s all that matters." Cons: "The entrances by groups. I get it, I just don’t care for it." Pros: "Baggage was delivered to the carousel before passenger could get there. No waiting! Well done!" Pros: "Had a great flight, first class . Michael Collins I believe was the name of my attendant and was fantastic, and flight was unbelievably smooth" Cons: "Couldn't sleep" Pros: "The staff were very attentive to passengers and courteous." Cons: "Nothing they did a Great job and keep a safe and exciting flight." Pros: "I liked the fact that we had receptacles to plug in, that was such a huge plus. The crew was nice, the plane boarded, pretty quick." Cons: "The windows, I know it's a complete design issue, but if the windows were bigger, or really if they were a little higher," Cons: "I don't think I will be choosing to fly with United going forward. The staff at the desks were rude and very short. I had a layover in Chicago and did not receive any notification that my flight was cancelled due to maintenance. I went to each desk to try and find an associate and no one was available to help the several individuals wondering how to get switched to a new flight. All of us were just given a phone number to call. Once I found someone thy told me that there was no seats available on any of the flights. They found one seat on a plane that was going to laguardia instead of my destination of Newark and then proceeded to tell me that my bags will still go to Newark and it was my job to make sure I filed to get them. (Same thing happened the last time I flew with United) I'm very disappointed all together with how I was treated as a customer." Cons: "Missed connection in sfo. Had to stay overnight in sfo." Cons: "The flight was delayed for 30 minutes because they couldn't find the flight attendant. The seats were extremely close to each other. And I'm not a very tall and my knees were touching the front of the dead." Cons: "The plane was delayed 4 hours, they charged me $40 for a carry on. This is a bad airline" Cons: "I was bumped from the flight I booked 3 weeks in advance because they over booked, and frontier made me pay 120$ to catch the next flight which was not nonstop, and added an 8 hour layover" Pros: "The crew was awesome. Very friendly and helpful throughout the flight." Cons: "WiFi would have been nice, but that’s a small concern. I’m not sure about those “tiny” trays in our zone. They say they’re lighter, but they’re made of a heavier metal than the usual plastic, so.... I guess it saves some space." Pros: "Ok time" Cons: "Frontier charges for absolutely everything, and the chairs are very uncomfortable, they have hardly any padding and don’t recline" Pros: "Crew was very nice" Cons: "Better off paying more upfront with any other airline. As tickets will end up being same by the time you finish paying for luggage and your seat. Not worth the hassle and discomfort" Pros: "Everything else was fine." Cons: "The flight was delayed 30 mins prior to boarding for 6 hours. They were missing a part that needed to be ordered. What I don't understand is why they couldn't have emailed everyone to notify us so we weren't stuck in the airport for 6 hours." Pros: "I liked that the staff was friendly and the tickets were affordable" Cons: "I didn’t like that there was no complimentary food or beverage options." Pros: "We appreciated the cheap airline ticket prices." Cons: "We were outraged by having to pay $45 for each piece of luggage, including carry ons! After these hidden fees, our tickets would have been cheaper for a well established and popular airline." Pros: "It didn't crash" Cons: "The whole staff from the check in to the attendants was rude rude rude. Never again!" Cons: "Maintenance issues caused a 4 hour delay. Seats were the worst I've ever sat in. Would advise against flying with Frontier." Cons: "They could have communicated 100 times better after the flight was turned around in-flight and they held us captive at the gate for three hours and then delayed the flight for twelve hours." Pros: "The flight attendants were really nice, funny, and attentive. They were great." Cons: "I think it is insane that the overweight charge is double. The baggage fees are insanely expensive and the seats are so close together on the plane you feel like you are sitting in each others lap. Considering how many passengers they have on the plane and how much money they make show how horrible the baggage fees are because clearly they are making profit. Also, you can't even get water without paying for it. Everything here costs, this is why I will continue to fly with Southwest and I will never fly with this airline again." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "We arrived at the airport 2 hours before flight time, got ready to check our bag only to be told our flight to Phoenix had been cancelled and there was no replacement flight available until Friday - this was on Monday. No assistance to get us on another airline, just no customer service. We found another flight which cost double our fare and waited 12 hours in the airport— they didn’t even offer to buy us breakfast." Cons: "Plane was super late and hardly had any food for sale. Also bumpy." Pros: "The flight crew was very friendly. The plane looked like new and was clean." Cons: "The seating was a bit cramped, the little kids behind me were kicking the seat the whole trip, and all snacks and beverages were purchase only." Pros: "Boarded the aircraft quickly and left on time." Cons: "Airplane reeked of vomit and vinegar. Seats were dirty and you have to pay for water." Pros: "The crew inflight was kind and attentive." Cons: "The carry on rules were confusing. I stuffed everything into a small bag which made my trip extremely uncomfortable as I had a lay over in another airport. Upon arriving to the airport I saw people with backpacks which passed as personal bags, thus not having to pay the carry on fee. I wish I'd known that. I will never fly spirit airlines again." Pros: "Hard to name" Cons: "almost everything. Very uncomfortable seats! Especially, was shocked by not giving me even water during long flight unless I pay money" Pros: "The passengers around us were friendly." Cons: "There wasn't enough leg room. Every time we turned around we were charged extra. Our just under $400.00 dollar flights ended up costing us just under $700.00 by the time we were done compared a different airline we were going to take. Someone suggested to take Spirit because they were less. The other airline flight would have cost us a little over $500.00 total. that is a huge difference and we would have had bigger seats and leg room and NO charge for water. All the people around us were complaining about all the charges even saying we will probably get charged to get off the plane." Cons: "It is impossible to pay for bags at booking at the lower rate. Couldn't get on line payments to work. But they kept trying to get money- for seats, for better boarding, for insurance- it never ended!!! Had to call. They wanted to charge me $100 for 2 bags since they helped me. Supervisor did nothing. Told me I should have booked directly with Spirit to pay for bags at lowest rate. So why do they offer themselves to search engines like Kayak? It all amounts to hidden costs and terrible service. Flight was delayed understandably because of weather in Denver. BUT, since the only way to make our connection was not to get our luggage, they refused to get our luggage on another flight on our connecting airline. Said we'd have to figure it out with Fed Ex. No solutions or help offered. I will never fly Spirit again." Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Phoenix to Hawaii Recent one-way flight deals 1/21Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 54mPHX-OGG $99 Search 1/17Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 35mPHX-KOA $99 Search 2/9Fri 2 stops 27h 06mPHX-HNL $123 Search 1/17Wed 2 stops 23h 46mPHX-KOA $123 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 9h 29mPHX-LIH $135 Search 1/19Fri 1 stopDelta 15h 42mPHX-KOA $140 Search 2/3Sat 1 stopDelta 11h 17mPHX-LIH $140 Search 1/16Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 9h 16mPHX-KOA $158 Search 5/15Wed 1 stopAlaska Airlines 21h 06mPHX-OGG $190 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopAlaska Airlines 12h 57mPHX-KOA $219 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDeltaAlaska Airlines Search by price$100 or less$120 or less$140 or less$160 or less$220 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 2/6Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 54mPHX-OGG 2/10Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 41mOGG-PHX $198 Search 2/1Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 35mPHX-KOA 2/5Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 52mKOA-PHX $198 Search 2/1Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 9h 16mPHX-KOA 2/5Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 10h 50mKOA-PHX $227 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 9h 33mPHX-KOA 1/18Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 10h 50mKOA-PHX $232 Search 2/7Wed 1 stop 9h 27mPHX-OGG 2/12Mon 1 stop 20h 48mOGG-PHX $241 Search 2/6Tue nonstop 6h 50mPHX-HNL 2/12Mon 2 stops 23h 13mHNL-PHX $242 Search 1/19Fri 1 stopDelta 11h 23mPHX-HNL 1/25Thu 1 stopDelta 14h 43mHNL-PHX $280 Search 2/7Wed 1 stopDelta 14h 59mPHX-OGG 2/13Tue 1 stopDelta 10h 42mOGG-PHX $280 Search 2/9Fri 1 stopAlaska Airlines 12h 20mPHX-HNL 2/9Fri 1 stopAlaska Airlines 16h 06mHNL-PHX $336 Search 1/19Fri 1 stopAlaska Airlines 14h 37mPHX-KOA 1/22Mon 1 stopAlaska Airlines 9h 37mKOA-PHX $342 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDeltaAlaska Airlines Search by price$200 or less$230 or less$240 or less$280 or less$340 or less Last minute flights from Sky Harbor Intl to Hawaii Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/5Tue multi-stop 23h 06mPHX-OGG 12/12Tue multi-stop 23h 01mOGG-PHX $376 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 43mPHX-HNL 12/18Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 10h 25mHNL-PHX $402 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 14h 15mPHX-HNL 12/18Mon multi-stopDelta 8h 59mHNL-PHX $411 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAlaska Airlines 31h 31mPHX-KOA 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 11h 14mKOA-PHX $441 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 15h 47mPHX-HNL 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 22h 02mHNL-PHX $456 Search 12/1Fri nonstopHawaiian Airlines 6h 45mPHX-HNL 12/5Tue nonstopHawaiian Airlines 5h 55mHNL-PHX $461 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 14h 15mPHX-HNL 12/8Fri multi-stopDelta 15h 12mHNL-PHX $472 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 8h 53mPHX-LIH 12/5Tue multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 9h 50mLIH-PHX $475 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 50mPHX-HNL 12/18Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 10h 21mHNL-PHX $516 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 18h 45mPHX-HNL 12/18Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 10h 21mHNL-PHX $581 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAmerican AirlinesDeltaAlaska AirlinesHawaiian AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$400 or less$440 or less$460 or less$480 or less$580 or less Phoenix - Hawaii Flights Departure: Phoenix (PHX)United States Return flight deals: Hawaii - Phoenix Cabin classes: $1,309 First Class flights to Hawaii $949 Business Class flights to Hawaii $898 Prem Econ Class flights to Hawaii $181 Economy Class flights to Hawaii Browse origins: Flights » United States » Arizona » Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport $239Flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Hawaii Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Hawaii $838Flights to Hana, Hawaii $426Flights to Hilo, Hawaii $242Flights to Honolulu, Hawaii $578Flights to Hoolehua, Hawaii $239Flights to Kahului, Hawaii $242Flights to Kailua, Hawaii $239Flights to Kailua-Kona, Hawaii $764Flights to Kapalua, Hawaii $252Flights to Kaua'i, Hawaii $986Flights to Lanai City, Hawaii $252Flights to Lihue, Hawaii $239Flights to Maui, Hawaii $242Flights to O'ahu, Hawaii $239Flights to The Big Island, Hawaii $645Flights to Waimea (Kamuela), Hawaii View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Honolulu Flights to Minneapolis Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Hawaii flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Hawaii from Phoenix. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Hawaii from Phoenix. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.