Cheap Flights from Baltimore to Boston from $57 | (BWI - BOS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW BWI - BOS Find cheap flights from Baltimore to Boston from $57 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/8. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Boston These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Baltimore to Boston, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Baltimore to Boston, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Baltimore to Boston?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Baltimore to Boston that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:58 am - 7:17 pmBWI-BOS 8h 19m1 stop 9:10 am - 10:45 amBOS-BWI 1h 35mnonstop $97 Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Thu, Jan 11 5:30 am - 2:44 pmBWI-BOS 9h 14m1 stop 6:05 pm - 7:56 pmBOS-BWI 1h 51mnonstop $117 Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 8:31 pm - 10:02 pmBWI-BOS 1h 31mnonstop 6:05 pm - 7:56 pmBOS-BWI 1h 51mnonstop $118JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Tue, Jan 16 6:00 am - 11:59 amBWI-BOS 5h 59m1 stop 10:15 am - 12:01 pmBOS-BWI 1h 46mnonstop $128Delta Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Mon, Jan 15 6:08 pm - 7:35 pmBWI-BOS 1h 27mnonstop 9:10 am - 10:45 amBOS-BWI 1h 35mnonstop $134JetBlue Find Deal Sat, Dec 9 - Sat, Feb 10 8:55 am - 6:51 pmBWI-BOS 9h 56m1 stop 4:45 pm - 1:45 amBOS-BWI 9h 00m1 stop $137Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sun, Dec 17 6:47 pm - 11:49 amBWI-BOS 17h 02m1 stop 3:39 pm - 10:43 pmBOS-BWI 7h 04m1 stop $138Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Sat, Dec 16 12:23 pm - 5:35 pmBWI-BOS 5h 12m1 stop 5:00 pm - 10:31 pmBOS-BWI 5h 31m1 stop $154American Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Wed, Jan 17 5:00 am - 9:38 amBWI-BOS 4h 38m1 stop 5:00 pm - 10:31 pmBOS-BWI 5h 31m1 stop $164American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Dec 9 - Sat, Feb 10 7:00 am - 8:36 amBWI-BOS 1h 36mnonstop 5:50 pm - 10:02 pmBOS-BWI 4h 12m1 stop $203Delta Find Deal Wed, Dec 6 - Mon, Dec 11 Show more results Flights from Baltimore to Boston - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Baltimore to Boston to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Baltimore to Boston? The average price of all flights from Baltimore to Boston clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Baltimore to Boston, you should consider leaving on a Wednesday and avoid Sundays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Baltimore, you’ll find the best rates on Tuesdays and the most expensive ones on Fridays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Baltimore to Boston? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Baltimore to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Baltimore to Boston is February, where tickets cost $178 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are April and June, where the average cost of tickets is $248 and $234 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Baltimore to Boston? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Baltimore to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Baltimore to Boston, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Baltimore to Boston? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Baltimore to Boston found on KAYAK was with Frontier for $57. JetBlue proposed a round-trip connection from $118 and Delta from $128. Which airlines fly most frequently between Baltimore and Boston? Southwest connects Baltimore to Boston up to 6 flights per day, followed by Delta (2 flights per day), and JetBlue (one flight per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Baltimore and Boston? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Baltimore to Boston. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Baltimore to Boston. They are: Delta, JetBlue and Southwest. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with JetBlue at $69 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at JetBlue. How many flights are there between Baltimore and Boston per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 14 nonstop flights that take off from Baltimore and land in Boston, with an average flight time of 1h 28m. The most common departure time is 9:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 69 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Baltimore and Boston? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are First and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Baltimore to Boston take? Nonstop flights from Baltimore generally make it to Boston in 1h 24m. The flying distance between the two cities is 369 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Baltimore to Boston? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Baltimore at 6:25 am and will be landing in Boston at 8:05 am. What’s the latest departure time from Baltimore to Boston? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Baltimore to Boston jets off at 10:55 pm and lands at 12:20 am. Good to know Low season January High season October Cheapest flight $57 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 2% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 14% lower on average. Flight from Baltimore to Boston When to book flights from Baltimore to Boston Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Baltimore to Boston based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Baltimore to Boston How accessible are BWI and BOS airports to Persons with Reduced Mobility (PRMs)? If you plan to connect from Baltimore to Boston as a PRM, please note that BWI and BOS airports are fully accessible to PRMs. Both airports offer several PRM-friendly amenities. Key among these amenities is; tactile strips for visually-impaired travelers, handicapped parking slots and services, TTY Phones in each of their terminals, complimentary wheelchair service, and free Special Assistance Desks in the terminals. What pet-friendly amenities can I access at Baltimore/Washington International Airport (BWI)? Pet lovers who intend to connect from BWI to BOS can benefit from BWI’s pet-friendly amenities. These amenities include Pet Relief Companion Care Program for travelers needing assistance with their furry friends, Service Animal Relief Areas located within the terminal buildings, and the designated outdoor pet relief areas outside the terminal buildings. Does BWI have onsite hotels for travelers who intend to stay the night on the airport premises? Travelers who intend to catch up with their morning flights from BWI and BOS can consider spending their night in the onsite Minute Suites. In the airside hotel, you will stay within a 3-minute walk from your departure terminal. What is the easiest way to connect from downtown to Baltimore/Washington International Airport (BWI)? To connect from downtown Baltimore to BWI airport for your flight to BOS, you can consider taking a taxi, shuttle bus, or train. The Baltimore Light Rail and the MARC train are arguably the most convenient and cheaper transport options that take about 15 minutes to reach BWI. Taxis offer faster options but are slightly more expensive than buses and trains. Which other cities can I visit near Boston Logan International Airport (BOS)? Besides acting as the entry point to Boston, BOS is also the destination for travelers who visit other nearby cities and towns such as Cambridge, Salem, Cape Cod, Providence, and Newport. From BOS, you can easily connect to these cities via car rental or public transport such as buses and taxis. Are there car rentals at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS)? Yes, BOS has several car rental agencies that can be accessed at the Rental Car Center. Among these agencies are Alamo, Thrifty, and Budget. The car rental center is accessible by a free shuttle bus in about 8 minutes from the terminals. What services are there if I’m traveling with children from Baltimore Airport? There are baby care facilities located at gates A6, B2, C7, and D2, and children’s play areas located near Gate D11 as well as an Observation Gallery just before the Concourse B security checkpoint. Does Baltimore Airport have airport lounges? The Club BWI is available to all passengers by paying the day fee at the door. It is located in Concourse D, near gate D10. In addition, the USO Lounge is free of charge for active members of the US military and their families. It is located in the International Pier beside the Baggage Claim. Can I get to downtown Boston from the airport by public transportation? Yes, Boston airport is well-connected to downtown Boston. There is a free shuttle bus that will take you from the airport terminal to catch the Silver Line to the South Station. Are there nonstop flights between Baltimore and Boston? Unfortunately, there are no nonstop flights between Baltimore and Boston. Most flight operators like Delta, Spirit Airlines, and Boutique Air have at least one stop. Common layovers along this route include Myrtle Beach Metropolitan Area, Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County, Fort Lauderdale, Massena Richards Field, and Orlando. Do I need a passport to fly between Baltimore and Boston? A passport is not required to fly from Baltimore to Boston. Which airports will I be using when flying from Baltimore to Boston? Baltimore airport is called Baltimore/Washington and the only airport in Boston is Boston Logan Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Baltimore to Boston? American Airlines, JetBlue, Delta, Spirit Airlines, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Baltimore to Boston flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Baltimore to Boston? The Embraer 190 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Baltimore to Boston flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Baltimore to Boston? SkyTeam, oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Baltimore and Boston, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Baltimore to Boston? There are nonstop flights from Baltimore to Boston on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Baltimore to Boston, Southwest or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Baltimore to Boston are Southwest and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $393 and an overall rating of 8.4, Southwest is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $188 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Baltimore to Boston? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Baltimore to Boston. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Baltimore to Boston? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Boston from Baltimore is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Baltimore to Boston? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Boston with an airline and back to Baltimore with another airline. Booking your flights between Baltimore and BOS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Baltimore to Boston? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Boston from Baltimore up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from BWI to Boston Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $79 or less one-way and $118 or less round-trip. Despite the presence of other international airports - such as Reagan Washington (DCA), which is located about 38 miles away - most travelers connecting from Baltimore to Boston would consider Baltimore/Washington International Airport (BWI) as their departure airport. Besides its proximity to downtown, the airport offers arguably the highest number of daily flights from BWI to Boston Logan International Airport (BOS). BOS has several business lounges for business travelers who may need to attend emerging business meetings during their long layovers. Among these lounges is The Lounge, located in Terminal C’s airside, next to Gate C19. To access The Lounge, you need a prepaid lounge pass or pay at the door. One of the easiest and probably the most friendly way of spending your long layover at BOS is to consider the spotting activities at the observation decks. At BOS, the observation decks are accessed at Castle Island in South Boston across the harbor and the Pleasure Bay across Dorchester Bay. The Baltimore Airport is also known for its state-of-the-art airport security features, so you don’t need to worry about running late because of long security lines. The Baltimore Airport has five concourses (A-E) and Concourse A and B have the largest variety of dining options. There is a 24-hour restaurant at the McDonald’s near gate A2 in case you have a late-night flight. The Baltimore Airport services feature a full gym called Roam Fitness which you can pay per day as well as complimentary use of the showers. The gym is located along with the Concourse D and E connector. If you want to work out outdoors, there is also an outdoor trail that loops the airport. In addition to these services, there are also the typical options to keep you comfortable including 45 minutes of free Wi-Fi, ATMs, and Duty-Free shopping in the Concourse B and C connector. If you still have time to spare check out the Observation Gallery or the meditation rooms between Concourses D and E. Massport is the name locals have given the Boston Logan International Airport. One of the biggest airports on the East Coast, the airport is divided amongst four passenger terminals (A, B, C, and E) with free ground transportation connecting them. Logan airport also has two on-site hotels, the Hilton Boston Logan Airport and the Hyatt Regency Harborside, which have complimentary shuttles between the hotel and the airport as well as complimentary shuttles to the water taxi and subway station to get into the city center of Boston. If you’re getting picked up upon arrival there are designated curbside pick-up locations at the arrivals level of each terminal, short-term parking lots in Central, Terminal B, and E, as well as a cell phone lot where family and friends can wait. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Baltimore/Washington to Boston Logan Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Baltimore/Washington to Logan Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Baltimore/Washington to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +9 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Aer Lingus, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +9 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +10 more 8 9 Friday Aer Lingus, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Aer Lingus, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Aer Lingus, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +9 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +10 more 8 9 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Boston Logan Intl to Baltimore/Washington Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +5 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +6 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +7 more 5 6 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +5 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Thursday Aer Lingus, Delta, EL AL, +6 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +7 more 5 6 Friday Aer Lingus, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +5 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Saturday Aer Lingus, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +4 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Aer Lingus, Delta, EL AL, +6 more Aer Lingus, Delta, +7 more 5 6 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Baltimore to Boston See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Baltimore to Boston. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Baltimore to Boston? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14219 reviews 80entertainment 86overall 87boarding 84comfort 90crew 78food Airline reviews Pros: "On time, effeciently boarded, clean" Cons: "Serve drinks a little sooner in flight. Descent started right after serve" Pros: "On time, effeciently boarded, clean" Cons: "Serve drinks a little sooner in flight. Descent started right after serve" Cons: "The shade on the window was broken so I couldn't closer it." Cons: "Luggage boarding and de boarding was longer than the flight. Very frustrating." Cons: "Flight wasn't crowded so could spread out for flight and not sit next to anyone." Pros: "The flight was quickly done with very direct routing once we were airborne." Cons: "Our late-night summer flight out of Baltimore was delayed by lightning, which delayed baggage loading until the storm passed. Crew announcements were OK. The flight was without food due to minor turbulence and short length of flight." Pros: "We had some turbulence for much of the flight, that the pilot was unable to avoid. Also, there was a short delay to check for aircraft damage due to a bird strike during landing at Baltimore. Flight was cleared and left, arriving a bit late in San Diego. Good job handling the situations." Pros: "Great service and crew" Cons: "WiFi was down which made the long flight painful with kids." Cons: "The WiFi on the plane was not working and that made it difficult to keep my 4 year old son sitting still" Cons: "Flight delayed And wrong message of boarding when flight was delayed" Cons: "The wheelchair assistant made me and my wife remove our medications from our carry-on bags, this was an unnecessary inconvenience. When we arrived at the gate I gave him a US$2.00, which I believed was fair, but he wanted more money. Lousy wheelchair service." Pros: "Crew friendly it's my son favorite" Cons: "Seat selection and little needs comfortable for young kids with mothers" Pros: "Staff were helpful, pleasant, and attentive. Really appreciated that due to the length of my layover in Doha, I was given a hotel room - which I hadn't asked for, and which Qatar Airlines personnel told me I might be able to get, and then arranged or me. That's excellent service!" Cons: "I wish NO ONE's seat tipped back - space is already tight, and if everyone just stayed in their own space rather than tipping seats aback, everyone would have more room! Once the person in front has leaned their seat back, it's impossible to really use the tray, which is pretty frustrating." Pros: "Crew was amazing." Cons: "I had a problem with the seat cushion. Not comfy enough." Cons: "I had a carry on plus a laptop bag. On the website they say you are allowed to carry a personal item such as handbag or a laptop bag along with the carry on piece. This guy at Nagpur airport says the weight of both these combined should be under 15 lbs. are you kidding me?" Pros: "I think that my review and comments about the first portion of the flight apply equally to the second portion of the flight. Despite my criticism of the food, the flight attendant service was above expectations." Cons: "The food. Hire a chef that knows how to make the food palatable." Cons: "just did not like the baggage policy for carry on" Pros: "The crew was FANTASTIC!! SO kind and helpful, and went out of their way the whole flight to assist us with anything and everything we needed! :)" Pros: "Food was good and staff was friendly." Cons: "Had to wait 3 hrs because of a system malfunction. And had a screaming toddler behind me the entire 13 hr ride. The headrest on the seats are very uncomfortable." Pros: "Flight crew was very helpful. I didn't have any special requests, but I noticed them being extremely helpful to other passengers. Much better than US based airlines, as most others are." Cons: "Extra security going to USA is a nuisance. Food was ok, not as good as previous trips. Lamb was only selection left when they got to my seat. Not my favorite also very fatty." Cons: "They claimed they have free WiFi, but this is not true. Passengers has to pay if they want access to WiFi. Uncomfortable sitting and you cannot adjust it to a comfortable level. Crew keeps demanding sit need to be upright." Pros: "Jet blue flights seem generally good. Like the WiFi access to be Able to use flight time efficiently." Pros: "Seats were the most uncomfortable seats. There was no give in the seats and they didn't move at all. The armrests went up but jutted out like daggers. So, if you tried to stretch out it was impossible. I felt like a homeless person who wasn't supposed to lay on a bench." Cons: "Better seats." Pros: "The available movies were pretty good." Cons: "The crew member serving the food was way too slow." Cons: "Flight was 3 1/2 hours delayed. In-flight entertainment system didn’t function. They didn’t perform a beverage/snack service. Very poor overall. Disappointing." Cons: "Our flight was delayed 4 times. We then sat on the runway for an extra 45 minutes because someone’s tv did not work. We missed our set transportation which was already rescheduled 4 times and had to pay $150 Uber to get home" Cons: "The TVs were unavailable on both trips. Not a deal brraker but less then ideal. Otherwise, excellent service." Cons: "They had to reset entertainment sets 3 times before they started working. This happens regularly on the SFO to BOS jetblue flight." Cons: "We had a delay of 3 hrs which kept us waiting in the middle of the night" Cons: "If I’d known I was getting a seat that didn’t recline I would have made another seat choice." Pros: "Ample leg room, even in coach! Clean plane. Courteous staff. Loved ot!" Cons: "Loved it all" Pros: "Nice plane, good service and pilots, great landing - no issues at all." Cons: "Flight attendant in First class was visibly frustrated and unfriendly. He was not helping with my simple request for a blanket. Also, the were no food service in first class." Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Cons: "Flight was 1,5 hr delayed, which almost caused me to miss my connecting flight" Cons: "Wheelchair shortage on arrival, although I had one reserved. Waited for a while then walked. Not ideal. Very long wait for bus to rental car center." Cons: "We thought we were flying AirFrance as our emails came from them and were surprised to learn after waiting in the AirFrance baggage drop queue for 30 mins that we were in the wrong place." Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Pros: "Food available was good." Cons: "Very tight space- could not reach floor when person in front of me moved seat into recline position. Could not get out of seat to go to bathroom when my seat mates were sleeping. Tough to load- tight spaces." Cons: "After a grueling 14 hour flight back to the states from Asia, got notification that my Delta flight was further delayed an additional 3.5 hrs from the layover of 2hrs, so I was at the airport for a good part of the day and did not get home till midnight. Altogether 24+ hrs of no real sleep. To add insult to injury, a Delta representative called and apologized, offering a $100 voucher or gift certificate. Raised expectation that they might actually do the right thing. I then received a Delta email that says "Your day just got better", except there was nothing but ads and enter to bid for things. Overall bad experience when I really needed them to get me home on time." Pros: "Nothing really." Cons: "Arrived at airport at 08:00a for 09:10a flight. Delay for weather, then crew rest, then cancelled ~6 hours later. All while sitting in the airport like a dope. Put on a flight with overnight in LGA, but they could not tell us if a voucher would be provided. Usual story since the govt does not mandate the airlines do better. Was not advised to try standby on other later flights, which worked. Finally landing in BOS, we sat for 45+ min waiting for a third person to flag the plan to the gate. Understand why, but really annoying after such a long day full of delays. Felt many areas could have been handled better. Each person individually tried, but in aggregate it was a mess." Cons: "Lots of delays and sometimes confusing communications from the airlines about departure times." Pros: "The flight was crowded, but what can you expect? Turbulence prevented beverage service. The flight arrived early but had to wait to land." Cons: "inflight entertainment wasn't working on my seat only which made my 6 hour flight seem even longer :(" Pros: "Wi-Fi was great. Watched two movies. Flight was on time and painless" Cons: "Only complimentary snack was pretzels and only a cup of water." Pros: "Despite getting no updates, our flight itinerary was changed from a 3.30pm flight to a 9.20pm flight. Unfortunately this was after landing from Milan at 1.30 with two small children so we had already had a very long day. We absolutely never would have booked this flight itinerary had we known of the change." Cons: "I am beyond stunned that our flight itinerary was changed from 3.30pm to 9.20pm with no notification. This is absolutely unreasonable and inexcusable made even worse that we had already had a very long journey from Milan to JFK with two small children. Evidently the issue was that we booked via a 3rd party off the kayak site and not directly with British airways. When American airways changed the flight from 3.30 to 3.25, the 3rd party company failed to file for our updated itinerary so British air/American air bumped us to the next flight at 9.20pm. We have long been loyal to kayak feeling it provides the best breadth of options and good pricing. Now we may use kayak to see all the options but I can’t booking directly with kayak anymore after this complete disaster. We ended up renting a car and driving from jfk to Boston, getting home 23 hours after our journey had started, stressed, beyond exhausted and now have to return the rental car. Thanks kayak." Cons: "We flew from Rome to JFK and arrived at 12:40 pm only to find out that our 3:30 pm flight had been cancelled a long time ago. No one had notified us of our new booking on a 9:10 flight to Boston. No one at American or British Airways could provide us with an earlier departure or compensate us to take alternative transportation. Our 9:10 flight was then delayed until 10:50 pm. We arrived in Boston at 12:02 am, 11 1/2 hours after our arrival at JFK from Rome. This was not a very friendly welcome home. We never would have booked such an extended delay as we only live 4 hours from New York City." Pros: "One was great and one was not helpful and was condescending" Pros: "One of the flight attendants was nice." Cons: "AA is now trying to save money (presumably) by doing like Delta: forcing half of us to connect in Charlotte. Unfortunately, the Charlotte airport is not ready to accommodate so many people. The airport looks like it is being renovated, which is fine, but there is no tape/cones to mark off the renovated areas from the walkways. You literally walk through dirt and construction sites. I didn't even think that was legal in the US?! Anyway, maybe it will be worth it once the renovations are complete, especially if AA is going to use it as a hub." Pros: "Boarding was fast and smooth. The flight was great, seat was comfortable." Pros: "Staff was polite and friendly. It was a great experience!" Southwest8.4 Qatar Airways8.2 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Baltimore to Boston Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Baltimore to Boston found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/8Mon 1 stopFrontier 14h 30mBWI-BOS $57 Search 2/25Sun nonstopJetBlue 1h 23mBWI-BOS $59 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 10mBWI-BOS $71 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 9h 56mBWI-BOS $73 Search 12/7Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 15mBWI-BOS $87 Search 12/24Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 42mBWI-BOS $102 Search 12/8Fri nonstopDelta 1h 34mBWI-BOS $114 Search 12/8Fri 1 stopDelta 6h 10mBWI-BOS $122 Search 2/4Sun 2 stopsUnited Airlines 15h 09mBWI-BOS $236 Search 1/21Sun 2 stopsUnited Airlines 15h 09mBWI-BOS $308 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierJetBlueSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$60 or less$70 or less$100 or less$120 or less$310 or less Last minute flights from Baltimore to Boston Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Baltimore to Boston that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 1h 25mBWI-BOS 12/9Sat nonstopJetBlue 1h 33mBOS-BWI $150 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 35mBWI-BOS 12/8Fri multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 10mBOS-BWI $177 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 9h 56mBWI-BOS 12/12Tue nonstop 1h 37mBOS-BWI $185 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 8h 24mBWI-BOS 12/7Thu multi-stop 6h 34mBOS-BWI $191 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSouthwest 1h 30mBWI-BOS 12/8Fri nonstopSouthwest 1h 40mBOS-BWI $235 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 1h 31mBWI-BOS 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 1h 45mBOS-BWI $238 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 4h 04mBWI-BOS 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 1h 45mBOS-BWI $248 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 03mBWI-BOS 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 45mBOS-BWI $254 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 53mBWI-BOS 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 45mBOS-BWI $255 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSouthwest 1h 25mBWI-BOS 12/7Thu multi-stopSouthwest 15h 25mBOS-BWI $529 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineJetBlueSpirit AirlinesSouthwestDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$180 or less$190 or less$240 or less$250 or less$530 or less Baltimore - Boston Flights Departure: Baltimore (BWI)United States Destination: Boston (BOS)United States Return flight deals: Boston - Baltimore Cabin classes: First Class flights to Boston Business Class flights to Boston $377 Prem Econ Class flights to Boston $59 Economy Class flights to Boston Browse origins: Flights » United States » Maryland » Baltimore $117Flights from Baltimore to Boston Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $117Flights to Boston, Boston Compare transportation modes for Baltimore to Boston Average price Average duration Flights $186 1h 24m Trains $118 7h 41m Buses $137 8h 23m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Boston flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Boston from Baltimore. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Boston from Baltimore. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.