Cheap Flights from San Diego to Seattle from $33 | (SAN - SEA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SAN - SEA Find cheap flights from San Diego to Seattle from $33 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/30. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Seattle These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Diego to Seattle. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Diego to Seattle. How much is the cheapest flight from San Diego to Seattle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Diego to Seattle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:35 pm - 8:52 amSAN-SEA 13h 17m1 stop 10:00 pm - 11:42 amSEA-SAN 13h 42m1 stop $66Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 8:10 pm - 9:58 amSAN-SEA 13h 48m1 stop 10:00 pm - 11:42 amSEA-SAN 13h 42m1 stop $70Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Wed, Jan 10 1:25 pm - 8:14 pmSAN-SEA 6h 49m1 stop 4:51 pm - 11:59 pmSEA-SAN 7h 08m1 stop $78Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Wed, Feb 7 6:25 am - 3:59 pmSAN-SEA 9h 34m1 stop 9:03 am - 6:12 pmSEA-SAN 9h 09m1 stop $79Frontier Find Deal Sat, Feb 10 - Wed, Feb 21 3:12 pm - 4:05 pmSAN-SEA 24h 53m1 stop 10:18 pm - 11:46 amSEA-SAN 13h 28m1 stop $83 Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 8:10 pm - 9:58 amSAN-SEA 13h 48m1 stop 8:04 pm - 11:59 pmSEA-SAN 27h 55m1 stop $87 Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Fri, Jan 12 1:35 pm - 4:49 pmSAN-SEA 3h 14mnonstop 3:15 pm - 5:59 pmSEA-SAN 2h 44mnonstop $118Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Tue, Feb 6 1:35 pm - 4:49 pmSAN-SEA 3h 14mnonstop 9:45 am - 12:40 pmSEA-SAN 2h 55mnonstop $128Delta Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Tue, Feb 6 4:25 pm - 11:36 pmSAN-SEA 7h 11m1 stop 6:45 pm - 9:27 pmSEA-SAN 2h 42mnonstop $138Alaska Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Sat, Feb 10 8:00 am - 11:10 amSAN-SEA 3h 10mnonstop 7:55 pm - 10:40 pmSEA-SAN 2h 45mnonstop $146Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Tue, Feb 20 Show more results Flights from San Diego to Seattle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Diego to Seattle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Diego to Seattle? The average price of all flights from San Diego to Seattle clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For San Diego to Seattle, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Sunday is the most expensive. Flying from Seattle back to San Diego, the best deals are generally found on Wednesday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Diego to Seattle? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Diego to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Diego to Seattle is January, where tickets cost $168 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and December, where the average cost of tickets is $278 and $277 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Diego to Seattle? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Diego to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Diego to Seattle, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 50 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Diego to Seattle? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Spirit Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $33. KAYAK users also found San Diego to Seattle round-trip flights on Spirit Airlines from $66 and on Frontier from $78. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Diego and Seattle? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Diego to Seattle. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from San Diego to Seattle. They are Alaska Airlines and Delta. The cheapest airline for this route is Alaska Airlines, with the best one-way deal found costing $109. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Alaska Airlines. How many flights are there between San Diego and Seattle per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 9 nonstop flights that take off from San Diego and land in Seattle, with an average flight time of 3h 12m. The most common departure time is 2:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 43 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Diego and Seattle? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Diego to Seattle take? Direct flights take on average 3h 05m to travel the 1,051 miles between San Diego and Seattle. What’s the earliest departure time from San Diego to Seattle? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Diego at 6:15 am and will be landing in Seattle at 9:28 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Diego to Seattle? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Diego to Seattle jets off at 8:15 pm and lands at 11:31 pm. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $33 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 28% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 19% increase in price. Flight from San Diego to Seattle When to book flights from San Diego to Seattle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Diego to Seattle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Diego to Seattle Which airlines offer eco-friendly flights from San Diego to Seattle? On average, each passenger flying from San Diego to Seattle emits about 1,882 pounds. Spirit Airlines and Delta offer some of the most eco-friendly flights to San Diego to Seattle. These airlines offer nonstop and one-stop San Diego-to-Seattle flights and emit around 35 – 38% less carbon than most of the major airlines flying this route. What are the common stopover options for flights from San Diego to Seattle? Several airlines offer nonstop flights from San Diego to Seattle. Flights with a single layover en route are also available; the layover city depends on the airline. Alaska Airlines, Delta, and United Airlines offer some of these flights with common layover options being at San Francisco International Airport (SFO), Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), and Portland International Airport (PDX). Does Seattle-Tacoma International Airport offer pet amenities? Yes, SEA is a pet-friendly facility with pet-relief areas both inside and outside the terminals. The outdoor pet-relief areas are just outside Door 05, Door 26, and Door 27. One of the indoor pet-relief areas is near the Concourse B exit in the Central Terminal. SAN's pet-relief areas are equipped with pet waste bags, paper towel dispensers, and hand sanitizer. Does Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SAN) offer support for travelers with special needs? Yes, SAN is a fully accessible airport with lots of services and amenities for travelers with special needs. All airlines flying through SAN offer wheelchair assistance services to their passengers, which you can request by visiting your airline's ticket counter. Accessible amenities available at SAN include a sensory room, accessible parking, and restrooms. Which family services will I find when flying from San Diego to Seattle? SEA offers a children’s play area where you can take your kids to relax after your flight. The airport recommends the play area be used by children under 100 pounds and less than for feet tall. SAN’s play area is between the Central Terminal and A Gates. Are there public transportation options to San Diego International Airport from downtown San Diego? Yes, you can easily get to SAN from downtown San Diego using public transportation. One of the options is to take buses operated by the Metropolitan Transit System (MTS), which runs on Bus Route 992. These buses directly link the airport to downtown San Diego. They run every 15 minutes on weekdays and every 30 minutes on weekends and public holidays. Are the lounges at the San Diego airport free? Not all lounges at the San Diego airport are free of charge to access. There is a main lounge at the airport that is free to access, but you will have to pay some extra cash for meals. Free Wi-Fi is available in all the lounges. Paid lounges include Alaska lounge, Delta lounge, and the Star Brass lounges, which charge an approximate fee of $1.59. Are there charging stations at Seattle Airport? Yes, there are charging stations in most parts of the airport. You can purchase a power bank at the charging stations for approximately $15.90. You can charge your mobile devices using the seat power outlets found at the gate waiting bays. Are there any hotels near the San Diego airport? Many hotels are available near the San Diego airport, including the Courtyard hotel, located approximately 1 mile away, which charges around $150 per night. The Wyndham hotel charges around $80 per night and is approximately 2 miles from the airport. Is there free Wi-Fi at Seattle Airport? Yes, free Wi-Fi is available throughout the terminals. The signal strength will vary depending on the Terminal. Do I need a passport to fly between San Diego and Seattle? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airports will I be using when flying from San Diego to Seattle? When flying out of San Diego you will be using San Diego. You will be landing at Seattle, also known as Seattle/Tacoma Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Diego to Seattle? Alaska Airlines, Delta, American Airlines, and Air Canada offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Diego to Seattle flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Diego to Seattle? The Boeing 737-800 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Diego to Seattle flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Diego to Seattle? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between San Diego and Seattle, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from San Diego to Seattle? There are nonstop flights from San Diego to Seattle on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Diego to Seattle, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Diego to Seattle are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $238 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $248 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Diego to Seattle? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Diego to Seattle. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Diego to Seattle? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Seattle from San Diego is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Diego to Seattle? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Seattle with an airline and back to San Diego with another airline. Booking your flights between San Diego and SEA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Diego to Seattle? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Seattle from San Diego up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SAN to Seattle Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $127 or less one-way and $198 or less round-trip. Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) is a primary hub for Alaska Airlines, and it also serves as a hub for Delta Air Lines. When flying to SEA from San Diego, consider flying with either of these airlines as you will find more flight options. Alaska Airlines is one of the best airlines for families flying from San Diego to Seattle. The airline offers flights with expansive seating, kid-friendly foods, entertainment onboard, and preboarding for parents with young children. Getting around San Diego Airport (SAN) is easy, thanks to the free Airport Loop Shuttle. The shuttle offers 24-hour transportation within the airport, making frequent trips between the airport's parking lots and terminals. San Diego airport, also known as Lindbergh Airport, is approximately 3 miles northwest of San Diego downtown, California. This airport is managed and operated by the San Diego county airport authority. The airport offers domestic and international flights. The San Diego airport has a wide selection of parking lots: terminal 1 parking lots, terminal 2 parking lots, the parking plaza, curbside valet parking, long-term parking, and cellphone parking lots. For the first 10min, parking is free. You will have to pay approximately $1.59 for any extra 30min of parking. You will have to pay approximately $15.90 per day for the long-term parking lot and approximately $31.76 for the valet parking option. It is easy to maneuver in and out of Seattle Airport due to the numerous transport options available. You can board the Seattle Streetcars, which will connect you to nearby cities. The fare is approximately $1.99 for an adult passenger. You can also reserve a bike before your arrival. The bikes have a maximum speed of 15mph, and you will only have to part with approximately $0.07 per ride minute. Rental cars and limousine transportation services are also available upon reservation. San Diego has two main terminals, namely terminals 1 and 2. Terminal 1 is strictly reserved for domestic flights, while Terminal 2 is for international flights. Terminal 1 has two levels: ground floor level and mezzanine level. Lounges are located at the mezzanine level, while transportation service, check-in, and check-out areas are accessible from the ground floor level. Terminal 2 is divided into the ground floor level and the second level. Arrivals and departure areas are found on the ground floor, whereas all basic and social services are found on the second level. Seattle Airport has nursing amenities to cater to young children and their parents. The nursing suites have comfortable seats, changing tables, sinks, and other amenities and are close to the Alaska lounge on the Mezzanine level. Nursing pods are also available for single use. You should ensure you carry all your belongings after leaving and that you don't exceed the allocated time. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Diego to Seattle/Tacoma Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from San Diego to Seattle/Tacoma Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Diego to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +12 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +11 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +11 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more 10 11 Friday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +11 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +11 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Seattle/Tacoma Intl to San Diego Search Flights Monday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +11 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +11 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +12 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more 11 12 Friday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +12 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more 11 12 Sunday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Diego to Seattle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Diego to Seattle. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Diego to Seattle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 85overall 82comfort 79food 88crew 85boarding 78entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was amazing and they were all really polite and helpful!" Cons: "My headphone jack was broken so I couldn't listen to all the great movies they were offering. It's a little thing that changes the whole experience."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "The crew was amazing and they were all really polite and helpful!" Cons: "My headphone jack was broken so I couldn't listen to all the great movies they were offering. It's a little thing that changes the whole experience." Pros: "At 7 PM July 21 we booked flight through KAYAK linked to Alaska airlines. That part worked and picked seats. We were unable to check in online (try again message. At kiosk 525 am San Diego airport it would not allow us either. By the time we made it to the desk it was 537 am. They would not issue." Cons: "Ironically we had no issues checking in for the return flight through Delta Sunday 7 pm when we booked the flights. Therefore we could not leave San Diego and Alaskan Airlines front desk said we were three minutes late in person and would not issue boarding passes. We missed our soccer playoffs." Cons: "Flight delays. Departure gate change and long walk across airport" Pros: "It was from missing my connecting flight since I wasn’t able to get to my destination that day I had to wait a day." Cons: "Pay for my parking since I had to leave that day and come back the next day." Cons: "The airflow is too far from the isle seat making it a bit uncomfortable for the middle seat. The lack of entertainment outside of using a personal device was meh. And the price for some of the features are aggressive. Unless you are a T mobile customer..." Pros: "The red head steward" Cons: "The hipster sitting next to me and the small seats" Pros: "Nice flight attendants" Cons: "45 minute delay pilot said it was because a lot of planes fly into Seattle. The plane was obviously late coming into San diego. 3 day old tuna can smell in airplane. No food. I hate this airlines." Pros: "Flight was fine and on time." Cons: "They make such a big deal out of the cheese tray—I think they’d be better stocked. They ran out by the middle of the plane. The flight attendant let me know I should reserve one next time. Now I know." Cons: "Bag did not arrive at arrival gate and was late" Cons: "Didn't like running out of fuel and being rerouted to Palm Springs to refuel. Why didn't they fill up before leaving Seattle for San Diego on Wed. Dec. 27th? I am claustrophobic and hearing the news that we were low on fuel was the worst for me. Then they didn't even offer some bonus flight for the fuel oversight. Dale Bunge PO Box 572 Monroe, WA 98272." Cons: "Crew was abrasive and put off by people asking for service. Monitors had to be rebooted 3 times. Ran out of water and snacks." Pros: "Good flight as always with Delta. Sat in economy comfort, so of course the seats was comfortable. Flight Attendants were great." Pros: "The crew was wonderful, the food was great, the ride was wonderful." Cons: "I checked two bags and paid for them. The flight was full. I dutifully got in line for zone two. Next thing you know, at least 25 people got to board early and have free bag check. Really? I should get $35 dollar refund." Cons: "The flight was 2.5 hours late making me miss my connecting flight and I didn’t receive a refund for the comfort seats I paid for but didn’t get." Cons: "Was not allowed to check in even tho flight was delayed. Horrible!" Cons: "My friend and I was switched to an even worse seating when boarding. Very uncomfortable especially for my friend since he had crutches." Pros: "That we finally arrived." Cons: "That we didn't arrive even remotely close to when we were supposed to." Pros: "Nice crew, pretty good timing on flying time." Cons: "Stayed waiting for airport to clear our gaye for about one hour after we landed." Pros: "Was able to sleep for once. Nobody in center seat." Cons: "Crying babies" Cons: "Don’t get the egg salad breakfast sandwich. It’s got more turkey and cheese than egg salad." Cons: "The flight comfort was very bad. The plane was extremely warm and people we beginning to feel bad. Several mentioned it and asked multiple times to have the the cabin air conditioning turned down" Cons: "Seat pitch was too tight, especially when the person in front of me pushed their seat back." Pros: "Free tv which is rare" Cons: "I had selected my seats ahead of time and they weren’t kept. Day of I tried to buy a seat and it told me there were tech issues and I had to go to a front desk to check in/purchase. Well all that got me was the very last row, middle seat. No recline and seriously no leg room or breathing room once the person in the row ahead leans back. Crew was not helpful. Not to mention, the security line was outrageously long and I got to my flight just before it left only to find out my seating arrangement and be presented with more disappointment. Took over an hour where I’ve never waited more than 20 minutes in this airport (I fly often). Didn’t have time to go to BR or grab a snack Then my second flight was (again another middle seat) way too warm. The attendants said “there’s nothing we can do”. I was so nauseous and uncomfortable the whole time." Pros: "Quick and easy" Cons: "Overbooked flight. Had to check in carry on for not having any space available" Cons: "The original booked flight was about 12 hours before the rebooked flight. We got up at about 2:00 am to leave for the airport at 3:30 am for a 6:30 am flight. We were all packed and booked our ride and shuttinlpg down the computer at the last minute when we noticed an mail after midnight telling us the flight was cancelled. We called and were told there was nothing they could do, due to connections and this was entirely their fault. Approximately 12 hours later we took a “red eye” thus arriving a day late for our hotel and car reservations. We were charged baggage fees and not sure if our priority boarding will be refunded." Pros: "Comfortable chairs" Cons: "Pilot's skill level and ability - lots of maneuvering and a very poor landing" Pros: "Smooth flight, pilots were friendly. It was a nice flight" Pros: "The duration of the flight, nothing to do with the airline" Cons: "I was forced to check a bag in when I had flown previously the week before with the same carry on. $50 spent for nothing in my opinion. Per the supervisor over head bin size does not change yet my bag was "too big" like I said I had flown literally 4 days before this trip and had no problems with my bag fitting nor did any of the flight attendants say anything. I am just annoyed. Also I didn't know that I would fly American as it's through Alaska originally, maybe that was my lack of attention to detail. The carry on situation is what irritated me the most. This is also not the first time that I've had a problem with American Air." Cons: "I asked the woman at the gate prior to boarding if there were electrical outlets on the plane. She looked it up and said, its an Airbus, yes they have outlets at each seat. I didn't worry too much about charging my devices at my layover because I knew I could charge them on the plane. When I got on it was clear that there was no outlets, no video on the backs of seats, no devices being handed out for purchase. Nothing. I'm definitely used to more updated planes, but I would have been ok without the misinformation. I ended up on a 4 hr flight bored out of my gourd—which could have been avoided." Pros: "Boarding was smooth and took an average amount of time. We arrived exactly on time. Staff were all friendly and helpful. Plane was clean.. overall very pleasant !" Cons: "It's a 6 hour flight and not even a sandwich? Food on boeard is for sale. Same with movies or TV shows." Pros: "The flight was very good and no problems were encountered." Cons: "Nothing to complain about." Pros: "Fast and effective. On time and crew was nice and helpful." Cons: "They passed out drinks late !! Too close to landing time ." Cons: "My seat had garbage on the seat, on the floor and in the front pocket" Cons: "Seat area had a good deal of trash around it and in the seat back pocket" Pros: "Overall the flight process was fine." Cons: "Kayak is not transparent enough about highlighting which flights are low cost flights during purchasing. I thought I was purchasing a regular fare where I could bring a normal carry-on onto the flight, but this was a low cost flight and I had to check my bag. This information was not disclosed until after payment, and I believe this is dishonest on the part of Kayak. Kayak needs to be much more upfront about the details of the flights so that we passengers can select flights according to their needs. I felt deceived by the fare and would have purchased a different flight if I would have known ahead of time." Pros: "How nice the crew was" Cons: "That I was in the middle and lost my phone at the airport" Cons: "Flight was changed on me last minute so I had to call United and see if I could negotiate a better flight time. Layover in LA went 3-4 hours longer than expected so I ended up getting in a lot later than expected, meaning I had less time to spend with my wife. I missed my flight on my way back - I think when everyone was boarding, I somehow misinterpreted the digital sign that said "Ontario" to mean that they were boarding for Ontario. I had to sleep in the airport that night because I missed the flight - most uncomfortable experience ever! I paid for United's lounge but they weren't open 24/7. Then they almost didn't let me in the next morning to the lounge because technically it was only for that 1 night, even though I had been at the airport all the same. Lesson learned - maybe I should just drive to SD rather than fly." Cons: "This flight was delayed for 1.5 hours which was not nice and it was a six hour flight and only could receive pretzels without paying for food." Pros: "I arrived." Cons: "It was an hour after boarding before take off. Another 15 minutes on the ground after landing waiting for a gate at midnight on a weekday. I understand that circumstances occur beyond the airlines control, but this has been routinely occurring on my trips with Frontier. Absent compelling reasons, I will not be flying with them again." Pros: "Cost of ticket" Cons: "Paying for bag delays and the chairs and no free snacks offered" Pros: "They still pick up trash!!" Cons: "New airbus has even LESS room!! Have to manhandle your personal bag out of the even smaller space under the seat! A soda is $3! There is Nothing to read anymore and the crew are overwhelmed with cranky people... making them cranky." Pros: "Everyone was very nice and funny. Definitely going to use Frontier even if they cost more. The pilot gave us a smooth comfortable ride. The staff all around were absolutely professionals and kind to boot." Cons: "The fact you wont accept gift debit cards or money. I kept my credit cards home for safety reasons. I could not buy anything. The isle was hard to walk down It was very small." Pros: "It didn't crash" Cons: "The whole staff from the check in to the attendants was rude rude rude. Never again!" Cons: "The delayed flight and the smell of puke for the entire duration of the flight after an indicidual puked before leaving the gate." Pros: "All in all the flight was typical for a low fare flight, comfortable for an unreclining chair, and as clean as would be expected." Cons: "The only problem was that it was an overnight flight and about two in the morning members of the flight crew gathered at the back galley and began to talk and laugh rather loudly. Not only did they wake me up but they woke a little girl who began to cry loudly for some time. Perhaps they did not realize their loudness because they were friendly on and off the plane, but it was rather frustrating." Cons: "The carry on price and a kid crying the 2 hr flight" Pros: "The cheap price" Cons: "No complementary drinks such as soda or snacks such as peanuts or pretzels" Pros: "Low fares Smooth ride/landing Bigger leg room than Spirit Airlines" Cons: "Delayed flight Seats were not the most comfortable" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from San Diego to Seattle Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Diego to Seattle found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/30Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 12h 37mSAN-SEA $33 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 12h 23mSAN-SEA $35 Search 2/29Thu 1 stopFrontier 13h 39mSAN-SEA $45 Search 12/8Fri 1 stopFrontier 7h 45mSAN-SEA $48 Search 1/31Wed nonstopDelta 3h 14mSAN-SEA $59 Search 1/13Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 3h 08mSAN-SEA $61 Search 1/4Thu nonstopDelta 3h 16mSAN-SEA $69 Search 3/2Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 42mSAN-SEA $79 Search 3/1Fri nonstopAlaska Airlines 3h 06mSAN-SEA $89 Search 5/22Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 34mSAN-SEA $129 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAlaska AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$40 or less$50 or less$60 or less$80 or less$130 or less Last minute flights from San Diego to Seattle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Diego to Seattle that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 24h 53mSAN-SEA 12/10Sun multi-stopFrontier 19h 11mSEA-SAN $96 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 12h 23mSAN-SEA 12/11Mon multi-stop 19h 11mSEA-SAN $134 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 23mSAN-SEA 12/9Sat multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 34mSEA-SAN $139 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 16h 33mSAN-SEA 12/10Sun multi-stopSpirit Airlines 15h 47mSEA-SAN $210 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 26h 24mSAN-SEA 12/6Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 52mSEA-SAN $296 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 3h 05mSAN-SEA 12/2Sat multi-stopAlaska Airlines 15h 36mSEA-SAN $348 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 3h 09mSAN-SEA 12/10Sun nonstopDelta 2h 55mSEA-SAN $498 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 3h 11mSAN-SEA 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 2h 46mSEA-SAN $583 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 14mSAN-SEA 12/9Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 54mSEA-SAN $713 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 57mSAN-SEA 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 54mSEA-SAN $723 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAlaska AirlinesDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$130 or less$210 or less$350 or less$580 or less$720 or less San Diego - Seattle Flights Departure: San Diego (SAN)United States Destination: Seattle (SEA)United States Return flight deals: Seattle - San Diego Cabin classes: $375 First Class flights to Seattle $330 Business Class flights to Seattle $316 Prem Econ Class flights to Seattle $99 Economy Class flights to Seattle Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Diego $66Flights from San Diego to Seattle Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Washington » Seattle $66Flights to Seattle, Seattle Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Oakland Flights to Salt Lake City Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Seattle flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Seattle from San Diego. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Seattle from San Diego. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.