Cheap Flights from Las Vegas to Seattle from $22 | (LAS - SEA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAS - SEA Find cheap flights from Las Vegas to Seattle from $22 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Seattle These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Las Vegas to Seattle. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Las Vegas to Seattle. How much is the cheapest flight from Las Vegas to Seattle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Las Vegas to Seattle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:00 am - 8:53 amLAS-SEA 2h 53mnonstop 10:28 am - 1:03 pmSEA-LAS 2h 35mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Sun, Jan 14 7:07 am - 9:58 amLAS-SEA 2h 51mnonstop 10:48 am - 1:23 pmSEA-LAS 2h 35mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Mon, Jan 8 7:07 am - 9:58 amLAS-SEA 2h 51mnonstop 9:40 pm - 12:18 amSEA-LAS 2h 38mnonstop $40Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Mon, Jan 8 4:06 pm - 7:00 pmLAS-SEA 2h 54mnonstop 9:14 pm - 11:59 pmSEA-LAS 2h 45mnonstop $48Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Thu, Jan 18 12:56 pm - 4:00 pmLAS-SEA 3h 04mnonstop 10:27 am - 1:11 pmSEA-LAS 2h 44mnonstop $50Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sun, Dec 17 12:56 pm - 4:00 pmLAS-SEA 3h 04mnonstop 10:27 am - 1:11 pmSEA-LAS 2h 44mnonstop $51Frontier Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Sun, Dec 17 12:56 pm - 4:00 pmLAS-SEA 3h 04mnonstop 10:18 pm - 12:57 amSEA-LAS 2h 39mnonstop $53 Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 6:10 pm - 11:59 pmLAS-SEA 5h 49m1 stop 1:40 pm - 8:38 pmSEA-LAS 6h 58m1 stop $141Alaska Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Sun, Dec 17 6:10 pm - 11:59 pmLAS-SEA 5h 49m1 stop 11:25 am - 7:17 pmSEA-LAS 7h 52m1 stop $157Alaska Airlines Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Tue, Dec 19 3:59 pm - 12:10 amLAS-SEA 8h 11m1 stop 5:00 am - 12:00 pmSEA-LAS 7h 00m1 stop $167American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Wed, Jan 10 Show more results Flights from Las Vegas to Seattle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Las Vegas to Seattle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Las Vegas to Seattle? The average price of all flights from Las Vegas to Seattle clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Seattle on a Wednesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Monday is the most expensive day to fly from Las Vegas to Seattle. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Tuesday and avoiding Fridays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Las Vegas to Seattle? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Las Vegas to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Las Vegas to Seattle is October, where tickets cost $85 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and June, where the average cost of tickets is $198 and $189 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Las Vegas to Seattle? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Las Vegas to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Las Vegas to Seattle, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 33 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Las Vegas to Seattle? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Frontier offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $22. KAYAK users also found Las Vegas to Seattle round-trip flights on Frontier from $38 and on Spirit Airlines from $39. Which airlines fly most frequently between Las Vegas and Seattle? Alaska Airlines connects Las Vegas to Seattle with up to 3 flights per day and both Delta and Southwest also offer 3 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Las Vegas and Seattle? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Las Vegas to Seattle. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Las Vegas to Seattle. They are: Alaska Airlines, Delta, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $38 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Las Vegas and Seattle per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 18 nonstop flights that take off from Las Vegas and land in Seattle, with an average flight time of 2h 48m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 90 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Las Vegas and Seattle? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Las Vegas to Seattle take? A direct flight to Seattle will take on average 2h 48m to travel the 866 miles flying distance from Las Vegas. What’s the earliest departure time from Las Vegas to Seattle? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Las Vegas at 5:35 am and will be landing in Seattle at 8:20 am. What’s the latest departure time from Las Vegas to Seattle? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Las Vegas to Seattle jets off at 9:40 pm and lands at 12:20 am. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $22 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 33% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 33% increase in price. Flight from Las Vegas to Seattle When to book flights from Las Vegas to Seattle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Las Vegas to Seattle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Las Vegas to Seattle What are some eco-friendly airlines flying from Las Vegas to Seattle? Roughly 1,717 lbs. of carbon are released on this route. Environmentally responsible travelers should consider booking direct flights as they are more environmentally friendly than one-stop flights. Reserve your flights with either Alaska Airlines or Spirit Airlines as they are the most sustainable carriers on this route, releasing 44% and 42% less carbon, respectively. What are the inter-terminal transfer options at Harry Reid International Airport (LAS)? The Las Vegas Airport boasts 108 gates within five concourses and two terminals, 1 and 3. The Harry Reid International Airport Automated People Mover connects the terminals’ airside areas and has three lines. The green line serves the C Gates and Terminal 1, the blue line joins the D Gates and Terminal 1, and the red line serves the D Gates and Terminal 3. What are some good hotel options near Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA)? If you are landing at SEA after a late-night flight from Las Vegas, do not panic. There are some accommodations nearby where you can stay for the night, and they provide pickup services. These include Crowne Plaza Seattle Airport across SEA’s skybridge, Rodeway Inn, and Ramada by Wyndham SeaTac Airport. Does LAS offer any support services for travelers with special needs? Yes. LAS has invested in ADA-compliant facilities to provide special needs passengers with a barrier-free travel experience. The airline hub features accessible lavatories and elevators throughout all the concourses. Inter-terminal transfer shuttles have ramps as well. Be sure to inform your airline of any special requests while booking your ticket to Seattle. What is there to do at the airport in Seattle as I await my pickup? Live music sessions and artwork at the airport in Seattle are a respite for frazzled and exhausted passengers. Popular displays at the airline hub include Currents by Weston Lambert in Concourse A and Blackleaf by Debora Butterfield in North Concourse. Alternatively, you could treat yourself to a holistic massage at the Massage Bar in the North Satellite. What are the rental car companies at SEA? Passengers looking to evade the hassle of catching commuting schedules should consider obtaining a rental car at SEA. The Sea-Tac car rental facility is off site and is serviced by round-the-clock complimentary shuttle services from the airline hub. These shuttle buses are at the baggage claim level near Doors 2 and 15. Are there pet services at McCarran International Airport (LAS)? There are indoor and outdoor designated areas in the airport where passengers can take the pet to relieve themselves before the flight. McCarran airport has seven pet relief areas. Four pet relief areas are outdoors and pre-security. Are there any attraction sites at McCarran Airport? As you wait for your flight, you can visit the aviation museum, airport art, and Voices of Vegas: An LAS playlist. What family services does McCarran airport (LAS) have? There are various amenities available, including a kids'play area, family care restrooms, and wheelchair services. All restrooms throughout the terminals are accessible for every passenger. There is a unisex family restroom for passengers with special needs. You will find an unsupervised kids'play area at the D gates. I forgot to buy a gift, are there shopping facilities at McCarran airport? There are various stores and shopping outlets available in McCarran airport. You can shop for any gift or item like flowers. Shopping facilities are available in all Terminals. I have lost my luggage at Seattle/Tacoma airport, what should I do? There is a lost and found office located at the baggage claim level. The service is free of charge. You have to file a lost and found claim. The report will need your contact information, item description, and location, and date when you lost the item. Do I need a passport to fly between Las Vegas and Seattle? No Which airports will I be using when flying from Las Vegas to Seattle? Las Vegas and Seattle are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Las Vegas from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl and will be arriving at Seattle/Tacoma Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Las Vegas to Seattle? Delta, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, and Air Canada offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Las Vegas to Seattle flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Las Vegas to Seattle? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Las Vegas to Seattle flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Las Vegas to Seattle? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Las Vegas and Seattle, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Las Vegas to Seattle? There are nonstop flights from Las Vegas to Seattle on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Las Vegas to Seattle, Alaska Airlines or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Las Vegas to Seattle are Alaska Airlines and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $199 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $288 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Las Vegas to Seattle? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Las Vegas to Seattle. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Las Vegas to Seattle? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Seattle from Las Vegas is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Las Vegas to Seattle? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Seattle with an airline and back to Las Vegas with another airline. Booking your flights between Las Vegas and SEA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Las Vegas to Seattle? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Seattle from Las Vegas up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAS to Seattle Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $79 or less one-way and $58 or less round-trip. Sea-Tac Airport (SEA) serves as Alaska Airlines’ key hub. The airport also serves as Delta Air Lines’ international gateway and hub. Reserving your flights with these carriers will ensure you can construct your travel plans to easily connect to other cities like Salt Lake City and San Diego. Some trips to SEA from LAS have layovers, depending on your airline. Common stopover destinations on this journey include Portland International Airport (PDX), Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), and Salt Lake City Airport (SLC). If you are heading to Seattle for business, get a head start on your work at LAS. The Club Lounge in Terminal 3, opposite Gate E2, has business amenities like workstations and PCs, and you can gain admittance by paying at the door. The McCarran International airport is around 14.9 miles from downtown Las Vegas and 1.9 miles from the Las Vegas airstrip. The airport has two terminals: Terminals 1 and 2. Airlines like United Airlines, American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Delta, and Frontier serve the airport. You will alight at Seattle/Tacoma International Airport (SEA). You can take a taxi, rideshare, rental car, or limousine to the McCarran airport from downtown Las Vegas. A taxi cab will cost you between $12 and $17. You will drop off at either Terminal 1 or Terminal 3 drop off depending on your flight. If you are using a personal vehicle to McCarran Airport (LAS), various parking options are available. Seattle/Tacoma Airport is around 11 miles from downtown Seattle. You can take a taxi or bus from Seattle airport to downtown. A bus will charge you between $6 and $19 and take 30min. A taxi will cost you between $45-$60 and take you 19min to downtown. There is also a direct bus from Seattle airport that takes approximately 30min to downtown. There are various services and amenities offered at Seattle/Tacoma International Airport. That includes services for military passengers. If you are traveling with pets, there is a pet relief area both inside and outside the terminals. Outside the Terminal, you will find it outside door 33 on the north end and the south end's baggage claim level. Once you alight at Seattle/Tacoma airport, there are luggage carts and bag storage available. Baggage storage is at the main Terminal in the baggage claim area. The luggage carts are also available at the baggage claim level. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Seattle/Tacoma Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Harry Reid Intl to Seattle/Tacoma Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +17 more Aeromexico, Air France, +18 more 16 17 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +17 more Aeromexico, Air France, +18 more 16 17 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +17 more Aeromexico, Air France, +18 more 16 17 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Las Vegas to Seattle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Las Vegas to Seattle. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Las Vegas to Seattle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 82comfort 85boarding 88crew 79food 78entertainment 85overall Airline reviews Cons: "Could have had a screen for entertainment vs relying on customers to use their own devices which may not be set up for movies."Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "Could have had a screen for entertainment vs relying on customers to use their own devices which may not be set up for movies." Pros: "I was able to charge my phone in flight overall it was a quiet flight for mud day" Cons: "Inflight wi fi was not working available purchase meals / snacks were extremely limited Staff announcements were muffled and usually glib" Pros: "Seating was excellent, nice comfortable seats which seem to be roomier than other airlines." Cons: "As with all airlines, I wish WiFi was free as we pay enough already for tickets." Pros: "I really appreciated the gate agents and trying their best to seat families / individuals traveling together on an overbooked flight." Pros: "Crew was good" Cons: "Again, board plane back to front after boarding special needs passenger and your priority passengers. Why have us climb over everyone when we have to get to the back. Also verify size of 2 carry ons. This is what is a hassle." Pros: "Flight was pleasant, comfortable, and crew was accommodating." Cons: "The ticketing was an issue and kind of stressful because seats were not allocated at the time of check-in." Pros: "The seat and cocktails were great. The crew in general was very knowledgeable, and kind" Cons: "Two other passengers and myself had what we were told by the flight crew were veg protein plate meals. Imagine our surprise when there was meat on them." Pros: "I fly a lot. First class or premium class service has really gone down in the past several years. This trip the flight attendant was attentive, but unobtrusive, and the breakfast was outstanding. Try the protein plate. Delicious." Cons: "People from coach using the first class bathroom. I paid 6 times what they did for my flight, for the amenity of having a bathroom available. Not to wait for others who didn't want to walk to the back of the plane. It would be nice if the rule was enforced. Charge them $50.00 to use the bathroom, I bet they will wait." Pros: "Being on-time." Cons: "Not having the option to fly from Las Vegas to Pasco on other schedules when booking." Pros: "Good leg room. Efficient. Beverage service and cookie. Nothing to complain about at all. Definitely flying with Alaska from now on." Cons: "Late going down to Vegas and late coming home from Vegas." Pros: "Nice crew" Cons: "Smallest seats I’ve ever been in. Late departure because they forgot the plane’s security check in-between flights. Drinks served but no snacks." Pros: "The check in was really smooth and fast. The crew was amazing." Cons: "nothing" Pros: "Very comfy, roomy seats. Helpful, welcoming staff. Great take-off and landing—very smooth." Cons: "It would be nice to have TV’s in the seats for longer flights." Cons: "There is no TV and no music options. Also, they said they provided free Wi-Fi but it was unavailable during my flight." Pros: "Overall the experience was ok. The planes were clean. and the crew was nice and helpful." Cons: "Paying for the seats and bags as additional fees is deceptive. I mean who flys without a seat or clothes? Consider boarding back to front, that way people in front of the plane don't create a back up trying to get their carry on loaded in the over head bin." Cons: "There wasn’t a selection for “not applicable” so I gave low stars where the item didn’t exist I.e. entertainment." Pros: "Good value for the price." Cons: "the crew did not announce where baggage pick-up was, so all of us had to race around trying to find it. The airport staff didn't know either." Cons: "The flight did not leave on time into Las Vegas. Sun country had no update until the flight departed the gate" Pros: "It was great overall! the pilots take off and landing (my most unfavorite part of flying) did a wonderful job." Cons: "The seats are pretty small and I had to pay extra for my seat. What's up witht hat?" Cons: "Maintenance problems resulted in original aircraft being unavailable and switching to new aircraft at a different gate. More than 45 min late." Cons: "The flight comfort was very bad. The plane was extremely warm and people we beginning to feel bad. Several mentioned it and asked multiple times to have the the cabin air conditioning turned down" Cons: "One crew member is not particularly helpful when passengers needed assistance." Pros: "Not much" Cons: "Everyone was too hot, sweltering and perspiring, way to crowded and packed. Literally could not moved at all." Pros: "CREW GOOD AIRPLANE CLEAN" Cons: "DEPARTED 1 HOUR LATE, THERE WAS MODERATE TURBULENCE THROUGHOUT THE FLIGHT" Pros: "Smooth flight, pilots were friendly. It was a nice flight" Cons: "I asked the woman at the gate prior to boarding if there were electrical outlets on the plane. She looked it up and said, its an Airbus, yes they have outlets at each seat. I didn't worry too much about charging my devices at my layover because I knew I could charge them on the plane. When I got on it was clear that there was no outlets, no video on the backs of seats, no devices being handed out for purchase. Nothing. I'm definitely used to more updated planes, but I would have been ok without the misinformation. I ended up on a 4 hr flight bored out of my gourd—which could have been avoided." Cons: "They cancelled the flight and put me to fly the next day" Cons: "Charlotte to Seattle flight: The food served in first class smelled awful. Seated in premium seating just behind first class was unfortunate due to the atrocious odor that lasted for 3+hours. There was no option for food service for the rest of the plane. Which was unfortunate as I was very hungry. Due to inconsistent notification that the plane was delayed / on-time (kept switching the notification) we opted to not get dinner in the airport..... To which the plane was was an hour late yet we were told to check in every ten minutes to see if we were boarding. There were no blankets. The plane was incredibly cold. The suggestion I received from the flight staff was to turn off the vent above my head (which I had already done.) I had brought a jacket and was wearing pants. On a 5.5 hour flight, the crew served beverages 45 minutes into the flight (per usual) and handed out a pretzel pack. They didn't come back through with water or beverages again. On other airlines, they promote water at least once an hour to keep swelling and dehydration down. Since I am a pretty frequent flier, I bring my own water. Still, coffee would have been nice. Suggestions: increase beverage service to at least twice / 5.5 hour flight and provide blankets upon request. Food choices and entertainment would also be good. Don't cook stinky dinners in first class and allow it to pollute the rest of the plane." Cons: "3rd flight with AA this year. Luggage damaged for second time." Pros: "The plane had lots of leg room." Cons: "Punctuality. The plane left the gate more than 30 minutes after scheduled departure time." Pros: "Just a great flight and service. Super happy for getting home early!" Cons: "Unclear indication and mediocre service to register for the flight and to load our luggage" Cons: "My entertainment console didn’t work and I was unable to purchase movies/direct tv" Cons: "Our flight was delayed and there was a really long line of passengers trying to switch connecting flights. There were two women working at the counter. One of their shifts was over. She called her manager and said she was willing to work later to handle the crowd, but the manager does not want to pay overtime so she was told to leave. So one woman was left to handle the massive line all by herself. I stood in line over two hours. I believe if someone is willing to help out that would have been the best solution." Pros: "Although the flight was delayed, we got into an earlier flight which was great" Cons: "My seat had garbage on the seat, on the floor and in the front pocket" Cons: "Ticket check in employee was extremely rude. Put me on stand by for the next flight even though they were still letting people onto my original flight." Pros: "Overall the flight process was fine." Cons: "Kayak is not transparent enough about highlighting which flights are low cost flights during purchasing. I thought I was purchasing a regular fare where I could bring a normal carry-on onto the flight, but this was a low cost flight and I had to check my bag. This information was not disclosed until after payment, and I believe this is dishonest on the part of Kayak. Kayak needs to be much more upfront about the details of the flights so that we passengers can select flights according to their needs. I felt deceived by the fare and would have purchased a different flight if I would have known ahead of time." Cons: "This flight was delayed for 1.5 hours which was not nice and it was a six hour flight and only could receive pretzels without paying for food." Pros: "The flight was fine and the crew were nice." Cons: "Gate agent was too much. A family had not been required to pay for carry ons on their outbound trip but she required them to pay $250. English was not their primary language. The mother apparently swore in Spanish- agent threatened to call police. Disagreed with FA, kicked off family." Pros: "The crew was very good, the plane was clean. The seats seemed brand new and were relatively spacious." Cons: "I was not made aware that the regular seats do not recline as they do on all other airlines I have ever traveled on. Since I was taking a long, red eye flight it was impossible to sleep. When I asked an attendant I was told that they are 'predesigned for your comfort'..." Cons: "We waited in line at the check in counter for an hour and a half. There were only two people working and probably 300 people in line. Then going through TSS....took about 30 min....we had to RUN just to catch our flight. Even though we were there almost 2 1/2 hours early. Made for a very stressful start" Pros: "Boarding went ok with no problems" Cons: "Good thing o had an isle seat. The two people in the seats beside me were large and that made the one setting beside me take up part of my area. Part of my body was covered by her the entire flight except when I got up to go to the bathroom. Leaned into the isle most of the flight. Really annoying to have half a seat." Pros: "They still pick up trash!!" Cons: "New airbus has even LESS room!! Have to manhandle your personal bag out of the even smaller space under the seat! A soda is $3! There is Nothing to read anymore and the crew are overwhelmed with cranky people... making them cranky." Pros: "What wasn't there to like. Flight departure was on time and we arrived early. Exactly what every traveler desires." Cons: "Can't think of a single thing." Pros: "The crew were excellent" Cons: "We had to wait because the flight was delay. That is ok. Then wait again almost an hour to the airplane to depart. The wait again when arrived because another airplane was at our gate." Pros: "It didn't crash" Cons: "The whole staff from the check in to the attendants was rude rude rude. Never again!" Pros: "fast boarding for my zone" Cons: "the flight attendants on this flight had a lot of attitude straight away, one in particular. was rude to several passengers at boarding and deplaning. it was a redeye, but they kept the overhead light on the entire flight and talked at top volume for the entire time. no one in the rows around me slept because of this." Pros: "Efficient from the crowded baggage check to baggage claim. Great Job!" Cons: "Seats don't recline, get what you pay for!" Alaska Airlines8.3 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Las Vegas to Seattle Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Las Vegas to Seattle found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/13Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 54mLAS-SEA $22 Search 1/29Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 55mLAS-SEA $29 Search 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 51mLAS-SEA $37 Search 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 51mLAS-SEA $38 Search 5/10Fri nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 47mLAS-SEA $76 Search 12/19Tue 1 stopAlaska Airlines 7h 50mLAS-SEA $79 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 10h 26mLAS-SEA $114 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 19mLAS-SEA $159 Search 12/16Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 19h 00mLAS-SEA $198 Search 12/5Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 13h 35mLAS-SEA $203 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAlaska AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$40 or less$80 or less$160 or less$200 or less Last minute flights from Las Vegas to Seattle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Las Vegas to Seattle that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 04mLAS-SEA 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 40mSEA-LAS $76 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 04mLAS-SEA 12/10Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 40mSEA-LAS $77 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 3h 04mLAS-SEA 12/8Fri nonstop 2h 38mSEA-LAS $82 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 51mLAS-SEA 12/8Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 38mSEA-LAS $119 Search 12/1Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 49mLAS-SEA 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 35mSEA-LAS $166 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 9h 37mLAS-SEA 12/10Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 9h 16mSEA-LAS $350 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 9h 37mLAS-SEA 12/10Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 6h 17mSEA-LAS $351 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 21h 27mLAS-SEA 12/7Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 44mSEA-LAS $818 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 21h 27mLAS-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 13h 53mSEA-LAS $887 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 6h 55mLAS-SEA 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 6h 19mSEA-LAS $945 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAlaska AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$80 or less$120 or less$350 or less$820 or less$950 or less Las Vegas - Seattle Flights Departure: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Destination: Seattle (SEA)United States Return flight deals: Seattle - Las Vegas Cabin classes: $550 First Class flights to Seattle $658 Business Class flights to Seattle $266 Prem Econ Class flights to Seattle $38 Economy Class flights to Seattle Browse origins: Flights » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $34Flights from Las Vegas to Seattle Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Washington » Seattle $34Flights to Seattle, Seattle Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Burbank Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Seattle flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Seattle from Las Vegas. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Seattle from Las Vegas. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.