Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to Manila from $536 | (ORD - MNL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ORD - MNL Find cheap flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila from $536 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/25. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel sab 12/30 sab 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Manila These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Manila. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Manila. How much is the cheapest flight from O'Hare Intl to Manila?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from O'Hare Intl to Manila that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:30 pm - 6:10 pmORD-MNL 31h 40m1 stop 5:00 am - 5:45 pmMNL-ORD 25h 45m1 stop $853Turkish Airlines Find Deal mer, mar 20 - gio, apr 25 8:40 pm - 8:50 pmORD-MNL 35h 10m1 stop 5:00 am - 5:45 pmMNL-ORD 25h 45m1 stop $861Turkish Airlines Find Deal lun, apr 8 - gio, mag 2 11:35 am - 10:20 pmORD-MNL 44h 45m1 stop 5:00 am - 5:45 pmMNL-ORD 25h 45m1 stop $883Turkish Airlines Find Deal mer, feb 28 - ven, mag 24 8:30 pm - 6:10 pmORD-MNL 31h 40m1 stop 9:25 pm - 9:40 amMNL-ORD 25h 15m1 stop $884Turkish Airlines Find Deal lun, gen 22 - mer, mag 22 12:30 am - 10:50 pmORD-MNL 33h 20m1 stop 5:45 am - 9:00 pmMNL-ORD 28h 15m1 stop $887EVA Air Find Deal lun, apr 22 - mer, mag 15 12:30 am - 11:40 amORD-MNL 22h 10m1 stop 5:45 am - 9:00 pmMNL-ORD 28h 15m1 stop $915EVA Air Find Deal mar, apr 16 - gio, mag 9 3:00 pm - 4:00 amORD-MNL 24h 00m1 stop 9:05 pm - 5:09 amMNL-ORD 21h 04m1 stop $1,023Philippine Airlines Find Deal lun, mag 13 - lun, mag 20 7:00 am - 10:50 pmORD-MNL 26h 50m2 stops 12:40 pm - 9:00 pmMNL-ORD 21h 20m1 stop $1,071 Find Deal gio, mag 2 - mar, mag 21 8:20 pm - 6:25 pmORD-MNL 33h 05m1 stop 9:05 pm - 6:00 amMNL-ORD 21h 55m1 stop $1,089Philippine Airlines Find Deal gio, mag 16 - ven, mag 24 12:30 am - 5:50 pmORD-MNL 28h 20m1 stop 3:40 am - 4:18 pmMNL-ORD 25h 38m2 stops $1,098 Find Deal mer, mar 13 - dom, mar 24 Show more results Flights from O'Hare Intl to Manila - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from O'Hare Intl to Manila to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Manila? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Manila is September, where tickets cost $992 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,721 and $1,579 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Manila? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Manila, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 73 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Turkish Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $683. KAYAK users also found Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila round-trip flights on Turkish Airlines from $853 and on EVA Air from $887. How long does a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila take? There are no direct flights for this route. The shortest travel duration to get to Manila from Chicago O'Hare Airport is 22h 10m. Good to know Low season August High season December Cheapest flight $536 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 13% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 31% increase in price. Flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila When to book flights from O'Hare Intl to Manila Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from O'Hare Intl to Manila based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila flights What kinds of flights are available from O’Hare International Airport (ORD) to Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL)? Unfortunately, there are currently no direct flights from Chicago’s O’Hare airport to the Manila airport. However, you can find several flight paths with only one layover. These are typically operated by multiple airlines, such as Air Canada, Philippine Airlines, United Airlines, ANA, and Spirit Airlines. The layovers will typically be in Vancouver, Tokyo, Seattle, Los Angeles, or Taipei. What is the best way to get from downtown Chicago to ORD? Downtown Chicago is about a 40min drive from ORD. You can take a taxi or a rideshare such as Lyft or Uber for about $50. Or, you can take the CTA Blue Line, which will cost you about $2.50 for about a 30min ride. Taking the Blue Line, or the L, is a great way to avoid potential traffic to ensure you arrive at the airport on time. How do I get to the Manila city center from the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL)? Downtown Manila is accessible from the airport by car within about 20min, but it will largely depend on traffic. You could take a taxi or a Grab, which is a rideshare app. Or you can opt for the Light Rail Transit system which connects the closest station to the airport (Baclaran Station) to the downtown area. What documentation will I need in order to enter the Philippines? US citizens need a valid passport with at least 2 blank pages to enter the Philippines. You will be given a tourist visa upon arrival when you go through immigration and customs. You will be required to fill in a form to give to the customs agent upon landing. Do I need a passport to fly between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Manila? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Chicago O'Hare Airport and on arrival in Manila. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila? Star Alliance, oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Manila, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Manila from Chicago O'Hare Airport? Taipei City is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila. Which is the best airline for flights from Chicago to Manila, Korean Air or ANA? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Chicago to Manila are Korean Air and ANA. With an average price for the route of $1,281 and an overall rating of 8.7, Korean Air is the most popular choice. ANA is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,354 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Manila from Chicago O'Hare Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Manila with an airline and back to Chicago O'Hare Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and MNL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Manila? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Manila from Chicago O'Hare Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ORD to Manila If you are going on a long trip to Manila and you need to park your car at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport (ORD), you have several long term parking options. You can use the economy lots, the main garage, or the daily lot. If you get to ORD early and need something to keep you busy before your flight, check out the Public Art Program with exhibitions situated throughout the airport. Or, unwind in the yoga room on the mezzanine level of the terminal 3 rotunda. The O’Hare International Airport in Chicago (ORD) and the Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Manila (MNL) both offer services for passengers with disabilities. ORD offers wheelchair rental and navigation assistance as well as a shower facility that is accessible. MNL also offers wheelchair assistance and navigation. If you are picking up a rental car when you arrive at the Manila airport, you will need to make your way to the rental car counters. There are rental car counters located in the arrivals area of terminals 1, 2, and 3. If you are flying out of ORD with a pet, you will be pleased to know that there is a pet relief area located in the terminal 3 rotunda close to gate K1. There are also service areas outside the terminal before security. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to Manila See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Chicago to Manila. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to Manila? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Korean AirOverall score based on 5074 reviews 88boarding 86comfort 84food 90crew 85entertainment 88overall Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was grest and helpful" Cons: "Seats on 777 are not padded very well for a 14 hour flight"Read more about Korean Air Pros: "Crew was grest and helpful" Cons: "Seats on 777 are not padded very well for a 14 hour flight" Pros: "The service vayama were trying to charge fees way over the normal fees for any adjustments" Cons: "If they could of tried to be helpful when trying ro change dates" Pros: "Everything was great!" Cons: "Some announcements were only made in Korean. Would have been nice to have it in English for international flight." Pros: "crew was nice. not enough space in overhead stow. other passengers bag ate up my legroom" Pros: "This was not to positive off a flight." Cons: "Boarding easy, I am Handicapped, but arrival was a joke. Was never offered assistance. After 12 hours on a plane with braces on both legs you have to walk about a half mile to baggage and stand in lines to get out." Cons: "The food is usually good on korean air but wasn’t great this time" Pros: "It seemed noise free but I think that’s because they turned all the lights off as if night time. The flight attendants were helpful when asked and friendly" Cons: "The 1st 6 hours I had to keep calling for water as no one came around. More movie options." Pros: "Preference given for those requiring extra help boarding" Cons: "Very narrow seats with very very limited leg room. I’m only 5’4” tall and had no leg room. My sister is 5’11” and had leg cramps from the 4.5 hour flight because of the lack of leg room. Probably time to replace this plane." Pros: "Nice bathhroom size" Cons: "I dont like the 2x seating in business, seats are not up to what they should be, i was glad it was a short flight" Pros: "Everything, the crew was outstanding. I haven't flew with all airlines but Koren Air was so good that I don't want to fly with any other airline, all ways Koren Air from here on out." Cons: "The second meal wasn't the greatest but I think it was me not the food." Pros: "The crew was professional and super friendly." Cons: "Our bags had arrived early, and were waiting at the service station. However, there was no one there in the rooms and our stuff was left outside the door. We have pictures of our bags left out. It’s kind of a bummer that our stuff was left unattended. Someone could of grabbed it." Pros: "Great service!" Cons: "More comfortable seats and headphone jacks on the end of the arm rest (I kept knocking mine out when I moved in my seat)." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "The seats were substantially more cramped than the other flight." Pros: "The crew was fantastic and the food was very nice." Cons: "It really would have been nice to have a vegetarian option!" Pros: "One of my favorites airlines! Crew are nice and very helpful. I felt safe and enjoyed my long flight as always. My mom would not agree more. Thank you for your good service!" Cons: "Fellow passenger didn't stay in his space , would prefer flight attendant to inform kindly" Pros: "Food and entertainment has to be better." Cons: "In Chicago, the flight was delayed for almost 4 hours which in turn made us miss our connecting flight to Jakarta. Then next flight available flight to Jakarta was 24 hours later." Pros: "The flight attendants were so nice and the food was really good." Pros: "The crew were helpful and nice. It was comfortable." Cons: "The food was horrible. The movie selections were quite limited." Pros: "The person who checked me in at ORD found me an alternative aisle seat with an unoccupied seat next to me. Great benefit for a 12+ hour flight. Very thoughtful." Cons: "We left late." Pros: "Three of us were sitting separately. Airline is able to accommodate us so that we get to sit together in a section where there is extra leg room." Pros: "Wonderful trip, Super nice Crew , perfect meal , great entertainment system" Cons: "Can not be topped up" Pros: "Arrived on time." Cons: "Was a B Grade effort by the crew. They were there to get their pay check & no more....very disappointing." Pros: "The crew was lackluster; unusual for Singapore Airlines. Tall individuals will not like the business class seats." Pros: "Crew were very good. Cabin was also much better than Qantas premium economy cabin." Cons: "Had premium economy seat. Not the most comfortable on the tailbone for some reason." Pros: "Cabin crew knew how to work." Cons: "So surprisingly, the cabin was dirty and the seat comfort was below expectation." Pros: "Crew" Cons: "Short and sweet. Flight left on time and landed about 15 mins early. Crew was wonderful" Pros: "As a frequent flyer, I have found out that the few dollars i spend more on SQ is well worth it" Pros: "They treated you like you were important and really took care of my every need" Cons: "Getting on a cattle car to go to another terminal and then get in line again to go on the plane" Pros: "Basics are covered. TV screen is big but otherwise nothing special." Cons: "It is so annoying they want you to pay an extra $20 to pre book any seat. If you need the extra $20 that much, charge me in the original fare! Don't nickel and dime me. At check in they couldn't even get my child seated beside me although a change was made last minute at the gate. Every other airline I've flown recently was better. Sri Lankan and Emirates FAR better service." Cons: "The food was terrible. Only one option and I didn't like it." Pros: "The crew was exceptional! They were very friendly and helpful. The food was much better than I expected. The overall experience was great!" Pros: "Never heard of Eva air, highly recommend. The plane itself was very comfortable, many amenities provided. Staff was very friendly and helpful." Pros: "nothing" Cons: "airport personells are rude and lazy. airline seats are very unconfortable. flight attendants not very a comodating to seniors like me" Pros: "Despite the short flight, they still served a delicious meal! Great movie and music selections. Would definitely fly them again." Pros: "Courteous crew ever, food was good, service was excellent. On time departure." Pros: "Very friendly and attentive flight attendants, they made the 12.5 hour flight very enjoyable. Good selection of in flight movies as well." Cons: "I didn’t like the last meal that they served. It’s fish fillet with tomato sauce and no other option." Pros: "Was quite nice for a two hour flight. They gave us a free meal again." Cons: "Nothing I didn't like." Pros: "Everything was Hello Kitty. I didn’t expect that but I loved it" Cons: "The crew at check in was really inconsiderate and has given us false information! Despite of what documents were required and submitted I was not allowed to board the plane." Pros: "Crew was wonderful. Comfortable seat with nice meal. Overall loved it" Pros: "The check-in crew in Chicago was very nice and efficient. The flight crew on-board were not friendly, they were very curt and rushed, and did not go out of their way to be helpful." Cons: "Friendlier staff during the flight. Better food for breakfast. The connection port for my headphones did not work...I would not have been able to watch movies if I hadn't brought my own single connection head phones." Pros: "Food is delicious" Cons: "Paid WIFI this time was horrible for the half of the trip WIFI don’t work" Pros: "The aircraft was comfortable and the electronic amenities were decent and needs improvement" Cons: "Free WiFi and Dancing boys" Pros: "I was at airport 1 hour before the flight time But they already closed the gate, and I missed the flight, and my return flight is gone too Omg to much for me" Cons: "I wish you can do something for me Because the tickets is really expensive" Cons: "Slow boarding while passengers stand in the queue, late take off" Pros: "This was my first experience with Qatar & it was outstanding. Crew members are extremely courteous & helpful. The aircraft seats in economy class were roomy & comfortable. Bathrooms were kept clean throughout the long flight. Food was very good as was the selection of flight entertainment. Can't thi" Pros: "Qsuite is the best flight experience I've ever had by a long, long way." Pros: "The crew was very friendly and helpful throughout the flight" Cons: "The boarding process in Chicago wasn’t great. Zones were not used" Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 Qatar Airways8.2 Book cheap flights from Chicago to Manila Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Chicago to Manila found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/25gio 2 stops 55h 17mORD-MNL $536 Search 1/25gio 2 stops 55h 17mORD-MNL $537 Search 5/8mer 1 stopTurkish Airlines 35h 10mORD-MNL $683 Search 1/22lun 1 stopTurkish Airlines 31h 40mORD-MNL $687 Search 2/8gio 1 stopEVA Air 28h 20mORD-MNL $701 Search 3/26mar 1 stopEVA Air 33h 20mORD-MNL $728 Search 1/14dom 1 stopANA 31h 10mORD-MNL $998 Search 12/8ven 1 stopKorean Air 34h 30mORD-MNL $1,041 Search 12/7gio 2 stopsANA 40h 25mORD-MNL $1,050 Search 12/12mar 1 stopKorean Air 34h 30mORD-MNL $1,084 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTurkish AirlinesEVA AirANAKorean Air Search by price$540 or less$690 or less$730 or less$1,040 or less$1,080 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to Manila Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Chicago to Manila that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3dom multi-stopCathay Pacific 26h 20mORD-MNL 12/5mar multi-stopCathay Pacific 19h 00mMNL-ORD $1,293 Search 12/5mar multi-stopEVA Air 28h 20mORD-MNL 12/20mer multi-stopEVA Air 38h 55mMNL-ORD $1,300 Search 12/5mar multi-stop 48h 10mORD-MNL 3/1ven multi-stop 21h 35mMNL-ORD $1,372 Search 12/5mar multi-stop 35h 25mORD-MNL 3/4lun multi-stop 45h 01mMNL-ORD $1,385 Search 12/3dom multi-stopKorean Air 34h 30mORD-MNL 12/5mar multi-stopKorean Air 23h 10mMNL-ORD $1,614 Search 12/3dom multi-stopKorean Air 34h 30mORD-MNL 12/24dom multi-stopKorean Air 31h 01mMNL-ORD $1,626 Search 12/2sab multi-stopUnited Airlines 46h 00mORD-MNL 12/20mer multi-stopUnited Airlines 33h 00mMNL-ORD $1,693 Search 12/5mar multi-stopANA 40h 25mORD-MNL 12/22ven multi-stopANA 33h 28mMNL-ORD $1,711 Search 12/2sab multi-stopUnited Airlines 46h 00mORD-MNL 12/19mar multi-stopUnited Airlines 43h 39mMNL-ORD $1,716 Search 12/5mar multi-stopANA 24h 55mORD-MNL 3/7gio multi-stopANA 23h 03mMNL-ORD $1,805 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineCathay PacificEVA AirKorean AirUnited AirlinesANA Search by price$1,300 or less$1,390 or less$1,630 or less$1,710 or less$1,810 or less Chicago O'Hare Airport - Manila Flights Departure: Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD)United States Destination: Manila (MNL)Philippines Return flight deals: Manila - Chicago O'Hare Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Manila Business Class flights to Manila Prem Econ Class flights to Manila Economy Class flights to Manila Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $839Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Manila Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Philippines » Manila $839Flights to Manila, Manila Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Manila flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Manila from Chicago O'Hare Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Manila from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.