Cheap Flights to Hawaii from $84 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights to Hawaii from $84 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Hawaii ...and more Latest Hawaii Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULARHonolulu From Los Angeles 1 stop from $155 Search Flights From San Francisco 1 stop from $172 Search Flights From Seattle 1 stop from $210 Search Flights Kahului From San Francisco 1 stop from $175 Search Flights From Los Angeles Nonstop from $176 Search Flights From Seattle 1 stop from $216 Search Flights Kailua-Kona From San Francisco 1 stop from $178 Search Flights From Los Angeles Nonstop from $187 Search Flights From Seattle 1 stop from $216 Search Flights Lihue From Los Angeles 1 stop from $187 Search Flights From San Francisco Nonstop from $197 Search Flights From Seattle 1 stop from $256 Search Flights Hilo From Honolulu 1 stop from $143 Search Flights Hoolehua From Honolulu 1 stop from $130 Search Flights From Kahului Nonstop from $163 Search Flights Good to know Low season November High season July Cheapest flight $84 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 8% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 20% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Honolulu FAQs - booking Hawaii flights I’m traveling to Big Island. Which airport should I choose when booking flights to Hawaii? The best airport for passengers traveling to Big Island will probably depend on the reason for your trip. If you’re going mainly for the resorts and beaches on the West Kona side, then the best airport is Kona International Airport. If you’re going for the Hawaii Volcanoes National Park, then the best airport is Hilo International Airport. I want to hike in Hawaii. Which island should I travel to? Kauai, Big Island, Molokai, Oahu, and Maui are the best islands in Hawaii for hiking. Big Island, Oahu, and Maui are all served by major international airports with nonstop flights from the continent. Kauai and Molokai also have airports, but travelers from the States will need to travel to Honolulu (in Oahu) first, and then take an inter-island flight to their final destination. How can I travel from the Honolulu airport to Waikiki beach? Waikiki Beach is less than 20 min from the Honolulu Airport. You can travel by private shuttle ($18 per person on average), taxi ($30 per ride on average), or you can use a rideshare service ($23-30 per ride on average). If you’re planning on exploring the island beyond Waikiki, you can rent a car at the airport. You’ll find offices for Avis, Budget, Hertz, National, and Enterprise at the baggage claim area. Which airports in Hawaii are closer to the beach? The airports in Hawaii closest to the beach are Daniel K. Inouye International Airport in Honolulu on Oahu island (13 min to Ala Moana Beach Park), Kona International Airport on Big Island (7 min to Wawaloli Beach Park), and Kahului Airport on Maui island (6 min to Kanaha Beach Park). How long is the flight to Hawaii? An average nonstop flight from the United States to Hawaii takes 8h 03m, covering a distance of 3356 miles. The most popular route is Los Angeles - Honolulu with an average flight time of 5h 40m. What is the cheapest flight to Hawaii? The cheapest ticket to Hawaii from the United States found in the last 72 hours was $34 one-way, and $161 round-trip. The most popular route is from Los Angeles to Honolulu and the cheapest round-trip airline ticket found on this route in the last 72 hours was $164. Which airlines fly to Hawaii? United Airlines, Alaska Airlines & Korean Air fly the most frequently from the United States to Hawaii. What are the most popular destinations in Hawaii? The next most popular destinations are Kahului (14%) and Kailua-Kona (12%). Searches for flights to Lihue (12%), to Hilo (2%) and to Kapalua (0.7%) are also popular. How does KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a given destination and date is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Hawaii Looking for cheap airfare to Hawaii? 25% of our users found tickets to Hawaii for the following prices or less: From Honolulu $67 one-way - $125 round-trip, from Los Angeles $151 one-way - $240 round-trip, from New York John F Kennedy Intl $310 one-way - $619 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be June and July. The cheapest month to fly from the United States is January. Enter your preferred departure airport and travel dates into the search form above to unlock the latest Hawaii flight deals. If you’re looking for beach- and family-friendly destinations when booking your flights to Hawaii, look for flights into the islands of Kauai, Big Island, Maui, and Oahu. They are served by Lihue Airport (LIH), Kona International Airport (KOA) and Hilo International Airport (ITO), Kahului Airport (OGG), and Daniel K. Inouye International Airport (HNL), respectively. If you want to take your time exploring the islands, you can fly from the mainland into Daniel K. Inouye International Airport in Honolulu on Oahu island, and then take domestic flights to the other islands. Hawaiian Airlines and Southwest are two of the companies that operate inter-island flights. Most first-time travelers to Hawaii choose Maui as their destination, but keep in mind that there are fewer nonstop flights from the continental US landing at Maui’s Kahului Airport. Most flights from the mainland connect via the Honolulu airport on Oahu island. If you’re planning to go on whale-watching tours, look for flights to Hawaii on the island of Kauai. Although practically every island is excellent for whale-watching activities, Kauai has a greater range of possible spotting locations. For golfers, Hawaii means golf courses that are as gorgeous as they are high-quality. If you don’t know where to start, consider traveling to the airport of Oahu. With 37 golf clubs, it’s the island with the most golf courses in America’s 50th state. See more tips Top 5 airlines flying to HawaiiNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from the United States to Hawaii? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19621 reviews 78food 79entertainment 82overall 82comfort 83boarding 86crew Airline reviews Drinks and snacks provided. TV had a lot of entertainment options. Plane was fairly comfortable. Staff was less than pleasant.Read more about JetBlue Drinks and snacks provided. TV had a lot of entertainment options. Plane was fairly comfortable. Staff was less than pleasant. Pros: "Just overall solid experience, especially considering how terrible other airlines have become" Pros: "Leg room was amazing, WiFi was great and entertainment selection was wonderful." Cons: "Our flight was delayed about 30-45 minutes. Would have been perfect if on time." Cons: "The Gate & the boarding process, The Landing was with enormous ears pressure" Cons: "Therer were four different planes listed leaving at my gate at one time. I was eventually moved two times to different gates. Outbound flight delayed almost an hour and the terminal was extremely overcrowded. Return flight was delayed almost four hours. No notifications made of delay prior to arriva" Pros: "Crew and amenities were great. Loved the snack and food options and the warm towel upon landing!" Cons: "Takeoff was delayed by 30 mins and we taxiied on the runway for about 30 mins after landing" Pros: "All fine except that entertainment was curtailed becasue of flying to Cuba" Pros: "The crew was professional" Cons: "Everything was terrible. Between my flights going and coming within two days I spent upwards of 4 hrs in delays." Pros: "The flight being over" Cons: "Having to sit next to a non-working flight attendant who decided to fly sick, wouldn't even use a tissue, sneezed and coughed over and over and literally sniffled every few seconds for the entire flight. Also, I really enjoyed paying extra for priority boarding and a seat in the front row and ending up with my suitcase right rows back because of inconsiderate people." Pros: "Everything especially legroom in coach and snacks" Cons: "My wife and I were assigned seats in separate rows" Pros: "It was ok" Cons: "Stop charging for wifi. Jet blue has free wifi on domestic flight" Cons: "Usual complaints - chaos boarding and deplaning, poor entertainment options for free, headset not working. Had to deplane by stairs - we were parked next to an unused jetway." Pros: "Some crew were friendly." Cons: "Your seats and leg room are terrible...but you already know that. I am not at all overweight but I am tall and I dread 9 hours in your planes. Fortunately I was able to move to an exit row (without paying over $100 that your company wanted to charge me)." Pros: "Responsive and helpful crew. Comfortable seating." Cons: "More snacks; maybe coffee or a second round of refreshments. Not much, really; it was a great experience under the circumstances." Pros: "They were very apologetic about all of the delays and they tried to make it up to us the best they could." Cons: "Having a plane that was properly prepared to fly. Not stealing my Lemoncello Cream and tape measure." Cons: "Bathroom needs fixing as toilets were not working. Planes kept getting cancelled. I never have problems with southwest" Pros: "Crew was kind & friendly. They found my wife and I empty seats where we could stretch out. Food was great too. No complaints." Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Ok trip" Cons: "Could not watch movies on app or website.. “technical dificulties” made the trip longer and dull" Pros: "Very cool touchscreen players on the back of each seat." Cons: "The lights were on 90% of the flight...a night flight." Pros: "Checking in and boarding the plane went fast and smoothly. The crew was very kind and friendly." Cons: "I wish American offered more vegan and wheat/ gluten free options, as well as herbal tea options. I was determined to sleep during this flight, but I was hoping this plane would have the TV behind the chair. I enjoy watching the live map as we’re flying." Check in and boarding were very easy. Quite good food and a complimentary glass of wine with dinner. The acoustics on the TV difficult at times, and the options extensive though not very updated. If other people in flight, followed instructions and were much cleaner. Pros: "The crew was pretty nice" Cons: "My toddler wasn’t issued a ticket like he should have been so it ended up taking me a long time to check in. I had to sit next to another passenger with a toddler on my lap. Multiple rows had 3 passengers." Pros: "Got on the plane easily and quickly. Great movie selection" Cons: "Very cramped seating" Pros: "On time flight" Cons: "Gate agent at SF was rude and unprofessional. While waiting, gate agent at gate 65, flight 647 started the following, “group 1 boarding, group 2 boarding...everybody, let’s go let’s go”. She went on to call out one, Hispanic customer with limited English, “come here, you can board now”, rude rude." Cons: "For being a red-eye flight, it was very annoying to have some of the crew members in the back carrying on and laughing very very loudly." Pros: "On time, friendly crew." Cons: "Even though we reserved well in advanced my wife and I got middle seats in different rows. Fortunately, we both got aisle seats (the last ones available) but of course in different rows when we signed in for our tickets." Pros: "I upgraded to premium economy and was glad I did. Extra space and and empty chair next to me." Cons: "For a 9 hour flight, food wasn't filling nor was there enough. I wouldn't have even minded paying a little extra for snacks but a small dinner and small sandwich as a snack was all there was. Plenty of drinks though. My day did not recline all the way, I only got it to move an inch or so." Pros: "Very happy United had a vegan option for dinner. Wasn't the most delicious food in the world, but airplane food seldom is and I was very happy to even have had an option." Cons: "This was a 5 hour flight that was overnight, but the crew turned all of the lights on for dinner service and then turned them all on again for a breakfast service. I was stuck next to a kid who was kicking me every two seconds, one of the crew members kept hitting me with the food cart (my elbow was on the arm rest, not sticking out into the aisle). All in all, I got absolutely no sleep, so I was delirious and miserable once I landed in London." Pros: "Fast and effective. On time and crew was nice and helpful." Cons: "No food, you had to buy food. All they have was pretzels and drinks. Seems like service airlines offer now are worse and prices are not any lower!!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "After we boarded and closed the door they delayed the flight missing our connecting flight and any flight home for days. No compensation for a hotel or rental car." Pros: "Not much!!" Cons: "Extra bag fees that Frontier charges are as close to legalized robbery that I have ever experienced." Pros: "Affordable pricing, plane itself seemed to be in good condition. All of the crew was pleasant except one employee." Cons: "I was embarrassed by the crew member as I was finding my seat. She asked if I had relation to the gentleman who I was to be sat next to. Once he and I replied no, they began laughing. I asked what was so funny and another guest said "it's going to be a long flight", to which she replied "Maybe you will, but I won't." She also told me that I couldn't keep my 11 month old child in the carrier but failed to mention she's only not permitted in the carrier during take off and landing. This also made for an uncomfortable ride. Had these things not occurred I would given this flight a much higher rating." Pros: "I was a little hesitant that I could pay under $100 for a round trip flight from Charlotte to Philadelphia. I was pleasantly surprised by the entire experience. My bags even beat me down to the bag check!" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "How fast we boarded" Cons: "We had an hour delay due to maintenance issues, they kept us in the plane for an hour without ac. A lot of turbulence throughout the flight. Very shaky. One of the worst flights I’ve been in. :(" Pros: "I flew to Tampa dor a second opinion doctor visit. My second set of clothes for tomorrow came out of my bag because you get nickeled and dimed and then have to shove your " personal item(s) under your small seat...and iI am small ( 5'2 112 lbs)... now I do not have any clothes till I fly back home. I tried reaching Frontier- ni return call. I filled out form- nothing. I am honestly just so upset. I have never been in this situation and I do not know how to get my belongings returned." Cons: "See above" Cons: "Had the AC cranked. Asked for a blanket and the attendant laughed like airplanes never carry those." Pros: "Straight forward and no nonsense. First time flown with Frontier and probably the last. It felt more like taking a rocket bus than a typical plane. There was no issue with the flight. This truly is a great option depending on your expectations." Cons: "Seats! Oh god the seats were brutal. White plastic lawn chairs compare" Pros: "Not much" Cons: "Cost of bags, not understanding person in terminal during boarding, plane seats; I keep saying we will NOT Frontier again. I must have been desperate." Pros: "Reasonable prices" Cons: "Very upset that we had to pay for our check-in luggage, the plane was freezing, seating is tight, no tv, and you had to pay for snacks & drinks. It was the worst experience and will never fly again on Frontier Airlines." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Seat comfort was terrible Zero entertainment. Food options were awful. Charged 130 usd for check-in bag. That’s worse than any company I ever flew with. And not even cheap" Pros: "Good legroom, they waited for the late passengers(it wasn’t just me!)" Cons: "Free bev" Cons: "The worst turbulence I’ve encountered. I would maybe chalk it up to weather conditions but the landing, in near no wind and sunny skies, was just as bad" Pros: "Quick and easy. First leg of trip had a plane that was spacious and clean." Cons: "First leg of trip had delays, the tug cart ran out of power and we had to wait for another to come back the plane up, then a passenger had a medical emergency and we had to taxi back to the gate to offload the passenger. The company charges for everything so the ticket comes out to being the same as any other airline." Cons: "There was about an hour delay, which put me very behind for my drive back to midland. I just wish there was better communication." Pros: "Cut the line off to check in an hour before take off, although I was only 2 minutes late and could have gone to the kiosk if it wasn't such a mob scene...had to pay$100 for a new same day price, as well as $50 for the same carry on I have been using on all other flights for 3 years. This airline is a racket, and I will never use them again." Pros: "It was a short flight to Vegas no real issues twitch the flight crew." Cons: "The people taking your tickets at the gate just were not happy." Pros: "The diect flight" Cons: "Additional cost. There wrre no savings by flying w/spirit. $52 to check lugguage plus $30 additional if ovet 40lbs. $82 total. Will not fly again if luggage needed" Cons: "The destination and the origin were reversed on this reservation. I called to make the change and Spirit agents would not and could not make the change. Therefore, I paid for a flight I could not use and the agent on the phone was very rude. I will never fly Spirit or use Kayak again. I also will be cancelling my Spirit Credit card." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Everything that Spirit has done has been mediocre. I bought a ticket for my employee to fly to New Orleans and he showed up at the kiosk 40 minutes before the flight and was not able to get on so I had to pay $15 to reschedule for today and he showed up at the same time and still they said that their computers were down and they couldn't check anybody in and there's multiple people angry that they're boarding passes want working and so now we have to figure out how he can get to New Orleans and actually make it there. It'll be three days of not being able to get there because of spirits unethical and subpar customer service. I will never choose to fly Spirit again after this" JetBlue8.1 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book Cheap Hawaii Plane Tickets Recent one-way flight deals 2/6Tue 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 7h 58mLAX-HNL $84 Search 1/25Thu 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 8h 17mLAX-HNL $85 Search 2/22Thu nonstopDelta 6h 02mLAX-HNL $95 Search 1/6Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 51mSFO-HNL $99 Search 1/25Thu nonstopDelta 6h 19mLAX-LIH $99 Search 3/20Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 32mSFO-HNL $105 Search 2/23Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 11h 44mSAN-HNL $108 Search 1/17Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 12h 44mSEA-OGG $108 Search 2/28Wed nonstopJetBlue 6h 10mONT-HNL $194 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 6h 05mONT-HNL $211 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesJetBlue Search by price$90 or less$100 or less$110 or less$110 or less$210 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 2/4Sun 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 8h 22mLAX-HNL 2/13Tue 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 7h 15mHNL-LAX $155 Search 1/14Sun 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 7h 58mLAX-HNL 1/25Thu 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 7h 33mHNL-LAX $163 Search 2/1Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 02mLAX-HNL 2/12Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 35mHNL-LAX $180 Search 2/2Fri 1 stopDelta 11h 23mLAX-HNL 2/14Wed nonstopDelta 5h 36mHNL-LAX $185 Search 2/7Wed nonstopDelta 6h 21mLAX-LIH 2/11Sun nonstopDelta 5h 34mLIH-LAX $188 Search 2/28Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 13mLAX-HNL 3/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 30mHNL-LAX $190 Search 1/12Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 50mLAX-HNL 1/18Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 26mHNL-LAX $197 Search 1/29Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 9h 16mSFO-HNL 1/30Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 16mHNL-SFO $201 Search 1/26Fri nonstopJetBlue 6h 10mONT-HNL 2/2Fri nonstopJetBlue 5h 35mHNL-ONT $396 Search 3/6Wed nonstopJetBlue 6h 15mONT-HNL 3/12Tue nonstopJetBlue 5h 35mHNL-ONT $397 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesJetBlue Search by price$160 or less$190 or less$190 or less$200 or less$400 or less Last minute flights to Hawaii Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/5Tue multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 9h 15mLAX-HNL 12/12Tue multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 9h 35mHNL-LAX $213 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 53mLAX-HNL 12/12Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 33mHNL-LAX $220 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 5h 55mLAX-HNL 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 5h 31mHNL-LAX $246 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 5h 55mLAX-HNL 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 5h 32mHNL-LAX $251 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 50mSFO-HNL 12/25Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 15mHNL-SFO $262 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 14mLAX-HNL 12/14Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 32mHNL-LAX $271 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 38mLAX-HNL 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 04mHNL-LAX $293 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 29mLAX-HNL 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 9h 17mHNL-LAX $303 Search 12/2Sat nonstopJetBlue 6h 05mONT-HNL 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 5h 30mHNL-ONT $424 Search 12/1Fri nonstopJetBlue 6h 05mONT-HNL 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 5h 30mHNL-ONT $469 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaAlaska AirlinesUnited AirlinesJetBlue Search by price$220 or less$250 or less$270 or less$300 or less$470 or less Flights to Hawaii Return flight deals: Hawaii - United States Cabin classes: $237 First Class flights to Hawaii $480 Business Class flights to Hawaii $352 Prem Econ Class flights to Hawaii $55 Economy Class flights to Hawaii Browse origins: Flights » United States $516Flights from Alabama to Hawaii $357Flights from Alaska to Hawaii $239Flights from Arizona to Hawaii $576Flights from Arkansas to Hawaii $161Flights from California to Hawaii $265Flights from Colorado to Hawaii $426Flights from Connecticut to Hawaii $381Flights from District of Columbia to Hawaii $325Flights from Florida to Hawaii $314Flights from Georgia to Hawaii Flights from Hana to Hawaii Flights from Hilo to Hawaii Flights from Honolulu to Hawaii Flights from Hoolehua to Hawaii $280Flights from Idaho to Hawaii $312Flights from Illinois to Hawaii $445Flights from Indiana to Hawaii $472Flights from Iowa to Hawaii Flights from Kahului to Hawaii Flights from Kailua-Kona to Hawaii $355Flights from Kansas to Hawaii Flights from Kapalua to Hawaii Flights from Kaua'i to Hawaii $399Flights from Kentucky to Hawaii Flights from Lanai City to Hawaii Flights from Lihue to Hawaii $320Flights from Louisiana to Hawaii $466Flights from Maine to Hawaii $294Flights from Maryland to Hawaii $359Flights from Massachusetts to Hawaii Flights from Maui to Hawaii $335Flights from Michigan to Hawaii $324Flights from Minnesota to Hawaii $526Flights from Mississippi to Hawaii $355Flights from Missouri to Hawaii $336Flights from Montana to Hawaii $373Flights from Nebraska to Hawaii $221Flights from Nevada to Hawaii $359Flights from New Hampshire to Hawaii $358Flights from New Mexico to Hawaii $301Flights from New York State to Hawaii Flights from New York to Hawaii $351Flights from North Carolina to Hawaii $564Flights from North Dakota to Hawaii Flights from O'ahu to Hawaii $294Flights from Ohio to Hawaii $420Flights from Oklahoma to Hawaii $228Flights from Oregon to Hawaii $371Flights from Pennsylvania to Hawaii Flights from Philadelphia to Hawaii $396Flights from Rhode Island to Hawaii $351Flights from South Carolina to Hawaii $499Flights from South Dakota to Hawaii $297Flights from Tennessee to Hawaii $266Flights from Texas to Hawaii Flights from The Big Island to Hawaii $250Flights from Utah to Hawaii $484Flights from Vermont to Hawaii $403Flights from Virginia to Hawaii Flights from Waimea (Kamuela) to Hawaii $247Flights from Washington to Hawaii $560Flights from West Virginia to Hawaii $446Flights from Wisconsin to Hawaii $265Flights from Wyoming to Hawaii Flights from Yellowstone National Park to Hawaii View more Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Hawaii $98Flights to Hana, Hawaii $77Flights to Hilo, Hawaii $77Flights to Honolulu, Hawaii $154Flights to Hoolehua, Hawaii $77Flights to Kahului, Hawaii $77Flights to Kailua, Hawaii $77Flights to Kailua-Kona, Hawaii $111Flights to Kapalua, Hawaii $77Flights to Kaua'i, Hawaii $135Flights to Lanai City, Hawaii $77Flights to Lihue, Hawaii $77Flights to Maui, Hawaii $154Flights to Moloka'i, Hawaii $77Flights to O'ahu, Hawaii $77Flights to The Big Island, Hawaii $91Flights to Waimea (Kamuela), Hawaii View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Hawaii flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Hawaii from anywhere in United States. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Hawaii from anywhere in United States. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.