Cheap Flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson from C$ 50 | (YWG - YYZ) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YWG - YYZ Find cheap flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport from C$ 50 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 13/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Toronto Pearson Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Winnipeg to Toronto. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Winnipeg to Toronto. How much is the cheapest flight from Winnipeg to Pearson Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Winnipeg to Pearson Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:20 p.m. - 3:59 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 39mdirect 4:55 p.m. - 6:54 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 59mdirect C$ 71Lynx Air Find Deal Wed, 13 Dec - Sun, 7 Jan 12:20 p.m. - 3:59 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 39mdirect 5:30 p.m. - 7:15 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 45mdirect C$ 72 Find Deal Mon, 15 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 8:00 p.m. - 11:35 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 35mdirect 5:30 p.m. - 7:15 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 45mdirect C$ 87Flair Airlines Find Deal Sun, 14 Jan - Sun, 21 Jan 8:00 p.m. - 11:35 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 35mdirect 5:30 p.m. - 7:15 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 45mdirect C$ 93Flair Airlines Find Deal Mon, 19 Feb - Fri, 1 Mar 4:25 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 35mdirect 8:20 a.m. - 10:09 a.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 49mdirect C$ 123Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 20 Feb - Thu, 29 Feb 8:15 p.m. - 11:44 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 29mdirect 8:50 a.m. - 10:39 a.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 49mdirect C$ 126WestJet Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Sat, 20 Jan 6:30 p.m. - 10:05 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 35mdirect 3:55 p.m. - 5:39 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 44mdirect C$ 128Porter Airlines Find Deal Tue, 9 Jan - Tue, 12 Mar 6:30 p.m. - 10:05 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 35mdirect 11:00 a.m. - 12:44 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 44mdirect C$ 132Porter Airlines Find Deal Tue, 6 Feb - Thu, 8 Feb 7:00 p.m. - 10:35 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 35mdirect 10:00 a.m. - 11:44 a.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 44mdirect C$ 135Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 16 Feb - Sun, 25 Feb 7:45 p.m. - 6:07 a.m.YWG-YYZ 9h 22m1 stop 8:50 a.m. - 10:45 a.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 55mdirect C$ 187WestJet Find Deal Sat, 3 Feb - Sun, 4 Feb Show more results Flights from Winnipeg to Pearson Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Winnipeg to Pearson Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is May, where tickets cost C$ 145 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 356 and C$ 276 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 59 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for C$ 96 on Lynx Air, followed by Flair Airlines (C$ 118). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as C$ 50 on Lynx Air and from C$ 53 on Flair Airlines. Which airlines fly direct between Winnipeg and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. There are 5 airlines that fly direct from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Flair Airlines, Lynx Air, Porter Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Porter Airlines at C$ 89. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Winnipeg and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 8 and 14 nonstop flights that take off from Winnipeg and land in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 2h 33m. The most common departure time is 12:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 71 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Winnipeg and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport take? A direct flight to Toronto Pearson Airport will take on average 2h 23m to travel the 2,419 km flying distance from Winnipeg. What’s the earliest departure time from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Winnipeg at 5:00 am and will be landing in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 8:34 am. What’s the latest departure time from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport jets off at 8:15 pm and lands at 11:46 pm. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 50 Best time to beat the crowds (1% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (23% more expensive on average) Flight from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport When to book flights from Winnipeg to Pearson Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Winnipeg to Pearson Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport flights Which airlines flying from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson International Airport offer eco-friendly travel? Flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson release about 1005 kg of carbon per passenger. However, you can take eco-friendly flights on this route. Consider flying Lynx Air flights with the least carbon emissions by 48%. You can also fly Air Canada, WestJet, and Flair Airlines, offering eco-friendly travel from YWG to YYZ. Are there flights with layovers from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson International Airport? Different airlines flying from Winnipeg to YYZ offer flights with layovers. Depending on your preference, you can have more than one layover on this route. The number of layovers you have depend on your airline and the layover city you choose. Some common layovers for single-layover flights include Calgary, Ottawa, Edmonton, Vancouver and Montreal. Is Toronto Pearson International Airport an airline hub? YYZ is a hub for Air Canada, Porter Airlines, and WestJet and also serves as a focus city for Air Transat, Canada Jetlines, Swoop, Lynx Air, and Flair Airlines. By flying into YYZ from Winnipeg, you can easily connect to international and domestic destinations, including Calgary and Edmonton. Being a central hub, the airport also serves daily flights from Winnipeg, making it ideal to choose a flight suited to your schedule. What ground transportation options do I have from Toronto Pearson International Airport to downtown? One of the best transit options from YYZ to the downtown area is the bus, as the airport is well-connected to the bus system. The buses are available on ground level in Terminal 1 and Arrival level in Terminal 3. You can also get a long-distance bus to Ontario and across the US border at YYZ. You can also opt for the Union Pearson Express trains, offering transit to downtown from the airport in about 25 minutes departing the airport after every 15 minutes. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport? Air Canada, Jazz, WestJet Encore, WestJet, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport? The Boeing 737-800 (Scimitar Winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Winnipeg and Toronto Pearson Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport? There are direct flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Winnipeg to Toronto, WestJet or Porter Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Winnipeg to Toronto are WestJet and Porter Airlines. With an average price for the route of C$ 286 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Porter Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 233 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Toronto Pearson Airport from Winnipeg is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Toronto Pearson Airport with an airline and back to Winnipeg with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Toronto Pearson Airport from Winnipeg up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Winnipeg to Toronto Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 98 or less one-way and C$ 216 or less round-trip. Winnipeg, Canada has one international airport - Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG) - offering domestic and international travel. When traveling to Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ), your origin airport will be YWG. YYZ mainly serves the Mississauga region in Canada. If you are heading to nearby cities - including Etobicoke, Bolton, and Brampton - consider flying into YYZ, the primary airport serving these cities. If you are flying Air Canada, the airline has a Maple Leaf Lounge in YYZ Terminal 1 in multiple locations accessible using Maple Leaf Club membership or pay-per-use for every Air Canada ticket holder. The lounge offers business services in case you need to catch up on work, and complimentary food and beverages. If you are flying from Winnipeg to YYZ with a pet, consider flying Air Canada, which allows passengers to travel with pets as checked baggage, in the cabin, or even as cargo at an extra cost. When traveling with a pet on Air Canada in the cabin, the pet - either cat or dog - must have a weight not exceeding 10 kg, including the carrier. If flying an unaccompanied minor from Winnipeg to YYZ, consider booking Air Canada, allowing kids between 5 to 11 years to fly unaccompanied. However, unaccompanied minors can only fly non-stop flights. Ensure you accompany the child to check-in and provide the legal information of the person to pick up the minor at YYZ. The minor must have a birth certificate or passport for identification and the unaccompanied minor form throughout the journey. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Winnipeg to Pearson Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +19 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Tuesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +19 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Thursday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Friday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +20 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Saturday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +18 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Toronto Pearson Intl to Winnipeg Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +18 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Thursday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Saturday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Winnipeg to Pearson Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Winnipeg to Toronto. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Winnipeg to Pearson Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 80overall 81boarding 84crew 70entertainment 71food 77comfort Airline reviews Understood that Premium domestic passengers had access to the Plaza Lounge at Winnipeg, James Richardson Airport. Not the case. Not a good start to the trip. Generally fly Business Class on Air Canada which includes access to the Maple Leaf Lounge. All future flights will be with Air Canada.Read more about WestJet Understood that Premium domestic passengers had access to the Plaza Lounge at Winnipeg, James Richardson Airport. Not the case. Not a good start to the trip. Generally fly Business Class on Air Canada which includes access to the Maple Leaf Lounge. All future flights will be with Air Canada. Pros: "Very little" Cons: "Rough weather. Stopped delivering water and snacks. Seat belt off and no attempt to continue water and snacks for 20 minutes. Then started back at front again to those who had already been served once. When got to me no snacks offered. Had to ask." Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)" Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy" Pros: "Good legroom in premium economy, power outlets at all seats" Cons: "WiFi speed was terrible" Cons: "We missed the connection between the two flights. They booked me for a flight the next morning. They did not provide voucher or reimbursement for food or lodging." Pros: "Average" Cons: "Two of the most important things to me in travelling by air are getting through security as quick it’s possible ie the priory line; and a lounge. Traveling and paying for Plus provides neither. Back to Air Canada Business Class or AC Rouge Premium. Going to have to pick up your game WestJet" Cons: "Delays left us in the plane for almost 1 1/2 hours before leaving Toronto." Pros: "Nothing really." Cons: "The lady at the checkin desk volunteered me to check my carry on and told me that she would charge me if I didn’t comply. ( there was more than enough room on the plane for me to store it). The plane wreaked of poo the whole flight and it gave me a head ache, which my Tylenol was in my carry on that the lady forced me to check. And the flight was only supposed to be delayed 15 min, and we didn’t take off until 45 min later, which made us miss our connection. Very disappointing service/ flight from WestJet!" Pros: "The trip served its purpose in getting us from point A to B. Good" New jet. Lots of leg room. On time departure. Early arrival. Reasonable airfare. Excellent online experience. I had checked in online the day before but was instructed to collect our boarding passes when we arrived. I am not completely comfortable using the automated Kiosks and always enjoy the nostalgia of speaking with someone when checking in for a flight. Upon doing so however, we were immediately asked,"did you check in online already?" To which I replied, "yes, but we were asked to retrieve our boarding passes upon arrival." She then said, "that's what those machines over there are for. We really encourage people to use those." That unfortunately sparked a series of shortness and overall poor behavior in my opinion from the woman who checked us in. I understand it was early in the morning but I am always excited to experience flying and that interaction has unfortunately left a bitter taste in my mouth to the point I will forever now hesitate to book with Porter again. Thank you for taking the time to read this. Cheers, JD Everything was fantastic, by far the best airline experience in Canada 🇨🇦! Porter uses the intelligent and logical way of boarding a plane - from the back. Nothing , two weeks of dealing with booking glitches on porters side , as our main international carrier was fine ,we were assured. When we got to check in everything would be smooth , we were confirmed there would be no issues, guess what happened? After an hour and a half at check inn we were told there was technical glitch involving payment we may not be able to fly , which would have set off a catastrophic chain , the undue stress on my family was unbearable . They really communicated well advised well in advance of a delay. Contacted to tell me it was almost time to go and to do a check in. Porter, like most airlines, need to improve their baggage policies. In reality, there are no longer 'cheap flights' because passengers pay exorbitant baggage fees. Pros: "Great value. Free beverages including a small selection of beer, wine and whiskey. Otherwise no frills, no with, no entertainment. Short haul flights, no problem. Best bargain airline" Cons: "There is a fee to change your assigned seat US$10-20(?), regardless of whether it's a "better" seat. Fortunately, this trip our seats (family of three) were near where we wanted to be. But, it would have been disappointing to have to pay for each seat change for each leg, each way." Cons: "I booked this flight on Kayak. No mention at booking that this airlines has a ludicrous policy of charging $50 for a carry on bag!....wow!...last flight ever on Porter." Pros: "The cookies" Cons: "They bumped our flight for no reason and we sat for 3 extra hours in Toronto as several flights to our destination passed" Flight delayed and baggage claim in Toronto took almost an hour I did not complete a booking with kayak for this trip so cannot rate The power outlets for the entire row was not working Check in process was absolutely horrible. I've never had such a bad experience. They were say8ng I needed to complete a form rhey didn't even know what it was or what it was for. Then another Staff member was extremely rude to me for no reason. Started almost yelling at me and told me to stand back. I was not talking loud or rude at all and she just treated me terribly. I heard her treat others with attitude as well. Another one said we needed to all get on our flights on time so they didn't have to work overtime again!! As someone who works in Healthcare where you can be mandated overtime and redeployed I found this very unprofessional and unnecessary to tell all the customers this!! Pros: "Entertainment unit and comfort were standard 5/5 for both" Cons: "Boarding a massive 777 is difficult but some how other airlines do it smoother. Not sure how boarding 3 zones at once makes sense, which created a long que. Plus a delayed plane didn’t help the matter Unnecessary comments by one crew member while passengers were putting away their luggage were over heard and provided no value to the situations. Cup of noodles and a 3 tiny pieces of beef plate were provided for dinner which was very disappointing. While a typical egg breakfast and snack were also provided. Hot beverages were generally not served due to turbulence and water service during the 12hr flight was minimal." Cons: "I don’t like the head games air Canada plays when they know the flight is probably not going to leave for three hours and they purposely don’t update the flight details. Only update every 20 minutes for a three hour delay...." Pros: "Plesant ride" Cons: "Flight took longer to depart due to boarding and de-icing" Pros: "Air Canada has one of the best buy on board menu's of any North American carrier. They even allow you to purchase Business Class meals (subject to availability of course). Flying on the older 767-300ER also has more shoulder and leg room than some of Air Canada's newer configurations for the 787 and 777." Cons: "Air Canada's boarding process is a bit frustrating. On American Airlines and United Flight attendants make announcements over the PA to (a) step out of the aisle to let people pass, and (b) place larger suitcases in the overhead and smaller bags under the seat. That way they try to ensure there is enough bin space to accommodate everyone. Passengers on Air Canada stuff everything in to the overhead bin and nothing under their seat, leaving little for those boarding after and delaying the flight because flight attendants are looking for bin space. If they were more pro-active, it would speed things up." Cons: "In the past Air Canada has been great. This past experience makes me never want to fly again. In-flight entertainment is the worst I have ever experienced on an international airline. Entertainment options were very limited, and it didn't work for most of the flight (crew tried resetting the system, to no avail). Crew were inattentive and seemed more focused on hanging out in the back of the airplane socializing with each other. Food was terrible, and I am generally pretty easily pleased when it comes to food. Return flight was delayed twice without any announcements or explanations in the boarding area. Flights were completely full and airplanes were old and uncomfortable. This flight was cheap for a reason. Pay the extra amount and fly another airline." Pros: "Your customers are nicer than your staff." Cons: "Firstly I will start with the lack of service we provided when trying to get seats together after checking in online. We rang and were told to try at the airport counter. Then at the airport counter we were told to try at the gate and then at the gate when I went to ask I was told to go get both tickets before they told us that there was no 2 seats together anyway rather than looking first. All whilst explaining this was our honeymoon and we would really like to sit together as husband and wife. Then once we boarded the guy sitting next to me was happy to swap seats with my wife as he had back problems and had asked for an aisle seat but was denied. Finally we are underway and I find that my entertainment touch screen doesn't work so even though it is one i can't select anything to watch. Plus to top it off the seat arm rest was broken. Obviously with a fairly full flight with no 2 seats together their wasn't much that could be done immediately but where is the maintenance and actual physical plane quality? Do your engineers or staff not check things? Overall dispite this being our national carrier I am ashamed to claim that. Many of our overseas visitors for the wedding from Australia and Europe also had similar complaints." Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Winnipeg to Toronto found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 13/12Wed directLynx Air 2h 39mYWG-YYZ C$ 37 Search 11/3Mon directFlair Airlines 2h 35mYWG-YYZ C$ 39 Search 14/1Sun directFlair Airlines 2h 35mYWG-YYZ C$ 43 Search 18/12Mon directLynx Air 2h 39mYWG-YYZ C$ 50 Search 1/2Thu directPorter Airlines 2h 33mYWG-YYZ C$ 60 Search 30/1Tue directPorter Airlines 2h 35mYWG-YYZ C$ 62 Search 12/12Tue directWestJet 2h 31mYWG-YYZ C$ 69 Search 14/12Thu directAir Canada 2h 35mYWG-YYZ C$ 82 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 2h 31mYWG-YYZ C$ 91 Search 4/1Thu directAir Canada 2h 35mYWG-YYZ C$ 138 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirFlair AirlinesPorter AirlinesWestJetAir Canada Search by priceC$ 40 or lessC$ 50 or lessC$ 60 or lessC$ 80 or lessC$ 140 or less Last minute flights from Winnipeg to Pearson Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Winnipeg to Toronto that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon direct 2h 39mYWG-YYZ 11/12Mon direct 2h 48mYYZ-YWG C$ 166 Search 4/12Mon directLynx Air 2h 39mYWG-YYZ 6/12Wed directLynx Air 2h 59mYYZ-YWG C$ 174 Search 1/12Fri directFlair Airlines 2h 35mYWG-YYZ 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 2h 45mYYZ-YWG C$ 184 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 2h 31mYWG-YYZ 8/12Fri directWestJet 2h 48mYYZ-YWG C$ 185 Search 4/12Mon direct 2h 39mYWG-YYZ 4/12Mon direct 2h 50mYYZ-YWG C$ 186 Search 4/12Mon directWestJet 2h 31mYWG-YYZ 8/12Fri directWestJet 2h 48mYYZ-YWG C$ 189 Search 3/12Sun directFlair Airlines 2h 35mYWG-YYZ 31/12Sun directFlair Airlines 2h 45mYYZ-YWG C$ 196 Search 1/12Fri direct 2h 39mYWG-YYZ 12/12Tue direct 2h 50mYYZ-YWG C$ 197 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 13h 06mYWG-YYZ 31/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 13h 44mYYZ-YWG C$ 1,213 Search 1/12Fri directAir Canada 2h 35mYWG-YYZ 4/12Mon multi-stopAir Canada 22h 42mYYZ-YWG C$ 1,225 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirFlair AirlinesWestJetAir Canada Search by priceC$ 170 or lessC$ 190 or lessC$ 190 or lessC$ 200 or lessC$ 1,230 or less Winnipeg - Toronto Pearson Airport Flights Departure: Winnipeg (YWG)Canada Destination: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Return flight deals: Toronto Pearson Airport - Winnipeg Cabin classes: First Class flights to Toronto C$ 1,488 Business Class flights to Toronto C$ 889 Prem Econ Class flights to Toronto C$ 99 Economy Class flights to Toronto Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Winnipeg C$ 96Flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 96Flights to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, Toronto Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Edmonton Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to Halifax Flights to Victoria Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Toronto Pearson Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Toronto Pearson Airport from Winnipeg. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Toronto Pearson Airport from Winnipeg. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.