Cheap Flights from Newark Airport to Athens from $260 | (EWR - ATH) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW EWR - ATH Find cheap flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens from $260 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/22. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Athens These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Athens. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Athens. How much is the cheapest flight from Newark to Athens?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Newark to Athens that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:50 pm - 5:10 pmEWR-ATH 15h 20m1 stop 6:00 pm - 1:15 pmATH-EWR 26h 15m1 stop $399Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Mon, Apr 8 - Tue, Apr 16 6:50 pm - 11:40 amEWR-ATH 33h 50m1 stop 6:00 pm - 1:15 pmATH-EWR 26h 15m1 stop $417Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 16 - Tue, Apr 23 5:35 pm - 12:40 pmEWR-ATH 12h 05m1 stop 1:30 pm - 1:35 pmATH-EWR 31h 05m2 stops $423Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Wed, Feb 28 10:05 pm - 4:40 pmEWR-ATH 11h 35m1 stop 5:40 pm - 8:25 pmATH-EWR 33h 45m1 stop $533SWISS Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Fri, Jan 19 10:05 pm - 4:40 pmEWR-ATH 11h 35m1 stop 7:05 am - 8:25 pmATH-EWR 20h 20m1 stop $540SWISS Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Sat, Jan 27 5:20 pm - 12:05 pmEWR-ATH 11h 45m1 stop 12:55 pm - 7:01 pmATH-EWR 13h 06m1 stop $541United Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Sun, Dec 17 5:20 pm - 12:05 pmEWR-ATH 11h 45m1 stop 1:25 pm - 2:15 pmATH-EWR 31h 50m1 stop $542United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 22 - Mon, Mar 4 6:10 pm - 1:15 pmEWR-ATH 12h 05m1 stop 12:55 pm - 7:05 pmATH-EWR 13h 10m1 stop $568Lufthansa Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Tue, Feb 6 6:10 pm - 4:10 pmEWR-ATH 15h 00m1 stop 7:15 am - 4:00 pmATH-EWR 15h 45m2 stops $570Lufthansa Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Sat, Jan 20 7:55 am - 1:35 pmEWR-ATH 22h 40m1 stop 8:00 pm - 2:00 pmATH-EWR 25h 00m1 stop $617British Airways Find Deal Sat, Dec 30 - Wed, Jan 10 Show more results Flights from Newark to Athens - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Newark to Athens to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens? The average price of all flights from Newark Airport to Athens clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens, you should consider leaving on a Wednesday and avoid Thursdays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Newark Liberty Airport, you’ll find the best rates on Wednesdays and the most expensive ones on Sundays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Newark Airport to Athens? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Newark Airport to Athens is January, where tickets cost $676 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,336 and $1,282 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Newark Airport to Athens? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Newark Airport to Athens, you should book around 1 day before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 5 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens found on KAYAK was with Scandinavian Airlines for $297. Scandinavian Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $399 and SWISS from $533. Which airlines fly non-stop between Newark Airport and Athens? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Newark Airport to Athens. There is just one airline that flies from Newark Airport to Athens direct and that is Emirates. The best one-way deal found from Emirates for the route is $683. How many flights are there between Newark Airport and Athens per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Newark Airport and lands in Athens, with an average flight time of 9h 15m. The most common departure time is 11:00 pm and most flights take off at night. Each week, there are 7 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Newark Airport and Athens? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens take? A direct flight to Athens will take on average 11h 35m to travel the 4,940 miles flying distance from Newark Liberty Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Newark Airport at 11:45 pm and will be landing in Athens at 4:00 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Newark Airport to Athens jets off at 11:45 pm and lands at 4:00 pm. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $260 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 23% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 40% increase in price. Flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens When to book flights from Newark to Athens Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Newark to Athens based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Newark Liberty Airport to Athens flights How can I catch the earliest flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens? Enjoy the ease of connecting to the airport for an early flight from EWR to Athens by spending the night before your flight at one of the nearby hotels. A good hotel to consider in this case is Hilton Newark Airport. In addition to being close by, the hotel offers free airport shuttles. What are the best airlines to book when flying from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens with kids? United Airlines and Qatar Airways should top the list of the airlines you should consider booking when flying to Athens from EWR with your young ones. In addition to having spacious seats and extra legroom in all their cabins, these airlines also provide priority boarding to all the parents accompanied by their kids. Which Newark airport sees the most passengers leaving for Athens? Newark Liberty Airport serves as the main entry point for travelers traveling into Athens from Newark. This is a result of the airport's convenient proximity to the main roads within the city and public transport alternatives. Which further nearby cities can be reached from Athens International Airport (ATH)? Several modes of transportation, including shared shuttles, taxis, and trains, can be easily used to get to cities outside Athens from ATH Airport. A variety of nearby cities, including Spata, Koropion, Kouvaras, and Rafina, are reachable by air from ATH Airport for passengers arriving from Newark Liberty Airport. When picking up their preferred rental cars from the Athens International Airport, what booster seat safety issues should travelers be aware of? Since Athens law forbids children under the age of eight from riding in the front seat of a moving vehicle, individuals who hire cars from ATH Airport must make sure that their children are always buckled up in the backseat. Upon arriving at Athens International Airport from Newark Liberty Airport, is it possible to go on a shopping spree? It is possible to go on a shopping spree after your plane from Newark Liberty Airport arrives at ATH Airport. At ATH Airport, travelers can choose from a wide selection of shops and outlets. For instance, the Factory Outlet – Airport is one such location where you may buy a range of items after arriving at ATH Airport. Which means of transportation are available from New York City to Newark Airport? Those heading to the airport from the city can get to Newark Airport quicker onboard the NJ Transit train, which departs from New York Penn Station and takes about 1h to reach the airport. The standard fare for the trip is around $15.25. Is Newark Airport disabled-friendly? Travelers in need of wheelchair services, electric carts, oxygen, or any special assistance should communicate these needs before arriving at the airport. The airport's restrooms and fountains are wheelchair accessible. Those with hearing impairments can utilize the phones found in each terminal. Is Eleftherios Venizelos airport kid-friendly? Several facilities within Eleftherios Venizelos airport are designed to give mothers traveling with kids an easy time. Children under 9 years of age can play at the kids'play zone located on the terminal building's second floor. The airport also has baby rooms spread throughout the terminals. Is affordable accommodation available at Eleftherios Venizelos Airport? After a long flight, you can freshen up, relax and unwind at the Sofitel Athens Airport Hotel located within the airport, especially when you arrive late. The hotel is located about 150 feet away from the airport's terminals and offers cozy accommodations. Do I need a passport to fly between Newark Liberty Airport and Athens? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Athens from Newark Liberty Airport. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens? American Airlines, and KLM offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Newark Liberty Airport to Athens flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens? The Boeing 767-400 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Newark Liberty Airport to Athens flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Newark Liberty Airport and Athens. On which days can I fly direct from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens? There are nonstop flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Newark to Athens, Emirates or SWISS? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Newark to Athens are Emirates and SWISS. With an average price for the route of $1,010 and an overall rating of 8.3, Emirates is the most popular choice. SWISS is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,192 and an overall rating of 8.0. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Athens from Newark Liberty Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Athens with an airline and back to Newark Liberty Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Newark Liberty Airport and ATH can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Athens from Newark Liberty Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from EWR to Athens Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $639 or less one-way and $826 or less round-trip. When connecting to Newark Liberty Airport (EWR) to catch your flight to Athens, Express Buses offer the most affordable and convenient means of transport. These bus services are available from 5:00 a.m. to 1:00 a.m. every day. Apart from these buses, you can use a taxi, especially if you are in a hurry. Newark Liberty Airport (EWR) is a hub for United Airlines. Booking this airline when flying to Athens gives you an opportunity to enjoy unique amenities at the world's largest airline lounge. In addition to this, United Airlines has the highest frequency of daily flights from EWR to Athens. Therefore, you can reliably get a flight that is convenient to your schedule. If you are flying from Newark Liberty Airport to Athens with pets, you will enjoy flexible pet policies at both EWR and Athens International Airport (ATH). Before getting to your plane at EWR, you can take your pet to the pet-relief area located in Terminal C near Gate 131. You can fly out of New York City with multiple airlines, including Lufthansa, Brussels Airlines, Air Canada, Delta Air Lines, Air France, KLM, and SWISS. Newark Airport (EWR) serves as a hub for United Airlines, found in terminal C, and operates flights to Eleftherios Venizelos Airport. In case you have time to explore Eleftherios Venizelos Airport (ATH), be sure to check out the archaeological exhibits on display at the airport. The artifacts unearthed during the airport's first construction are on the second floor. Newark Airport has several lounges, which provide a tranquil environment for travelers waiting to board flights. Enjoy cozy seating and refreshments at the United Club located in TA and TC. The lounge charges around $59. Travelers arriving at Eleftherios Venizelos Airport can hop onto the Airport metro, which departs every 30min. The journey from the bustling airport to the Athens City station takes approximately 40min. Travelers pay around €10 ($12) each for the metro ticket. Newark Airport provides budget-friendly parking at its Economy lot. You can leave your car at the economy lot for approximately $18 per day. Affordable parking is also available at the daily parking lots at a rate of around $34 per day. You can sleep overnight at Newark Airport, especially if you have an early morning flight. Newark Liberty International Airport Marriott provides excellent accommodations and is located within the airport. The hotel operates a free shuttle to the airport's terminals. You can drive to Athens city in a rental car you can acquire from one of the Car Rentals at Eleftherios Venizelos Airport. The car rental counters are located at the arrivals hall of the airport's main terminal building. Some car rental company options include Budget, Avance, Sixt, and Enterprise. Getting around Newark Airport is easy if you hop onto the AirTrain, which transports travelers from the terminals to the car rental facilities and parking lots free of charge. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Newark to Athens Eleftherios V.? Find which airlines fly direct from Newark to Eleftherios V., which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Newark to Athens Eleftherios V. Search Flights Monday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates Tuesday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates Wednesday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates Thursday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates Friday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates Saturday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates Sunday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates See more direct flights Nonstop returns Athens Eleftherios V. to Newark Search Flights Monday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates Tuesday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates Wednesday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates Thursday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates Friday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates Saturday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates Sunday Aegean Airlines, Emirates Aegean Airlines, Emirates See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Newark to Athens See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Newark to Athens. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Newark to Athens? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 EmiratesOverall score based on 15746 reviews 84crew 82comfort 80food 83boarding 85entertainment 83overall Airline reviews Pros: "terrible customer service. wrong information on ticket and nobody could help me with anything. I will never fly emirates again"Read more about Emirates Pros: "terrible customer service. wrong information on ticket and nobody could help me with anything. I will never fly emirates again" Pros: "Plane was modern and more comfortable than most" Cons: "I do understand that it was an overnight flight but the crew came around only during meals and at no other time did they check on us. I hit the call button and nobody came - call button just went off. I was in the middle next to a sleeping passenger and could not get up." Pros: "Crew was amazing." Cons: "Seats were a little narrow and could use new cushions." Pros: "The food was good. The crew was very accommodating." Cons: ".If the seats recline to just a little bit more" Pros: "The crew was great and the dinner was really good!" Cons: "Breakfast could have been better and the seat was pretty uncomfortable" Pros: "Timing of flight" Cons: "Baggage policy has changed and has become too restrictive. Wieight and size and number of checked baggage is below competitors for transatlantic flights. Same for cabin luggage and is enforced randomly. Some economy passers were allowed two pieces, others were forced to check in cabiuggahe at $200." Pros: "The crew was fantastic. The food was good for airline food." Cons: "The seats were narrow and seemed a bit smaller than usual." Pros: "They were very courteous and provided us with a solution with an overweight luggage so that we wouldn’t pay the extra fees. Flight was very smooth on the 777. Best flight ever." Cons: "Nothing negative about this flight." Pros: "The cabin, the variety of beverages and the time of the trip" Cons: "Perhaps the strange breakfast and the TVs quality" Pros: "The boarding was efficient." Cons: "There were no vegetarian or vegan food options. The flight was crowded and uncomfortable." Pros: "Amazing - they had a full dinner for a 9:55pm flight, with real silverware, complementary alcohol, for economy passengers! Crew extremely professional and efficient." Pros: "Crew was very nice and attentive" Cons: "Leg room on my first flight (longest leg of the trip) was not much and when the person in front of me leaned their chair back, my knees were touching the chair." Pros: "The crew was great! The entertainment was pretty good too." Cons: "The cabin was WAY too warm." Pros: "Food was good. Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Seats were extremely cramped. Once the person in the front reclined their seat it was very difficult to get out of the seat. Also better guidance is needed during boarding. Finally, my hand carry was checked 4 times by 4 different people, which means your staff doesn’t trust their own colleagues." Pros: "Very positive experience." Cons: "Flight was delayed because of a flight late arriving from Barcelona. Unlike an international flight...no entertainment & only a slight snack food. Still highest marks for the crew and the service that they provided" Cons: "Despite listing items desired for breakfast per seat assignment, flight attendant still got it wrong." Pros: "A very friendly and attentive crew and a decent meal. Comfort is still iffy in coach but better than most American airlines. Good selection of movies to pass the time." Cons: "Seats in coach are cramped and some have an electrical box under the seat in front of you, so there is no room for your legs or carry on bag. Bathrooms keep getting smaller to jam in more seats." Pros: "The service was outstanding!" Cons: "Most people had to wait at the gate for a boarding pass and my daughter and I were in completely different parts of the aircraft." Pros: "The movies were good, the food was good. Servers were kind and helpful. Clean and overall positive flight." Cons: "Several delays and gate changes." Pros: "Quick flight" Cons: "Small plane with very uncomfortable thin hard seats. Could feel the ride on this plane. Food not great. No entertainment on board." We had a flight from Ny to ist and ist to Athens. Our flight was landed late to the Istanbul due to weather conditions and we couldn’t make the next flight to Athens. Turkish airlines transferred us to Aegen airlines for our ist to ath flights and told us they will transfer our luggages. However when we arrived Athens there was no luggage’s and I was traveling with two little kids. This was horrible experiences. Our ath flights was also early morning and we had to wait until 5pm for the next flight with two kids at the airport and they haven’t provided any hotel or food to us. We paid hotel with our own expense and also for food. That’s was horrible experience. I am very disappointed. Business class seats were not comfortable. I have traveled with Turkish Airlines several times and it’s always late. My suitcase was lost. I was in another country and I had to find my way to go back to airport and get my suitcase since it arrived next day after my flight. Really disappointed. It was a quick flight, and it was fine. The only thing was my seats wouldn’t recline because I was in the last row. It was a 1am flight so that made it hard to sleep. But otherwise it was fine. Pros: "We were told by terminal staff in Istanbul that the fkught was on Turkish Airlines.We waited in line at the first ticket counter and then we were sent to a second ticket counter where we waited in line again. We were sent to a 3rd counter where the Supervisor was chatting with a lady for 20 minutes. When we reached the counter we were told it was too late to board and we had missed our flight even though there were still 35 minutes to flight time. Turkish Airlines staff would not help us any further and we had to go purchase another ticket." Pros: "We arrived in Athens eventually" Cons: "People were made to wait outside in the cold airport bus for half an hour. The ground crew gave no explanation for the delay. After heavy protests, they let the waiting passengers back into the terminal. Supposedly the pilot was sick, but there was no communication at all from the airline about the cause of the delay or how long it would last." Pros: "Food" Cons: "Plane is old, seats are economy in business class. Dont fly business no need tonpay extra" Cons: "Missed this flight due a layover and had to wait in the airport overnight." Cons: "The airport in Turkey had no a/c it was sweltering and packed. It smelled to high hell. Boarding was crazy with people shoving and pushing and cutting each other to get throug" Cons: "Didn't happen. My first leg to Athens was canceled which created a humongous headache since it ended up canceling my return flights. Air Canada had to put me on completely new flights there and back. I think this has taught me to go directly through an airline. Justfly was not helpful. Neither was Turkish airlines." Pros: "In flight entertainment and snack even for a short 1 hr flight" Cons: "Chaotic boarding process - seating assignments changed for lots of people last minute with no explanation" The restrictions regarding carry-on baggage is too strict. My wife was forced to check her carry-on bag. Never had this on other airlines. Pros: "They have Economy class seats on the business class. Uncomfortable." Pros: "Plane was clean. Staff helpful" Cons: "We booked our seats online and later at check in received boarding passes with totally different seats. Ordered kids meals and was informed that they dont have any for our kids :(" Cons: "The food was so cheap... pasta and a muffin. I’ll be looking around for another airline." Pros: "This was a flight operated by Austrian Airlines, which does a substantially better job than United." Cons: "Poor selection of films on the entertainment system." Cons: "The crew dropped the bottle to the head of my son." Cons: "Hand luggage not allowed onboard due to being just a bit oversized -- just its wheels only. Never had this problem with the same luggage with other airlines, only with Austrian." Pros: "From start to finish there were no hiccups. It was a pleasant journey." Pros: "Everything was awesome best flight i had in my life." Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "Boarding process was not easy to hear and it was unclear where the line for our gate ended and the line for the gate right next to ours began" Food was mediocre. In flight entertainment lacked live TV. Crew was fantastic. Plane very comfortable if a bit worn. Pros: "The flight crew & the flight itself was great." Cons: "The flight was delayed by 4 hours. Not only did I miss my connecting flight, but I also missed my rescheduled flight. I had to wait another 7 hours in the airport waiting for a flight. And due to this I missed an important meeting." Pros: "Great crew, food, entertainment and drinks." Cons: "Only thing that could be improved is comfort. They provide a small pillow and blanket, but even with those, it is very difficult to sleep." Cons: "On our layover in Munich, we were at our gate, then noticed about 30 minutes prior to boarding that they’d moved us to another gate quite far away, so we hurried to the new gate, only to discover the change was an error, and we had to run back to our original gate. Made it, but annoyed." Cons: "The flight was delayed several times and we were kept waiting at the gate without knowing when exactly we will leave." Pros: "This space intentionally left blank" Cons: "For starters, they sat my 12 year old daughter 6 rows away and both of us in center seats so no one would switch with us. Mid flight, my daughter asked to switch with me since the guy next to her kept asking personal questions and was making her uncomfortable. Second, the in flight entertainment did not work. Third, I had pre-ordered a diabetic meal, they “think they may have given it to someone else.” Fourth, one hour delay making for a tight connection. And finally... they lost my suitcase. Should arrive in a few days." Pros: "The crew was really good. The food was much better than my cross the Atlantic flight. There wasn’t any entertainment so I am not sure how to rate it." Cons: "Frankfurt airport is not very good. Why does a passenger who has cleared security in the US have to do it again in Frankfurt? It is an unnecessary requirement that causes some passengers to miss their connecting flight. I will give them a pass on clearing immigration But going thru security....no." Pros: "The efficiency and kindness of the flight attendants made the trip enjoyable. The water service really helped with dehydration. Also, the food was EXCELLENT, which you don't often hear on a flight. My seat was comfortable and the movie and television selections was great. Will ABSOLUTELY fly with them again!" Cons: "Had to run thru airport to catch plane, thn long wait to board." Pros: "Friendly flight attendants, good wine, good entertainment (which I actually don't watch), beautiful airplane, A 340, especially the downstairs restrooms." Cons: "Very uncomfortable seats, minimal leg room, mediocre food." Emirates8.3 SWISS8.0 Turkish Airlines7.9 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from Newark to Athens Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Newark to Athens found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/22Thu 2 stops 27h 40mEWR-ATH $260 Search 1/19Fri 2 stops 27h 40mEWR-ATH $263 Search 2/7Wed 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 12h 05mEWR-ATH $297 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 12h 45mEWR-ATH $318 Search 12/30Sat 1 stopSWISS 19h 30mEWR-ATH $326 Search 1/12Fri 1 stopLufthansa 12h 05mEWR-ATH $333 Search 12/5Tue 2 stopsSWISS 15h 20mEWR-ATH $335 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopLufthansa 11h 45mEWR-ATH $466 Search 12/5Tue nonstopEmirates 9h 15mEWR-ATH $639 Search 12/31Sun nonstopEmirates 9h 15mEWR-ATH $645 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineScandinavian AirlinesSWISSLufthansaEmirates Search by price$260 or less$320 or less$330 or less$470 or less$650 or less Last minute flights from Newark to Athens Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Newark to Athens that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopSWISS 11h 35mEWR-ATH 12/9Sat multi-stopSWISS 12h 45mATH-EWR $541 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 20h 25mEWR-ATH 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 17h 55mATH-EWR $545 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopBritish Airways 12h 00mEWR-ATH 12/15Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 15h 20mATH-EWR $555 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 14h 15mEWR-ATH 12/13Wed multi-stopLufthansa 15h 45mATH-EWR $563 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 12h 05mEWR-ATH 12/9Sat multi-stopLufthansa 13h 06mATH-EWR $565 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 12h 00mEWR-ATH 12/20Wed multi-stopBritish Airways 14h 35mATH-EWR $583 Search 12/5Tue nonstopEmirates 9h 15mEWR-ATH 4/2Tue nonstopEmirates 10h 45mATH-EWR $724 Search 12/5Tue nonstopEmirates 9h 15mEWR-ATH 12/15Fri nonstopEmirates 11h 00mATH-EWR $726 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 12h 55mEWR-ATH 4/1Mon multi-stopTurkish Airlines 25h 30mATH-EWR $812 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 12h 55mEWR-ATH 12/27Wed multi-stopTurkish Airlines 14h 15mATH-EWR $863 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSWISSUnited AirlinesBritish AirwaysLufthansaEmiratesTurkish Airlines Search by price$550 or less$560 or less$580 or less$730 or less$860 or less Newark Liberty Airport - Athens Flights Departure: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Destination: Athens (ATH)Greece Return flight deals: Athens - Newark Liberty Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Athens $2,349 Business Class flights to Athens $1,376 Prem Econ Class flights to Athens $701 Economy Class flights to Athens Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport $399Flights from Newark Airport to Athens Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Greece » Athens $399Flights to Athens, Athens Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Athens flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Athens from Newark Liberty Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Athens from Newark Liberty Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.