Cheap Flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale from $32 | (DTW - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW DTW - FLL Find cheap flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale from $32 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/8. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:49 pm - 8:01 pmDTW-FLL 3h 12mnonstop 7:05 am - 10:02 amFLL-DTW 2h 57mnonstop $60Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Thu, Jan 25 6:24 pm - 9:36 pmDTW-FLL 3h 12mnonstop 7:20 am - 10:21 amFLL-DTW 3h 01mnonstop $61Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Sat, Feb 3 9:57 am - 1:12 pmDTW-FLL 3h 15mnonstop 6:00 am - 9:01 amFLL-DTW 3h 01mnonstop $62Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Thu, Jan 18 1:45 pm - 9:38 pmDTW-FLL 7h 53m1 stop 7:20 am - 10:21 amFLL-DTW 3h 01mnonstop $63Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Fri, Jan 12 2:26 pm - 10:28 pmDTW-FLL 8h 02m1 stop 9:25 am - 12:28 pmFLL-DTW 3h 03mnonstop $64Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Fri, Jan 12 9:56 am - 4:34 pmDTW-FLL 6h 38m1 stop 7:20 am - 10:21 amFLL-DTW 3h 01mnonstop $74 Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Wed, Jan 24 9:56 am - 4:34 pmDTW-FLL 6h 38m1 stop 7:05 am - 10:02 amFLL-DTW 2h 57mnonstop $75 Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Tue, Jan 30 6:22 am - 10:57 amDTW-FLL 4h 35m1 stop 8:00 am - 3:28 pmFLL-DTW 7h 28m2 stops $159American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 23 7:40 pm - 12:23 amDTW-FLL 4h 43m1 stop 8:00 am - 4:45 pmFLL-DTW 8h 45m2 stops $179American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Fri, Jan 26 10:05 am - 7:00 pmDTW-FLL 8h 55m1 stop 8:00 am - 2:55 pmFLL-DTW 6h 55m1 stop $189JetBlue Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Fri, Feb 2 Show more results Flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport to Fort Lauderdale is October, where tickets cost $158 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is $390 and $363 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 14 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Spirit Airlines ($32) and Frontier ($54). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($60) and American Airlines ($159). Which airlines fly non-stop between Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport to Fort Lauderdale. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport to Fort Lauderdale. They are Delta and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is Spirit Airlines, with the best one-way deal found costing $71. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport and Fort Lauderdale per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 6 nonstop flights that take off from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport and land in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 3h 11m. The most common departure time is 9:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 24 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 25% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale take? The average nonstop flight takes 2h 48m, covering a distance of 1,130 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport at 5:25 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 8:38 am. What’s the latest departure time from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 9:35 pm and lands at 12:41 am. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $32 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 35% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 30% increase in price. Flight from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Detroit to Fort Lauderdale flights Does FLL have lactation rooms? If you’ve flown to FLL from DTW with an infant, there are six lactation suits within the airport you can use to comfortably and privately change and breastfeed your baby. In Terminal 1, one is in concourse A while another is in Concourse C. In Terminal 2, the suit is located across from the CNN Newsstand, and in Terminal 3, one is located in Concourse E, while another is found in Concourse F. The sixth suite is in Terminal 4, Concourse G, near Gate 8. What is the best way to get to DTW? To travel from Detroit to DTW, you can board a bus or a taxi. If you’d like to get to the airport quickly, it’s in your best interest to travel in a taxi, as they are usually quicker than buses covering this route. However, if you’re on a budget, it’s in your best interest to travel aboard a bus. Where can I relax once I land at FLL? If you’d like to relax for a while at FLL before continuing your journey, you can do so at the airport’s viewing area, located on top of the Hibiscus Garage. Here, you’ll be able to witness planes taking off and landing at this airport. Dos DTW have a lounge? At DTW, you can access five different Delta Sky Club lounges and a Lufthansa Business Lounge if you’re an economy class traveler willing to purchase a day pass, full-year membership, or pay at the door. Delta’s lounges are all located in McNamara Terminal, while Lufthansa’s lounge is in the North Terminal. Do I need a passport to fly between Detroit and Fort Lauderdale? A passport is not required to fly from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Detroit to Fort Lauderdale flight route: Spirit Airlines, Delta, Horizon Air, Silver Airways, Sun Country Air, American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Cape Air, and Aeromexico. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Detroit to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Detroit and Fort Lauderdale. On which days can I fly direct from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale? There are nonstop flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $389 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $388 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from Detroit is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to Detroit with another airline. Booking your flights between Detroit and FLL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from Detroit up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from DTW to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $68 or less one-way and $121 or less round-trip. If you’d like to travel to Fort Lauderdale from Detroit, you can book a flight that lands at either Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) or Miami International Airport (MIA). FLL is closer to Fort Lauderdale than MIA. This being the case, if you land at FLL, you will have an easier time getting to Fort Lauderdale than if you land at MIA. Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport (DTW) is the busiest airport in Michigan and one of the busiest in the country. Therefore, traffic to this airport is usually heavy, and security screening at its gates usually takes time. To avoid missing your flight because of getting caught in traffic or the long security lines at its gates, on the date you’re scheduled to fly, get to this airport at least 2h before your flight. If you’re traveling with your pet to Fort Lauderdale, there are several pet relief areas you can use while waiting for your flight at DTW. In McNamara Terminal, one pet relief area is outside the international arrivals area, while another is near Gate A34. On the other hand, in North Terminal, there are two pet relief areas outside, at each end of the departures level curb. Inside this terminal, near Gate D16, there’s another pet relief area. At FLL, you can easily rent a car, as this airport features a consolidated car rental center. Situated across the catwalk from FLL’s Terminal 1, it houses reliable car rentals such as ACE, Budget, Dollar, Avis, Enterprise, Hertz, and National. FLL is home to over 60 pieces of art. These art pieces are displayed throughout the airport and the car rental center. Given that these art installations are spectacular, if you’re an art lover, you should check them out before leaving the airport. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, KLM, +4 more Air France, Delta, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday Air France, China Southern, Delta, +5 more Air France, China Southern, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +4 more Air France, Delta, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air France, Delta, KLM, +4 more Air France, Delta, +5 more 3 4 Friday Air France, China Southern, Delta, +5 more Air France, China Southern, +6 more 4 5 Saturday Air France, Delta, KLM, +4 more Air France, Delta, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Air France, China Southern, Delta, +5 more Air France, China Southern, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Search Flights Monday Air France, China Southern, Delta, +5 more Air France, China Southern, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +4 more Air France, Delta, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +4 more Air France, Delta, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air France, China Southern, Delta, +5 more Air France, China Southern, +6 more 4 5 Friday Air France, Delta, KLM, +4 more Air France, Delta, +5 more 3 4 Saturday Air France, China Southern, Delta, +5 more Air France, China Southern, +6 more 4 5 Sunday Air France, Delta, KLM, +4 more Air France, Delta, +5 more 3 4 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19620 reviews 82overall 79entertainment 86crew 78food 82comfort 83boarding Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was kind and very helpful. Also, I found the seats to be comfortable and didn’t feel squished. There was plenty of leg room. Great experience overall. Thank you!" Cons: "Absolutely nothing! Was a fantastic experience!!!!"Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Crew was kind and very helpful. Also, I found the seats to be comfortable and didn’t feel squished. There was plenty of leg room. Great experience overall. Thank you!" Cons: "Absolutely nothing! Was a fantastic experience!!!!" Pros: "Nice plane, amenities" Cons: "Better information about perpetual delays - honesty about delay. Information to respond appropriately." Pros: "All fine except that entertainment was curtailed becasue of flying to Cuba" Pros: "Jet blue was on time and there's plenty of snacks" Pros: "Crew was nice and the flight was fine" Cons: "I was quite shocked that the seat I had originally been put in the head phone jack and The Wholearea where the channel changes was falling apart. I was able to switch seats due to flight being not full but that would be annoying. I also was weirded out that they did not ha e touch screens. In general the plane just seemed old and dirty to me." Pros: "More leg room Affordable prices Snacks dunkin donut coffee Pleasant flight attendant Punctuality" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "I loved that the pilot on my first flight introduced himself and staff to the customers prior to loading the plane. Everyone was very welcoming and friendly. The leg-room! The leg room was a great surprise. No hassle with bags. Great snacks, wi-fi and movies for FREE! I was so tickled. I've never flown JetBlue. I thought it was just another low-cost airline that makes you pay for everything , what a nice surprise! I immediately gave you a shout-out on my facebook account. Best flight experience I've had in a long time. Thank you." Cons: "The airline had the flight delayed due to waiting for flight attendants. Very irresponsible of the crew and members, which weren’t working on the flight" Pros: "Seat space, legroom, personal TV, free movies, free unlimited snacks" Pros: "The crew members were great- really friendly and accommodating." Cons: "Turbulence. But like... nobody can make that stop so basically it was perfect" Pros: "Crew was very friendly and took good care of the passengers" Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Cons: "The DCA airport was having some problem. 1.5 hours late. Not very good." Pros: "Good flight as always with Delta. Sat in economy comfort, so of course the seats was comfortable. Flight Attendants were great." Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Pros: "While biased since I was in First class, everything was enjoyable and as expected of a first class experience. The free Wi-Fi on this flight made it extra special- can’t wait until its standard on all flights!!" Cons: "Only real complaint is that Delta doesn’t seem to restrict size of bags taken as carry on and the time wasted but some trying to squeeze their obviously oversized bags into overhead compartments is painful." Cons: "Passengers should have the option to ask for additional snacks." Pros: "The crew was fantastic. Friendly, professional" Cons: "The boarding process was cumbersome. The desk people were unfriendly, unhelpful. Could not give us a seat assignment until the very end of the boarding process. Not a very friendly experience. I felt very ripped off" Cons: "NO ENTERTAINMENT no snacks on the second flight after an hr 24 layover AND 52 minutes delay, seat near the bathroom which smelled horrible" Pros: "On line customer service was very courteous and helpful." Cons: "We waited overnight in the airport without even an offer of accommodations, toothbrushes, meal vouchers, etc." Cons: "I bought WiFi for my iPhone on the flight and could barely use it because it kept kicking me off and was super slow." Pros: "It was on time. I liked the head rests on the seats." Cons: "Disgusting attitude from the flight attendant. She laughed at me when i told her i was transgender" Pros: "Easy check in." Cons: "Service staff was friendly enough; maybe I’m used to southwest. As someone who is anxious to fly smiling faces are always appreciate." Pros: "The crew was excellent. Stewardess was cheerful and helpful. The flight while full was not crowded." Cons: "Plane was late. Mechanical issue at the gate after boarding. Seating room pretty tight. Three gate chanes at O'Hare." Pros: "The professionalism of the crew and the cleanliness was excellent!" Cons: "The seats weren’t very comfortable!" Pros: "The mobile updates were helpful and timely." Cons: "The overhead space was smaller on this plane and as I learned on my trip to DTW my weekender carry-on would not fit with my shoes in it. Because of this, I pulled my shoes out and put them in a collapsible bag that fit under the seat in front of me along with my small personal bag as I had done on my previous flight. However, the gate agent would not allow me to board the plane and would not listen to my explainations at all as I tried to keep the boarding process moving along. She kept repeating "you have 3 bags" and made me steep out of line and check my carry-on (which I would then have to pick up at baggage claim). When I asked why I couldn't get out on the jetway like she had done for other passengers she said, " I only did that for airline employees" (quick happened to be a flight attendant from Spirit). My overall experience on both flights to and from Detroit was that the gate agents and flight attendants were the most unhelpful and rude airline employees I have delt with and I will stick to my preferred carrier, Delta, for my future flights back and forth to Detroit. They certainly make me feel like a valued customer when I fly them, which I did not feel with American." Pros: "Boarding" Cons: "Wait for Baggage and 20+ mins getting to gate after we landed" Pros: "The crew was nice." Cons: "The flight was delayed due to weather, but nothing can change that. We still landed on time. Many other passengers were complaining." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3 hours waiting for a flight attendant" Pros: "The flight was fine. Nothing that should have been positive stands out as missing." Cons: "The first class flight attendant (male) was the worst. No interest in being on the plane, didn't bother to speak clearlybon the announcements. United should pull this person off of flight duty and deal with this person. The second is a terrible parent who let their kid cry the whole flight and afterwards in the jet way. This wasn't an infant had to be 4-5 years old and there was no parenting at all. The kid was old enough to be talked to. If you're kids can't handle flying, you don't get to fly." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "We wasted six hours at the airport to find out we would not get to our first destination in time to catch our jointing flights. Then they had to rebook us the next day and our luggage it was sent to Chicago . It was not a good experience at all just very frustrated and we missed a day of vacation" Pros: "Boarding was easy and there was plenty of overhead space for my carry on luggage" Cons: "Coach cabin was not spacious at all. Very little leg room and the aisles seemed very cramped. Also, the seats weren't particularly comfortable." Pros: "Smooth flights" Cons: "Delayed multiple times. Staff seemed uninterested in passengers. Not compassionate." Pros: "That was the worst traveling experience I've had to date. Yes, I understand there were storms and natural circumstances that held the flight and for that - I understand. What I do not care for is the lack of customer service. There was only one person at the counter in the airport. And let's not mention the unpleasant flight attendent on at 5 hour flight! Nothing offered for the inconvenience. Everyone including the pilot was just as irritated as the passengers. I usually prefer United when flying coast to coast but...worst experience yet." Cons: "See above" Cons: "That I was charged for the flight again or they wouldn't let me on the plane" Pros: "The free inflight entertainment was very good." Cons: "I was very upset that the gate agent stated that the overhead bins were full and that I would need to check my carry on bag, which i did. However upon boarding the plane, there were multiple overhead bins that were actually empty. I do not appreciate being lied to by the gate agent and being forced to check my bag when there was plenty of overhead bin space available. Moreover, I waited for nearly 30 minutes for my then checked bag to come through the baggage carousel after deplaning. This is far too long to have to wait for a bag after a 5.5 hour flight, especially when it was a carry on bag I was forced to check despite there being ample room in the overhead bins. Very disappointing and unnecessary aggrevation. Additionally, there was some slight turbulence during the flight for which the captain turned on the seat belt sign and everyone was requested to return to their seats. A few minutes later there were still some people standing in the aisles waiting to use the restroom, at which point a female flight attendant came on the intercom and stated, "I will try to make this as simple as possible for you to understand..." She then carried on explaining in a very rude and sarcastic tone the safety reasoning behind asking the standing passengers to return to their seats. While her frustration with people not returning to their seats was understandable, her tone of voice and sarcastic demeanor was not professional, and quite unappreciated. My overall experience with United could have been much more pleasant but for these instances. I feel these couple of bad experiences could have been easily prevented which would have led to a much more enjoyable experience with United. Unfortunately, because of these things, I will think twice about flying with United in the future." Pros: "The crew was very pleasant and helpful. We left and arrived on time And everything went smoothly." Cons: "Upon arrival to the airport 3 hours before departure, I realized my passport last name did not match the name my reservation was under. I booked under my married name and my passport was in my maiden name. United staff at the check in counter, boarding counter and via phone told me there was nothing they could do and said I could chance it hoping security would let me through. Security did, and my first flight took me to Chicago. I called again in Chicago and was told to not board the plane to Canada, but to fly back to Detroit to get my marriage license. The woman on the phone told me they would not let me on the plane once they saw my passport name did not match my boarding pass. But they did. This is pretty scary. Once through customs in Canada I called my departing airline for my trip home (delta) and they were SO helpful. They allowed me to change the name on my ticket (something United refused to do) and they didn't charge me anything. United really dropped the ball at customer service on the phone (twice) and at both boarding counters. I will always chose delta over United going forward. Plus, Coke on United, no music to plug our headphones in? No snacks?" Pros: "I was in row 2 and it had reclining seats." Cons: "They did not have enough people to push wheelchairs at Mac Arthur airport. My husband had to push me & since we don’t know the airport we had to ask every step we went, they had no signs leading the way." Cons: "Seats not comfortable, took almost an hour for the luggage to come out and then came out on a different belt then posted." Cons: "Was a great flight. Friendly staff, fair amount of space to be comfortable. Overall very nice" Pros: "Boarding was painless. Flight attendants were nice." Cons: "Nothing in particular. Just remember it is a low budget airline." Pros: "That it got me from A to B." Cons: "Going from PHX to DTW I didn't recieve any confirmation email 24 hrs in advance. The AC in the cabin wasnt working and was unbearably hot. From DTW to PHX still didn't get a confirmation email 24 hrs in advance again with any policys or check in. Arrived "on time" but wouldn't let us and other paying customers through to our gate...wanted to make me pay additionally for our return flight the NEXT day when we both had to miss work. Was very disappointed with customer service and the way thinga were handled from the beginning. Frontier has really declined as of recent. Supposed to be going on a trip in October and initially was going to use frontier but not sure I will be any longer. Wouldn't recommend to anyone after that." Pros: "The crew was wonderful. They had a funny sense of humor and made the flight fun. This was my 3rd flight with Frontier in 6 months, will continue to fly you have affordable fares..." Cons: "The flight was delayed 1 hour. I think it is ridiculous to charge customers for water." Pros: "Before our trip, I read some mixed reviews, but honestly the experience was what I expected. The crew was really friendly and attentive, our flight took off and landed on time, so that was great." Cons: "The seats were only so comfortable, and don't recline, no in-flight wi-fi, and everything needed to be purchased as extra. This was what I was expecting though, so I came prepared with my kindle and snacks purchased from the airport." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The flight had been delayed 4 1/2 hours. This was because they were waiting for another plane to arrive due to mechanical problems. The plane seating is cramped and no leg room. Nothing special about your flight attendant.." Pros: "Crew was pleasant. Boarding was quick." Cons: "Plane was delayed half hour. Could have been cleaned better. Forward bathroom smelled like urine. Don't like the request for tip when purchasing food or beverage. We are already charged for EVERYTHING!" Pros: "Gate crew at Denver on May 2nd (afternoon) were just disorganized and confused. She was just stressed out for no reason. Seems like not a people's person and can't stay calm at ALL. Can't handle stress at all" JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/8Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 14mDTW-FLL $32 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 11h 35mDTW-FLL $33 Search 2/24Sat 1 stopFrontier 9h 26mDTW-FLL $54 Search 2/17Sat 1 stopFrontier 17h 26mDTW-FLL $86 Search 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 3h 07mDTW-FLL $109 Search 12/12Tue 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 7h 43mDTW-FLL $123 Search 3/12Tue nonstopDelta 2h 59mDTW-FLL $129 Search 12/19Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 22mDTW-FLL $159 Search 2/26Mon 2 stopsUnited Airlines 16h 15mDTW-FLL $189 Search 12/7Thu 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 7h 33mDTW-FLL $213 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$90 or less$120 or less$160 or less$210 or less Last minute flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 35mDTW-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 59mFLL-DTW $69 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 12mDTW-FLL 12/11Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 44mFLL-DTW $73 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 35mDTW-FLL 12/9Sat multi-stopSpirit Airlines 6h 08mFLL-DTW $76 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 17mDTW-FLL 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 44mFLL-DTW $92 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 35mDTW-FLL 12/8Fri multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 39mFLL-DTW $93 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 20h 47mDTW-FLL 12/9Sat multi-stop 4h 38mFLL-DTW $98 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 3h 17mDTW-FLL 12/8Fri multi-stop 6h 28mFLL-DTW $110 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 32mDTW-FLL 1/9Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 00mFLL-DTW $259 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 09mDTW-FLL 1/9Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 00mFLL-DTW $265 Search 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 3h 03mDTW-FLL 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 2h 57mFLL-DTW $338 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$70 or less$90 or less$100 or less$260 or less$340 or less Detroit - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: Detroit (DTW)United States Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - Detroit Cabin classes: $764 First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $1,418 Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $526 Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $63 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » United States » Michigan » Detroit » Detroit $59Flights from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $59Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Detroit. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from Detroit. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.