Cheap Flights from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl from C$ 107 | (YOW - SFB) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YOW - SFB Find cheap flights from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl from C$ 107 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 27/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando Sanford Intl These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Orlando, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Orlando, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:00 a.m. - 9:20 a.m.YOW-SFB 3h 20mdirect 10:05 a.m. - 1:05 p.m.SFB-YOW 3h 00mdirect C$ 97Flair Airlines Find Deal Sat, 13 Jan - Sat, 20 Jan 6:00 a.m. - 9:20 a.m.YOW-SFB 3h 20mdirect 10:05 a.m. - 1:05 p.m.SFB-YOW 3h 00mdirect C$ 105Flair Airlines Find Deal Sat, 16 Dec - Thu, 21 Dec 6:00 a.m. - 9:20 a.m.YOW-SFB 3h 20mdirect 10:05 a.m. - 1:05 p.m.SFB-YOW 3h 00mdirect C$ 110Flair Airlines Find Deal Sat, 13 Jan - Sat, 20 Jan 6:00 a.m. - 9:20 a.m.YOW-SFB 3h 20mdirect 10:05 a.m. - 1:05 p.m.SFB-YOW 3h 00mdirect C$ 137Flair Airlines Find Deal Sat, 6 Jan - Sat, 13 Jan 6:00 a.m. - 9:20 a.m.YOW-SFB 3h 20mdirect 10:05 a.m. - 1:05 p.m.SFB-YOW 3h 00mdirect C$ 143Flair Airlines Find Deal Tue, 19 Dec - Sat, 23 Dec 6:00 a.m. - 9:20 a.m.YOW-SFB 3h 20mdirect 10:05 a.m. - 1:05 p.m.SFB-YOW 3h 00mdirect C$ 155Flair Airlines Find Deal Thu, 21 Dec - Thu, 28 Dec 9:35 p.m. - 9:25 a.m.YOW-SFB 11h 50m1 stop 10:05 a.m. - 1:05 p.m.SFB-YOW 3h 00mdirect C$ 201 Find Deal Sat, 13 Jan - Sat, 20 Jan 8:00 a.m. - 11:20 a.m.YOW-SFB 3h 20mdirect 12:05 p.m. - 3:05 p.m.SFB-YOW 3h 00mdirect C$ 332WorldTicket Find Deal Tue, 30 Jan - Tue, 6 Feb 6:00 a.m. - 9:20 a.m.YOW-SFB 3h 20mdirect 10:05 a.m. - 1:05 p.m.SFB-YOW 3h 00mdirect C$ 349WorldTicket Find Deal Thu, 21 Dec - Sat, 30 Dec 6:00 a.m. - 9:20 a.m.YOW-SFB 3h 20mdirect 10:05 a.m. - 1:05 p.m.SFB-YOW 3h 00mdirect C$ 437WorldTicket Find Deal Sat, 23 Dec - Thu, 28 Dec Show more results Flights from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. How far in advance should I book a flight from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport, you should book around 0 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 74 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Flair Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at C$ 107. KAYAK users also found Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl round-trip flights on Flair Airlines from C$ 132 and on WorldTicket from C$ 451. Which airlines fly direct between Ottawa and Orlando Sanford Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport. There is just one airline that flies from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport direct and that is Flair Airlines. The best one-way deal found from Flair Airlines for the route is C$ 149. How many flights are there between Ottawa and Orlando Sanford Intl Airport per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Ottawa and lands in Orlando Sanford Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 3h 20m. The most common departure time is 6:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 2 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Ottawa and Orlando Sanford Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl take? The duration of a direct flight to Orlando Sanford Intl from Ottawa is typically 3h 20m. The journey crosses a distance of 3,062 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Ottawa at 6:00 am and will be landing in Orlando Sanford Intl Airport at 9:20 am. What’s the latest departure time from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport jets off at 6:00 am and lands at 9:20 am. Good to know Low season May High season March Cheapest flight C$ 107 Best time to beat the crowds (51% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (5% more expensive on average) Flight from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl When to book flights from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl flights Which airports will I be using when flying from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl? On your way to Orlando Sanford Intl, you’ll fly out from Ottawa. You’ll be landing at Orlando Sanford Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl? You can catch a direct flight from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Which is the best airline for flights from Ottawa to Orlando, Flair Airlines or WorldTicket? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Ottawa to Orlando are Flair Airlines and WorldTicket. With an average price for the route of C$ 218 and an overall rating of 6.4, Flair Airlines is the most popular choice. WorldTicket is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 281 and an overall rating of 2.0. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando Sanford Intl from Ottawa is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando Sanford Intl with an airline and back to Ottawa with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando Sanford Intl from Ottawa up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Ottawa to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 118 or less one-way and C$ 229 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl Search flights Tuesday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Thursday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Saturday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Orlando Sanford Intl to Ottawa Search flights Tuesday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Thursday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Saturday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top airlines flying from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Ottawa to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 6.4 Flair AirlinesOverall score based on 73 reviews 64overall 60comfort 52food 70crew 72boarding 53entertainment Airline reviews Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight.Read more about Flair Airlines Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The flight was late for one hour . We did not have any information why . My driver in Zurich left and I have to pay another cab from Zurich to Kreuzlingen . Nobody from the airline could do anything about ." Flair Airlines6.4 WorldTicket2.0 Book cheap flights from Ottawa to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Ottawa to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 27/2Tue directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYOW-SFB C$ 79 Search 4/1Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYOW-SFB C$ 80 Search 29/2Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYOW-SFB C$ 115 Search 14/3Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYOW-SFB C$ 121 Search 27/2Tue 2 stops 25h 36mYOW-SFB C$ 168 Search 4/1Thu 1 stop 11h 50mYOW-SFB C$ 174 Search 28/12Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYOW-SFB C$ 175 Search 6/2Tue directWorldTicket 3h 20mYOW-SFB C$ 200 Search 14/3Thu 1 stop 24h 00mYOW-SFB C$ 204 Search 23/12Sat directFlair Airlines 3h 20mYOW-SFB C$ 229 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesWorldTicket Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 170 or lessC$ 200 or lessC$ 230 or less Ottawa - Orlando Sanford Intl Flights Departure: Ottawa (YOW)Canada Destination: Orlando Sanford Intl (SFB)United States Cabin classes: First Class flights to Orlando Business Class flights to Orlando Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando C$ 195 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ottawa C$ 132Flights from Ottawa to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando » Orlando Sanford Intl C$ 132Flights to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport, Orlando Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Halifax Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Victoria Flights to Kelowna Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando Sanford Intl flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando Sanford Intl from Ottawa. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Orlando Sanford Intl from Ottawa. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.