Cheap Flights from Ottawa to Orlando Airport from C$ 128 | (YOW - MCO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YOW - MCO Find cheap flights from Ottawa to Orlando Airport from C$ 128 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 14/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Orlando, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Orlando, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Ottawa to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Ottawa to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:30 p.m. - 8:59 p.m.YOW-MCO 3h 29mdirect 4:00 p.m. - 7:02 p.m.MCO-YOW 3h 02mdirect C$ 144Porter Airlines Find Deal Mon, 11 Dec - Thu, 21 Dec 5:30 p.m. - 8:59 p.m.YOW-MCO 3h 29mdirect 9:15 p.m. - 12:10 a.m.MCO-YOW 2h 55mdirect C$ 147 Find Deal Mon, 11 Dec - Mon, 18 Dec 4:50 p.m. - 8:10 p.m.YOW-MCO 3h 20mdirect 9:15 p.m. - 12:11 a.m.MCO-YOW 2h 56mdirect C$ 148WestJet Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 4:50 p.m. - 8:10 p.m.YOW-MCO 3h 20mdirect 9:15 p.m. - 12:11 a.m.MCO-YOW 2h 56mdirect C$ 149WestJet Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 4:50 p.m. - 8:10 p.m.YOW-MCO 3h 20mdirect 9:15 p.m. - 12:11 a.m.MCO-YOW 2h 56mdirect C$ 151WestJet Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 10:30 a.m. - 5:08 p.m.YOW-MCO 6h 38m1 stop 11:30 a.m. - 2:32 p.m.MCO-YOW 3h 02mdirect C$ 161Air Canada Find Deal Mon, 11 Dec - Tue, 12 Dec 7:00 a.m. - 10:29 a.m.YOW-MCO 3h 29mdirect 6:25 a.m. - 1:15 p.m.MCO-YOW 6h 50m1 stop C$ 165Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 16 Apr - Wed, 24 Apr 6:00 a.m. - 1:25 p.m.YOW-MCO 7h 25m1 stop 9:30 p.m. - 12:31 a.m.MCO-YOW 3h 01mdirect C$ 222Delta Find Deal Thu, 18 Apr - Thu, 25 Apr 5:45 p.m. - 11:59 p.m.YOW-MCO 6h 14m1 stop 7:35 a.m. - 5:04 p.m.MCO-YOW 9h 29m1 stop C$ 227United Airlines Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Fri, 26 Jan 9:45 a.m. - 12:26 a.m.YOW-MCO 14h 41m1 stop 6:00 a.m. - 2:15 p.m.MCO-YOW 8h 15m2 stops C$ 235United Airlines Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Thu, 25 Jan Show more results Flights from Ottawa to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Ottawa to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Orlando Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Ottawa to Orlando Airport is November, where tickets cost C$ 346 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are March and August, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 700 and C$ 699 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Orlando Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Ottawa to Orlando Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 71 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Ottawa to Orlando Airport were found on Porter Airlines (C$ 195) and WestJet (C$ 201). Porter Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 128. Which airlines fly direct between Ottawa and Orlando Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Ottawa to Orlando Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from Ottawa to Orlando Airport. They are: Air Canada, Porter Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Porter Airlines at C$ 199. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Porter Airlines. How many flights are there between Ottawa and Orlando Airport per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 2 nonstop flights that take off from Ottawa and land in Orlando Airport, with an average flight time of 3h 30m. The most common departure time is 5:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 10 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Monday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Ottawa and Orlando Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Ottawa to Orlando Airport take? The average direct flight takes 3h 19m, covering a distance of 3,124 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Ottawa at 7:00 am and will be landing in Orlando Airport at 10:29 am. What’s the latest departure time from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Ottawa to Orlando Airport jets off at 5:30 pm and lands at 8:59 pm. Good to know Low season June High season March Cheapest flight C$ 128 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 3% increase in price. Most popular time to fly (21% more expensive on average) Flight from Ottawa to Orlando Airport When to book flights from Ottawa to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Ottawa to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Ottawa to Orlando Airport flights Are there any on-site airport hotels at Orlando Airport? The Hyatt Regency Orlando International Airport is located inside the airport, on level 4 of the main terminal, and offers day rooms for rent if you are looking for some rest between 10:00 am and 6:00 pm. Alternatively, there are 4 options for accommodation all located within 5min of the terminals, and all offering a free shuttle service. Can I exchange currency at Orlando Airport? There are two currency exchange desks at the airport, both operated by Interchange. One is located in the gated area next to Gate 70 and is open from midday to 8:00 pm daily, while the other is located in the public area of the main terminal and is open from 6:00 am to 9:00 pm. Alternatively, you can take out cash using one of the ATMs available in both the gated and public areas of the airport. How can I get from Orlando Airport to Port Canaveral for my cruise? If your cruise company doesn’t offer a transfer from the airport to their terminal at the port, you can book one of the 4 shuttle companies that link the airport with Cape Canaveral. These are Arrow 5 Transport, Busy Traveler Transportation, Cocoa Beach Shuttle and Melbourne Airport Shuttle. Alternatively, you can book your transportation with a cruise transfer company such as Go Port Canaveral or Sunward Tours. How do I get from Orlando Airport to the Disney World resorts? Those heading to Walt Disney World can get there using Disney’s Magical Express shuttle bus, which is free if you are staying in one of the resort’s hotels. Upon arrival, head to the ground transportation area on level 1 of Terminal B, which is in the main building. This is where you can board the shuttle bus. In addition, between the hours of 5:00 am and 10:00 pm, Disney will even get your luggage for you and transfer it to your hotel. Which airports will I be using when flying from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? On your way to Orlando Airport, you’ll fly out from Ottawa. You’ll be landing at Orlando. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Ottawa to Orlando Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Ottawa to Orlando Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Ottawa and Orlando Airport, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? There are direct flights from Ottawa to Orlando Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Ottawa to Orlando, Porter Airlines or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Ottawa to Orlando are Porter Airlines and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 319 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 423 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Ottawa to Orlando Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando Airport from Ottawa is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando Airport with an airline and back to Ottawa with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Ottawa to Orlando Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando Airport from Ottawa up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Ottawa to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 143 or less one-way and C$ 257 or less round-trip. If you are travelling with pets, you will find two outdoor animal relief areas at Orlando Airport (MCO). One is in Terminal A on level 2, in the east end of the building, and the other is in Terminal B on level 2, in the west end of the building. Travellers who arrive hungry following their flights from Ottawa to Orlando will find a large variety of food choices located throughout the airport. Out of these, Starbucks and McDonald’s, which are located in the main terminal, are open 24h a day. Look for the Best Buy vending machines at Orlando Airport if you need to buy any last-minute electronic items, or for the Benefit vending machines that sell cosmetics. The latter is located next to Gate 100-129, while there are 4 Best Buy machines located next to various airport gates. Those travelling with infants can make use of the nursing rooms available at Ottawa Airport (YOW), one of which is located in the gated part of the US departures area, on level 2. They are equipped with a rocking chair and changing facilities, and allow mothers to feed and care for their babies in privacy. You can leave winter equipment behind by storing your coat at Ottawa Airport before your flight from Ottawa to Orlando. This service is available in the baggage storage room, located in the arrivals hall, and is accessible 24h a day. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Ottawa to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from Ottawa to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Ottawa to Orlando Search flights Monday Delta,Porter Airlines,WestJet Delta,Porter Airlines, +1 more Tuesday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Wednesday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Thursday Delta,LATAM Airlines,Porter Airlines, +1 more Delta,LATAM Airlines, +2 more 1 Friday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Saturday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Sunday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Ottawa Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Delta,Porter Airlines, +1 more Aeromexico,Delta, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Wednesday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Thursday Aeromexico,Delta,Porter Airlines, +1 more Aeromexico,Delta, +2 more 1 Friday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Saturday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Sunday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Ottawa to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Ottawa to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Ottawa to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29957 reviews 81boarding 75food 78comfort 81overall 85crew 78entertainment Airline reviews Cons: "Seats were a little dirty especially for the COVID-19 going around."Read more about Delta Cons: "Seats were a little dirty especially for the COVID-19 going around." Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Pros: "Security and checking in was quick and easy! Crew members were understanding and accommodating." Pros: "Horrible delay with unruly customers on the plane. But the flight attendants did great handling them" Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Cons: "We had to wait at the customs for nearly 1.5hrs, then pick up our luggage, then check in again!!! We were running and got on the plane 10 mins before the departure. Super stressful!!" Pros: "The people was relaxed and the flight attendant was polite and professional.. everything was on time" Cons: "Nothing at all great service" Pros: "I think they flew so fast. We could land almost on time even though we departed a hour late. Airplane was new and clean." Cons: "Boarding was chaos. They overbooked 25? 45? Anyway, they are in panic. They tried to request ppl to take next day flight by giving away 300 gift card etc. the ppl who were told there are no seats upset and arguing at the gate. Flight was delayed for one hour. Once we are on airplane, they are still shuffling seats around, so ppl cannot move forward. Just standing there for 10mins waiting for things to settle. Flight attendants did not give us a headphone. (I have a headphone for iPhone X so I could not connect it to their entertaiment system.)" Pros: "Everything went as smoothly as possible. Not a hiccup. Great price, great flight, great experience!" Pros: "I love flying Delta. Non stop flights from DTW to MCO and FLL. The crew are so courteous. Love the new uniforms also." Cons: "Nothing." Cons: "Everything was great. Westjet is so much better than Air Canada!" Pros: "Crew did the best they could under the conditions" Cons: "There was a broken toilet that was very loud and created long line ups because economy only had use of the 1 bathroom while the first class had 2 bathrooms for so few people" Pros: "Crew and staff at gate fantastic. Accommodated me sitting with partner on both legs (booked flights separately)." Cons: "Flight was delayed. Always tough late at night." Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy" Pros: "All westjet workers are amazing. Starting from the people at the front desk, the crews on the plan and the people that give direction." Pros: "Good crew and on time departure" Cons: "Overnight flight. How nice it would have been to have blanket and pillows as provided by some airlines ." Pros: "Could not tap opinion on previous page. Good trip. Good service. Good legroom which was covered." Cons: "Food prices." Cons: "Delays left us in the plane for almost 1 1/2 hours before leaving Toronto." Pros: "Seats had room. Entertainment options were quite good." Cons: "WestJet has lost its Chutzpah. No longer knows it’s identity. Food choices were terrible for a 5.5 hour flight, and the couple of okay choices they were out of very quickly. Crew was friendly enough but no sparkle." Pros: "We were happy to be seated in the exit row which gave us additional space. Although it was a direct flight, they offered drinks and snacks twice, when normally when flying I only see then come by once. I noticed Aiden seemed really friendly and kept a smile. Also when dropping off our luggage beforehand was a fairly speedy process." Cons: "Seats don’t lean back." Porter, like most airlines, need to improve their baggage policies. In reality, there are no longer 'cheap flights' because passengers pay exorbitant baggage fees. Pros: "Amy was outstanding, she provided excellent service." Cons: "I wasn’t notified that the basic fare didn’t include carry-on baggage. It was disappointing having to pay for checked baggage without notification." Pros: "Really like the wine and chips included." Cons: "No entertainment options, but not a big deal considering how short all their routes are." Pros: "I felt like I was taken advantage of by porter airlines" Cons: "They didn’t tell me I had to pay 110$ to bring on carry on luggage! Unacceptable. I will never fly porter again." Pros: "The cookies" Cons: "They bumped our flight for no reason and we sat for 3 extra hours in Toronto as several flights to our destination passed" Pros: "Crew were lovely" Cons: "2 short hauls. Somewhat turbulent. No one can fix that,crept the Big Guy" Pros: "Beverages and variety of snacks on such a short flight - impressive" Pros: "On time, loved the Porter Lounge at Billy Bishop. Crew was friendly and helpful." Cons: "Didn’t realize that my fare didn’t include carryon, so had to pay extra to bring my briefcase." Pros: "Nothing whatsoever!" Cons: "Received e-mail about flight being cancelled on way to airport and could not get us on another flight for 4 hours. The cancellation was incredibly last minute and caused us to be stuck waiting in the airport almost 6 hours as the flight we got rebooked on was also delayed about an hour. The incredibly rude, unsympathetic and condescending associates that we experienced did not offer any solutions or show any compassion for the situation we, and others, were being put through. I will never fly Porter again and have told everyone I meet (and in my profession, that is a lot of people) never to fly Porter airlines. I was disgusted by the whole experienced. Shame on you!" Pros: "First time in 10 flights in 3 months flying with Porter in time - what a miracle!" Seating is very tight. We were delayed 90 minutes to board, because the flight crew were late Pros: "The crew was friendly and tried to provide a good service." Cons: "Wider seats and more leg room. The return trip from Ottawa to Vancouver was over $1200. I think that’s quite pricey given that any food or alcoholic beverage had to be purchased at an extra cost." Cons: "There was no coffee or tea available on the flight" Pros: "nothing" Cons: "The worst flight I have ever had. I am tall and this large plane was fit only for dwarfs. My knees were jammed into the seat in front of me and I could not move during the 3.5 hour duration. As a result of this experience I will NEVER fly air canada again. From now on it's whatever airline can treat it's customers with dignity." Pros: "The exact timing going and coming" Cons: "After returning back and the airplane taxing on the ground it takes one hour to go out of the airport gate to my riding although I have no luggage" Pros: "Flight late seats have no leg room it’s what one pays for for rouge flights though" Pros: "Got there with minimal delays" Cons: "Inattentive staff, broken tray table, seats not cleaned between flight ( covered in food crumbs), small seats" Pros: "Boarding was excellent, most of the staff except one was excellent. The flight was smooth. Got hooked on a new series that I started watching on the plane." Cons: "The wait time between flights on the way home was brutal but you expect that if you are flying on points. What made it worse was that I had to leave the secure area and collect my bags then wait 8 hours in the airport only to go through security again. On top of that trying to get my baggage tag there was a female agent that should have retired 100 years ago directing people like it was our fault she still had to work. If you can't be nice you should not be in customer service." Cons: "Air Canada Rouge is a nasty way to travel. In a standard seat, there is enough room for a very small adult/ child. If you are 6ft tall or more, you are going to be in trouble. If Air Canada gave an extra 3 inches of space for your knees between the seat in front of your own seat, everything else would be bearable. Corporate greed drives jamming in as many seats as humanly possible to ensure that you know how a sardine in a can feels. I am not sure why Air Canada feels justified in charging extra money for a bulkhead seat just so a customer can have a "normal" experience travelling. I would recommend every Air Canada exec goes for a ride on a Rouge Cattle Car to see how enjoyable it is." Cons: "No entertainment no snacks no checked in luggage. You have to pay to rent iPad to watch inflight movies as pay for earphones. Air Canada has become a premium priced airline with extra low cost /no frills service. Sad and disappointing. Last time I am flying with AC. Rather book cheaper airlines and know what to expect than pay a premium and get even less than the low cost option. Boarding staff was rude pushing people etc" Pros: "It got me where I needed to go" Cons: "So crowded, seats uncomfortable, wifi not working completely, screaming children." Pros: "Flight was on time. Boarding was hassle free as my carry on was checked for me. Mild turbulence. Smooth flight." Cons: "Drink service was later in the flight." Pros: "Having a direct flight across the country was a good thing. That was about the only positive, well that & we did land safely." Cons: "Ticket agent said I could take my bag on the plane. Gate agent told me my bag not I were going on the plane unless I paid $50 to put the bag below if I wanted to get in the plane. Very matter of fact & rude. I was just about the last person they let board so there really wasn't a chance to discuss with them. No WiFi on a cross country plane, lame. No access to the headrest video screen w/o paying for it, lame. Snotty unconcerned flight attendants as well. Overall one of the worst flights I've had in memory. I would pay more next time to fly another airline." Pros: "Got in my seat and took off right on time. Courteous welcoming staff as we boarded and deplaned." Cons: "The servers serving drinks and snacks, never smiled never said your welcome...maybe having a bad day? Sucks we have to pay to watch anything on tv. We pay enough at least let's us have two hours of entertainment." Pros: "Well, at least they gave me a blanket to sleep with." Cons: "You still have to pay to use tv, movies, and internet. The flight attendants did not give me any drink or snacks. They did not say goodbye or wish me a good time back home. Flying in the plane itself was awful, as it continuously shook even when weather was alright. The pilot seemed rude. No warnings from the pilot when we were going through bad weather - just a surprise "HANG ON" as the plane would shake in a frenzy. The chairs were also incredibly uncomfortable and very hard to relax on. I couldnt even sleep well, and it was an overnight trip. Seriously felt so disrespected by the crew and the company, and this experience was the same with all 4 flights I took (to portland and back). I will never again choose United." Pros: "I slept through whole way. So it was fabulous. Clean and fast trip." Pros: "Although the flight was cancelled due to the hurricane i got my money back." Cons: "I was thoroughly disappointed when I realized that I had to pay to get any type of entertainment on the in-flight screen. That feels like zero effort on the part of the airline to make my flight enjoyable." Cons: "After United made me miss my connecting flight, I got an alternate flight to a different airport, but not apology, no offer to upgrade, nothing. Already frustrated, and with my knees hitting the seat in front of me because the seats are too close together, a flight attendant scolded me when I dared put my leg in the aisle (which I often do on other airlines without incident). Once on the ground, I went straight to United's baggage office to see if my bag had followed me, and encountered two of the rudest people, cutting me off whenever I said anything more than they needed to enter into their computer. If your job is in customer service, be friendly, apologize when things go wrong, understand that your customers are your reason for being in business, and be helpful." Pros: "The flight attendant were super nice. Really nice people" Cons: "The flight was delayed almost 2 hours. Then the guy on the front desk was really rude .. Maybe because I'm Latino? I mean he was super friendly with a white guy and a African American girl .. But with me .. Rudeness and bad service .. I said "hello , how are you?".. He didn't answer .. I told him when I did my checkin my boarding pass had "See agent" in the seating section .. He just took the ticket and gave me the last sit available on the plain even though I arrived almost 3 hours before the original departing hour .. I don't know .. It might be the only available sit or it was just a racist thing .. Who knows .. Really disappointed with United. I'll go back with Ameican Airlines." Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Ottawa to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Ottawa to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 14/12Thu directPorter Airlines 3h 29mYOW-MCO C$ 94 Search 27/2Tue directPorter Airlines 3h 29mYOW-MCO C$ 101 Search 14/12Thu 1 stopAir Canada 6h 38mYOW-MCO C$ 104 Search 26/3Tue directPorter Airlines 3h 29mYOW-MCO C$ 111 Search 3/2Sat 1 stopAir Canada 6h 58mYOW-MCO C$ 130 Search 22/4Mon directDelta 3h 28mYOW-MCO C$ 131 Search 14/3Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 12h 17mYOW-MCO C$ 136 Search 17/2Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 16h 27mYOW-MCO C$ 149 Search 27/2Tue 1 stopWestJet 7h 23mYOW-MCO C$ 214 Search 29/2Thu directWestJet 3h 19mYOW-MCO C$ 227 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaDeltaUnited AirlinesWestJet Search by priceC$ 100 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 130 or lessC$ 150 or lessC$ 230 or less Last minute flights from Ottawa to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Ottawa to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue directPorter Airlines 3h 29mYOW-MCO 9/12Sat multi-stopPorter Airlines 7h 50mMCO-YOW C$ 170 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 5h 33mYOW-MCO 9/12Sat multi-stopPorter Airlines 7h 50mMCO-YOW C$ 179 Search 5/12Tue direct 3h 29mYOW-MCO 10/12Sun multi-stop 17h 50mMCO-YOW C$ 194 Search 4/12Mon direct 3h 29mYOW-MCO 11/12Mon direct 2h 55mMCO-YOW C$ 209 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 6h 38mYOW-MCO 16/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 6h 50mMCO-YOW C$ 246 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 7h 28mYOW-MCO 5/12Tue directAir Canada 3h 02mMCO-YOW C$ 251 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 7h 28mYOW-MCO 10/12Sun multi-stopWestJet 18h 20mMCO-YOW C$ 572 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 7h 28mYOW-MCO 1/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 27h 05mMCO-YOW C$ 590 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopDelta 7h 28mYOW-MCO 9/12Sat multi-stopDelta 12h 40mMCO-YOW C$ 802 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopDelta 15h 26mYOW-MCO 9/12Sat multi-stopDelta 12h 40mMCO-YOW C$ 926 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaWestJetDelta Search by priceC$ 180 or lessC$ 210 or lessC$ 250 or lessC$ 590 or lessC$ 930 or less Ottawa - Orlando Airport Flights Departure: Ottawa (YOW)Canada Destination: Orlando Airport (MCO)United States Return flight deals: Orlando Airport - Ottawa Cabin classes: First Class flights to Orlando C$ 2,439 Business Class flights to Orlando C$ 506 Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando C$ 209 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Ottawa C$ 195Flights from Ottawa to Orlando Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando » Orlando Airport C$ 195Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Halifax Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Victoria Flights to Kelowna Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando Airport from Ottawa. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Orlando Airport from Ottawa. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.