Cheap Flights from Vancouver Airport to Winnipeg from C$ 53 | (YVR - YWG) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YVR - YWG Find cheap flights from Vancouver to Winnipeg from C$ 53 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 28/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Winnipeg These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Winnipeg, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Winnipeg, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Vancouver Intl to Winnipeg?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Vancouver Intl to Winnipeg that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:00 a.m. - 11:32 a.m.YVR-YWG 2h 32mdirect 7:45 p.m. - 8:57 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 12mdirect C$ 68Lynx Air Find Deal Sun, 21 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 7:00 a.m. - 11:41 a.m.YVR-YWG 2h 41mdirect 10:20 p.m. - 11:27 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 07mdirect C$ 72Lynx Air Find Deal Wed, 10 Apr - Wed, 17 Apr 8:00 a.m. - 12:45 p.m.YVR-YWG 2h 45mdirect 8:45 p.m. - 9:56 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 11mdirect C$ 76Lynx Air Find Deal Fri, 22 Mar - Fri, 29 Mar 9:55 a.m. - 2:43 p.m.YVR-YWG 2h 48mdirect 7:40 p.m. - 8:52 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 12mdirect C$ 88 Find Deal Thu, 8 Feb - Sun, 11 Feb 9:55 a.m. - 2:43 p.m.YVR-YWG 2h 48mdirect 7:40 p.m. - 8:52 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 12mdirect C$ 91 Find Deal Thu, 8 Feb - Sun, 11 Feb 9:55 a.m. - 2:40 p.m.YVR-YWG 2h 45mdirect 7:45 p.m. - 8:57 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 12mdirect C$ 98 Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 9:55 a.m. - 2:40 p.m.YVR-YWG 2h 45mdirect 3:30 p.m. - 4:37 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 07mdirect C$ 204WestJet Find Deal Wed, 24 Jan - Wed, 7 Feb 9:55 a.m. - 2:40 p.m.YVR-YWG 2h 45mdirect 9:00 a.m. - 1:58 p.m.YWG-YVR 6h 58m2 stops C$ 205WestJet Find Deal Wed, 24 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 4:30 p.m. - 11:44 p.m.YVR-YWG 5h 14m1 stop 8:40 p.m. - 6:43 a.m.YWG-YVR 12h 03m1 stop C$ 327Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 13 Jan - Wed, 17 Jan 3:35 p.m. - 11:44 p.m.YVR-YWG 6h 09m1 stop 10:55 a.m. - 12:13 p.m.YWG-YVR 3h 18mdirect C$ 400Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 13 Jan - Wed, 17 Jan Show more results Flights from Vancouver Intl to Winnipeg - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Vancouver Intl to Winnipeg to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Vancouver Intl Airport to Winnipeg? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Winnipeg, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Winnipeg is May, where tickets cost C$ 179 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 392 and C$ 244 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Winnipeg? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Winnipeg, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Winnipeg, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 90 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Vancouver to Winnipeg? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Lynx Air (C$ 53) and WestJet (C$ 105). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Lynx Air (C$ 92) and WestJet (C$ 277). Which airlines fly direct between Vancouver Intl Airport and Winnipeg? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Winnipeg. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from Vancouver Intl Airport to Winnipeg. They are: Air Canada, Lynx Air and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Lynx Air at C$ 61. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Lynx Air. How many flights are there between Vancouver Intl Airport and Winnipeg per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 7 nonstop flights that take off from Vancouver Intl Airport and land in Winnipeg, with an average flight time of 2h 44m. The most common departure time is 8:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 32 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 22% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Vancouver Intl Airport and Winnipeg? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Vancouver to Winnipeg take? Direct flights cover the 2,998 km separating Vancouver to Winnipeg in about 2h 32m. What’s the earliest departure time from Vancouver to Winnipeg? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport at 7:00 am and will be landing in Winnipeg at 11:32 am. What’s the latest departure time from Vancouver to Winnipeg? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Winnipeg jets off at 7:30 pm and lands at 12:16 am. Good to know Low season January High season December Cheapest flight C$ 53 Best time to beat the crowds (12% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (78% more expensive on average) Flight from Vancouver to Winnipeg When to book flights from Vancouver Intl to Winnipeg Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Vancouver Intl to Winnipeg based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Vancouver to Winnipeg flights Does Vancouver International Airport have an art program? As they pass through Vancouver International Airport (YVR), art enthusiasts will be awed and inspired by its impressive exhibits. For instance, The Rivers Monument by Marianne Nicolson in the airport’s A and B domestic gates bids them dramatic farewell from Vancouver, with its glass-etched poles representing Fraser and Columbia Rivers. Where can I relax at Vancouver International Airport while waiting for my flight? Several airlines operate lounges at YVR where you can retreat while waiting for your departure. Popular lounges on the domestic side include Plaza Premium Lounge on Level 3, Gate C29, and Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge on the Airside, Domestic Departures. Any guest can use these suites provided they pay day’s pass. What shopping options are available at Winnipeg Airport? Chocolate lovers will relish stopping by Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory post-security to grab some chocolates, confectionary items, and frozen products. For electronics, souvenir apparel, gifts, and health and beauty aids, head to Prairie News with The Scoreboard, Level 2, post-security. Which other cities can I visit when I arrive at Winnipeg Airport? Besides Winnipeg, Winnipeg Airport serves flights to many other major destinations in Manitoba Province. For example, if you will be visiting towns Stonewall, Selkirk, Beausejour, and Morris, you’ll first land at YWG before connecting to your destination by road. How can I travel from Winnipeg Airport using public transportation? Winnipeg Transit buses 15 and 20 service the airport, connecting it with the downtown area. If you wish to use public transportation to get to your accommodation, the trip to the city centre takes about half an hour and the service operates between 5:30 am and 1:00 am. A regular one-way bus fare costs C$ 2.95. How much is a taxi from Winnipeg Airport? Taxis are the most convenient way to travel from the airport following flights from Vancouver to Winnipeg. Unicity Taxi operates from the airport and is available from outside Exit 3 of the main terminal. Taxis operate with metred rates, and if you are heading to the city centre the taxi fare will be around C$ 18. Can I rent a car from Winnipeg Airport? Car rental desks at the airport are all located in the Parkade’s main level. There are 4 desks from which 7 different car rental companies operate. Avis, Budget, Payless, Hertz, National and Alamo all operate from around 6:30 am or 7:00 am until midnight or 1:00 am. Enterprise has similar hours on weekdays and on Sunday, but closes at 9:00 pm on Saturdays. Are there any on-site airport hotels at Winnipeg Airport? Those who have a connecting flight and would like to stay at the airport will find 2 options for accommodation located just outside the terminals. The Grand Winnipeg Airport Hotel and the Four Points by Sheraton Winnipeg International Airport Hotel are both within walking distance from the airport, with the latter offering a free shuttle service and day rooms for rent. Alternatively, look for the Courtyard Winnipeg Airport Hotel, the Victoria Inn or the Hampton Inn by Hilton Winnipeg Airport/Polo Park Hotel, all 3min away and all offering an airport pick-up service. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Vancouver to Winnipeg? Jazz, and Air Canada offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Vancouver to Winnipeg flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Vancouver to Winnipeg? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Vancouver to Winnipeg flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Vancouver to Winnipeg? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Vancouver and Winnipeg, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Vancouver to Winnipeg? There are direct flights from Vancouver to Winnipeg on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Vancouver to Winnipeg, WestJet or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Vancouver to Winnipeg are WestJet and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 308 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 388 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Vancouver to Winnipeg? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Vancouver to Winnipeg. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Vancouver to Winnipeg? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Winnipeg from Vancouver is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Vancouver to Winnipeg? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Winnipeg with an airline and back to Vancouver with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Vancouver to Winnipeg? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Winnipeg from Vancouver up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Vancouver to Winnipeg Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 93 or less one-way and C$ 130 or less round-trip. Vancouver International Airport (YVR) is a parents’ favorite departure station, offering many family amenities. For instance, the nursing rooms at Gate 71 offer privacy for moms who want to breastfeed their kids or change their nappies. The rooms have sinks, chairs, and diaper disposal bins. If you have questions about Winnipeg Airport (YWG) on the establishment’s amenities, local attractions, or transfer options to downtown Winnipeg, stop by the Information Booth on the Arrivals Level near Door 3. The friendly staff will be willing to answer some of your questions. If you are travelling with a pet or a service animal, Winnipeg Airport (YWG) has a pet relief area located outside of Exit 3 from the arrivals level. Once you exit, turn right and walk along the sidewalk until you get to the dedicated green space. Passengers who are hungry following their flights from Vancouver to Winnipeg will find multiple food options available throughout the airport. Amongst these, Tim Horton’s in the arrivals hall and Stella’s Café in the departures hall are open 24h a day. You can have your teeth checked or get a cleaning done while waiting for your flight from Vancouver to Winnipeg. The Vancouver Airport Dental Centre at Vancouver International Airport (YVR) is located in the public area of the domestic terminal, and is open Monday to Saturday. Absolute Spa at Vancouver International Airport offers massages, facials and nail treatments for all travellers who are looking to be pampered before their flight. They have two locations in the domestic terminal, one on level 1 in the public area and the other next to Gate C47. Hop on the Canada Line train from downtown Vancouver or Richmond in order to get to Vancouver International Airport in a convenient and economical fashion. A one-way fare to the airport costs between C$ 7.95 and C$ 10.70 depending on where you’re leaving from, and trains run from around 5:00 am to 1:00 am. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Vancouver Intl to Winnipeg? Find which airlines fly direct from Vancouver Intl to Winnipeg, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Vancouver Intl to Winnipeg Search flights Monday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +7 more ANA,Aeromexico, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +6 more ANA,Aeromexico, +7 more 5 6 Wednesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +8 more ANA,Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Thursday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +7 more ANA,Aeromexico, +8 more 6 7 Friday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +8 more ANA,Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Saturday ANA,Air Canada,Air China, +1 more ANA,Air Canada, +2 more 1 Sunday ANA,Air Canada,Air France, +3 more ANA,Air Canada, +4 more 2 3 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Winnipeg to Vancouver Intl Search flights Monday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +8 more ANA,Aeromexico, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +7 more ANA,Aeromexico, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +9 more ANA,Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Thursday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +7 more ANA,Aeromexico, +8 more 6 7 Friday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +9 more ANA,Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Saturday ANA,Air Canada,Air China, +1 more ANA,Air Canada, +2 more 1 Sunday ANA,Air Canada,Cathay Pacific, +2 more ANA,Air Canada, +3 more 1 2 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 4 airlines serving from Vancouver Intl to Winnipeg See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Vancouver to Winnipeg. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Vancouver Intl to Winnipeg? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 71food 80overall 84crew 77comfort 70entertainment 81boarding Airline reviews Cons: "Wake people up when serving anything.. I have seen in some other airlines that one is provided with a sticker to place on your seat to show if you can or cannot be woken up"Read more about WestJet Cons: "Wake people up when serving anything.. I have seen in some other airlines that one is provided with a sticker to place on your seat to show if you can or cannot be woken up" Cons: "The baggage restriction was not good at least one Checking should be allowed" Cons: "From Vancouver to Los Angeles no screen seats no Entertainment" Pros: "Boarding, flight, and deplaning great.our seats were pre booked by West Jet and were the window and aisle seat. My husband is 6’5” and needs an aisle seat. We prefer to book our own seats at no cost. Fortunately our seat mate wanted to change too." Pros: "The flight didn’t get cancelled. We didn’t crash." Cons: "Flight was delayed because it came from Toronto and it needed to be cleaned." Pros: "Seats had room. Entertainment options were quite good." Cons: "WestJet has lost its Chutzpah. No longer knows it’s identity. Food choices were terrible for a 5.5 hour flight, and the couple of okay choices they were out of very quickly. Crew was friendly enough but no sparkle." Pros: "Very comfortable. I was impressed with seat comfort, especially nice after being in cattle class with another airline on a 12 hour flight across the Pacific." Cons: "It would have been nice for WJ to have an earlier flight from Vancouver to Winnipeg. But I understand it depends on demand." Cons: "Because of the discounted fare I was placed in rear seating at the very back of the plane and to change seats was to cost me $14" Pros: "Smooth trip." Cons: "No one would get a wheelchair to get to cart that was on different floor. Driver didn't volunteer to carry bags to cart." Pros: "Everything about the flight was fine except the delay waiting for the new crew." Cons: "The 90 minute delay taking off. The difficulty getting WestJet Connect entertainment software to work with my laptop. I finally gave up & watched tv on my phone." Rude flight attendant. No complimentary snacks available. Refused a refill of juice. Restrooms dirty. Not having a nearly two hour delay on my return flight to Winnipeg would have been better Being in business class made every aspect of the flight more comfortable and convenient; boarding was faster, the space was cozier, having a pleasant inflight meal (in this case, a parsley omelette), and above all, having two checked luggages included in the upgrade from economy? It was possibly the best flight I've ever been on. We were frustrated about the way they treated us as Star Alliance Gold. No early boarding and we had to argue for priority luggage. The flight was nice overall! No real other comments, everything was fairly reasonable from the airport process to departure and arrival. There was a bit of delay in the departure, but was well communicated and did not severely affect the arrival time beyond 20-30 minutes. Cons: "After a delay on my first flight, I managed to get to the gate with a few minutes to spare and the door open. The desk agent refused to let me board the plane." Cons: "Started off by being 40 mins delayed. Not bad, compared to the 4 hour delay I had going to Vancouver. Flight was super uncomfortable. Upon arrival to Toronto. The gate had ice on it. So we had to wait in the plane for over an hour before we could get to a gate and off the plane. And then the entire plane of people (300-400 people I believe?) had to wait for our bags to come out for TWO HOURS! Meanwhile flights from Vancouver that we’re supposed to leave after us , left before us, got there before us, and got their bags before us. Horrible trip. I could not believe how unprofessional and unprepared Air Canada and the Toronto airport was during the holidays!" Pros: "Air Canada has one of the best buy on board menu's of any North American carrier. They even allow you to purchase Business Class meals (subject to availability of course). Flying on the older 767-300ER also has more shoulder and leg room than some of Air Canada's newer configurations for the 787 and 777." Cons: "Air Canada's boarding process is a bit frustrating. On American Airlines and United Flight attendants make announcements over the PA to (a) step out of the aisle to let people pass, and (b) place larger suitcases in the overhead and smaller bags under the seat. That way they try to ensure there is enough bin space to accommodate everyone. Passengers on Air Canada stuff everything in to the overhead bin and nothing under their seat, leaving little for those boarding after and delaying the flight because flight attendants are looking for bin space. If they were more pro-active, it would speed things up." Pros: "Your customers are nicer than your staff." Cons: "Firstly I will start with the lack of service we provided when trying to get seats together after checking in online. We rang and were told to try at the airport counter. Then at the airport counter we were told to try at the gate and then at the gate when I went to ask I was told to go get both tickets before they told us that there was no 2 seats together anyway rather than looking first. All whilst explaining this was our honeymoon and we would really like to sit together as husband and wife. Then once we boarded the guy sitting next to me was happy to swap seats with my wife as he had back problems and had asked for an aisle seat but was denied. Finally we are underway and I find that my entertainment touch screen doesn't work so even though it is one i can't select anything to watch. Plus to top it off the seat arm rest was broken. Obviously with a fairly full flight with no 2 seats together their wasn't much that could be done immediately but where is the maintenance and actual physical plane quality? Do your engineers or staff not check things? Overall dispite this being our national carrier I am ashamed to claim that. Many of our overseas visitors for the wedding from Australia and Europe also had similar complaints." Pros: "Quick boarding, staff friendly and helpful. Flight attendants ensured those with connecting flights deplaned quickly when we arrived at the gate in Montreal." Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Vancouver to Winnipeg Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Vancouver to Winnipeg found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 28/2Wed directLynx Air 2h 32mYVR-YWG C$ 39 Search 2/2Fri directLynx Air 2h 32mYVR-YWG C$ 42 Search 7/3Thu directWestJet 2h 48mYVR-YWG C$ 77 Search 28/1Sun 1 stopFlair Airlines 18h 45mYVR-YWG C$ 101 Search 23/1Tue 1 stop 7h 24mYVR-YWG C$ 106 Search 16/1Tue 1 stop 7h 24mYVR-YWG C$ 109 Search 9/1Tue 2 stopsWestJet 8h 14mYVR-YWG C$ 131 Search 28/1Sun 2 stopsFlair Airlines 26h 20mYVR-YWG C$ 140 Search 18/1Thu directAir Canada 2h 46mYVR-YWG C$ 145 Search 10/2Sat 2 stopsAir Canada 13h 49mYVR-YWG C$ 152 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirWestJetFlair AirlinesAir Canada Search by priceC$ 40 or lessC$ 100 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 140 or lessC$ 150 or less Last minute flights from Vancouver Intl to Winnipeg Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Vancouver to Winnipeg that are departing in the next 10 days. 3/12Sun directLynx Air 2h 32mYVR-YWG 6/12Wed directLynx Air 3h 12mYWG-YVR C$ 248 Search 3/12Sun direct 2h 32mYVR-YWG 10/12Sun multi-stop 24h 07mYWG-YVR C$ 249 Search 3/12Sun direct 2h 32mYVR-YWG 6/12Wed multi-stop 29h 55mYWG-YVR C$ 252 Search 3/12Sun direct 2h 32mYVR-YWG 8/12Fri multi-stop 29h 55mYWG-YVR C$ 261 Search 3/12Sun directLynx Air 2h 32mYVR-YWG 8/12Fri directLynx Air 3h 12mYWG-YVR C$ 263 Search 4/12Mon directLynx Air 2h 32mYVR-YWG 11/12Mon directLynx Air 3h 12mYWG-YVR C$ 280 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 14h 50mYVR-YWG 6/12Wed multi-stopWestJet 29h 55mYWG-YVR C$ 483 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 26h 23mYVR-YWG 10/12Sun multi-stopWestJet 15h 57mYWG-YVR C$ 515 Search 4/12Mon directAir Canada 2h 46mYVR-YWG 9/12Sat directAir Canada 3h 18mYWG-YVR C$ 802 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 2h 46mYVR-YWG 8/12Fri directAir Canada 3h 18mYWG-YVR C$ 824 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirWestJetAir Canada Search by priceC$ 250 or lessC$ 260 or lessC$ 280 or lessC$ 520 or lessC$ 820 or less Vancouver - Winnipeg Flights Departure: Vancouver (YVR)Canada Destination: Winnipeg (YWG)Canada Return flight deals: Winnipeg - Vancouver Cabin classes: First Class flights to Winnipeg C$ 1,159 Business Class flights to Winnipeg Prem Econ Class flights to Winnipeg C$ 80 Economy Class flights to Winnipeg Browse origins: Flights » Canada » British Columbia » Vancouver Airport C$ 87Flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Winnipeg Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Winnipeg C$ 87Flights to Winnipeg, Winnipeg Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Ottawa Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Kelowna Flights to Kamloops Flights to Yellowknife Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Winnipeg flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Winnipeg from Vancouver. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Winnipeg from Vancouver. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.