Cheap Flights from Minneapolis to Boston from $55 | (MSP - BOS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MSP - BOS Find cheap flights from Minneapolis to Boston from $55 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/20. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Boston These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to Boston. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to Boston. How much is the cheapest flight from Minneapolis to Boston?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Minneapolis to Boston that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 1:46 pm - 8:11 amMSP-BOS 17h 25m1 stop 9:48 am - 1:56 pmBOS-MSP 29h 08m1 stop $138Frontier Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Tue, Jan 9 6:50 am - 10:40 amMSP-BOS 2h 50mnonstop 9:48 am - 1:56 pmBOS-MSP 29h 08m1 stop $139 Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Tue, Jan 9 7:52 pm - 11:40 pmMSP-BOS 2h 48mnonstop 4:32 pm - 7:05 pmBOS-MSP 3h 33mnonstop $153JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Jan 10 6:16 pm - 12:55 amMSP-BOS 5h 39m1 stop 12:45 pm - 6:57 pmBOS-MSP 7h 12m1 stop $154American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Tue, Jan 30 5:45 am - 9:37 amMSP-BOS 2h 52mnonstop 11:20 am - 1:39 pmBOS-MSP 3h 19mnonstop $155Sun Country Air Find Deal Sat, Dec 23 - Thu, Jan 4 6:50 am - 10:33 amMSP-BOS 2h 43mnonstop 11:30 am - 1:38 pmBOS-MSP 3h 08mnonstop $158Sun Country Air Find Deal Thu, Apr 25 - Mon, Apr 29 7:50 pm - 11:40 pmMSP-BOS 2h 50mnonstop 4:32 pm - 7:05 pmBOS-MSP 3h 33mnonstop $168JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sun, Jan 21 6:16 pm - 12:52 amMSP-BOS 5h 36m1 stop 6:54 pm - 12:27 amBOS-MSP 6h 33m1 stop $184American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sun, Jan 21 8:24 pm - 12:19 amMSP-BOS 2h 55mnonstop 5:20 pm - 8:03 pmBOS-MSP 3h 43mnonstop $203Delta Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Jan 10 3:15 pm - 10:25 pmMSP-BOS 6h 10m1 stop 6:10 am - 8:50 amBOS-MSP 3h 40mnonstop $213Delta Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Jan 10 Show more results Flights from Minneapolis to Boston - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Minneapolis to Boston to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Minneapolis to Boston? The average price of all flights from Minneapolis to Boston clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Minneapolis to Boston, you should consider leaving on a Wednesday and avoid Sundays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Minneapolis, you’ll find the best rates on Tuesdays and the most expensive ones on Mondays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Minneapolis to Boston? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Minneapolis to Boston is January, where tickets cost $217 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $308 and $298 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Minneapolis to Boston? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Minneapolis to Boston, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 70 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Minneapolis to Boston? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Frontier ($55) and JetBlue ($69). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Frontier ($138) and JetBlue ($153). Which airlines fly non-stop between Minneapolis and Boston? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Minneapolis to Boston. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Minneapolis to Boston. They are: Delta, JetBlue and Sun Country Air. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Sun Country Air at $91 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Sun Country Air. How many flights are there between Minneapolis and Boston per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 7 nonstop flights that take off from Minneapolis and land in Boston, with an average flight time of 2h 54m. The most common departure time is 8:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 33 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Minneapolis and Boston? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Minneapolis to Boston take? The average nonstop flight takes 2h 43m, covering a distance of 1,119 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Minneapolis to Boston? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Minneapolis at 5:15 am and will be landing in Boston at 9:07 am. What’s the latest departure time from Minneapolis to Boston? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Minneapolis to Boston jets off at 8:40 pm and lands at 12:27 am. Good to know Low season January High season October Cheapest flight $55 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 18% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 4% lower on average. Flight from Minneapolis to Boston When to book flights from Minneapolis to Boston Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Minneapolis to Boston based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Minneapolis to Boston Does Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) have an airport hotel? If you’re looking to stay at BOS, book a stay at the Hilton Boston Logan Airport. This establishment sits within airport grounds, and you can access it from Terminals A and E via the climate-controlled sky bridge. The establishment offers day rooms as well as overnight stays, and they also have an onsite restaurant. Which airlines should I consider booking when flying from Minneapolis to Boston with my kids? Among the airlines along this route, JetBlue stands out as one that has some of the best onboard kid-friendly amenities. For instance, the airline provides priority boarding to all travelers accompanied with their young ones. Additionally, JetBlue is popular for having the most of extra legroom complementing the spacious seats in all its cabins. Does Boston Logan International Airport offer accessible services? BOS is a barrier-free airport. Elevators are included in all terminals and garages and ramps curbside for access to and through the terminal building. Accessible and family restrooms are provided in all terminals, and there are reserved parking spots for passengers in wheelchairs. Services animals are allowed through the airport, and elevator buttons are braille-coded for low-vision passengers. TTY telephones, visual paging, and closed captioning on video announcements are provided at BOS for the hard-of-hearing passengers. What is the best way to get out of Boston Logan International Airport? Blue Line Buses are the most affordable transport option from BOS to the city center as well as other parts of the city. From any airline terminal in BOS, connect to Blue Line Airport Station using the free Massport shuttle bus. You can use either shuttle bus Route 22, 33, or 55. Does Boston Logan International Airport offer family services? Nursing suites are available in all terminals and offer changing tables, power outlets, sinks, and fold-down chairs. You’ll find nursing suites around Gates B37, B7, B18, C8, E31, and E9. If you need to soothe your baby, rest areas are provided in general seating areas, and rest areas feature rocking chairs. The airport also has a play area for the older kids; the Kid Ports are in every terminal, and you’ll find them around Gates 25, 18, and 30-36. How can I catch up with earliest light from Minneapolis to Boston? You should consider spending the night before travel at one of the hotels closer to MSP if planning to travel with the earliest flight to Boston. A good hotel you may consider in this case is Hampton Inn & Suites Minneapolis-St.Paul-Airport. Apart from being near the airport, you will also enjoy free airport shuttles when connecting from this facility to the airport. What are the transport options from Boston Logan International Airport? The Logan Express is a public bus that travels from BOS to the Boston metro area. You can board it from the airport’s terminals on the lowest levels. The MBTA also provides a bus, subway, and boat from the airport. The Blue line train and the Silver line bus are the quickest options for getting downtown. There’s also a commuter boat at BOS. Taxis are also available at the arrivals area of each terminal, and all are metered. BOS also has a rental car center, and Avis, Budget, Hertz, Enterprise, and National have counters here. Does Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport (MSP) serve as a hub for any airline(s)? Yes. MSP serves as a hub for Delta and Northwest Airlines and a base for Sun Country Airlines. You stand better chances of getting a flight that suits in your schedule if you book any of these three airlines, thanks to their high frequency of daily flight to BOS from MSP. How convenient is it to land at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS)? If your flight from MSP touches the ground at BOS late at night, you can spend the remaining hours of the night at Hilton Boston Logan Airport. The hotel is a walkable distance from the airport. However, you can connect to it using the free airport shuttles available at BOS 24/7. Where can travelers landing at Boston Logan International Airport get rental cars? A number of rental car companies, including Enterprise, Budget, and Avis, are inside the Rental Car Center located within BOS. From the terminals, you can connect to this center using free rental car shuttle buses. Do I need a passport to fly between Minneapolis and Boston? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Minneapolis to Boston. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airports will I be using when flying from Minneapolis to Boston? Minneapolis airport is called Minneapolis St Paul and the only airport in Boston is Boston Logan Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Minneapolis to Boston? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Minneapolis to Boston flight route: Delta, JetBlue, American Airlines, Cape Air, Spirit Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Virgin Atlantic, KLM, Horizon Air, Frontier, and Air France. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Minneapolis to Boston? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Minneapolis to Boston flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Minneapolis to Boston? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Minneapolis and Boston. On which days can I fly direct from Minneapolis to Boston? There are nonstop flights from Minneapolis to Boston on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Minneapolis to Boston, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Minneapolis to Boston are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $463 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $228 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Minneapolis to Boston? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Minneapolis to Boston. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Minneapolis to Boston? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Boston from Minneapolis is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Minneapolis to Boston? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Boston with an airline and back to Minneapolis with another airline. Booking your flights between Minneapolis and BOS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Minneapolis to Boston? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Boston from Minneapolis up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from MSP to Boston Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $179 or less one-way and $219 or less round-trip. Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport (MSP) has two terminals, Lindbergh and Humphrey. Lindbergh is Terminal 1 and has seven concourses, while Terminal 2 only has one. The airport has a free tram service and light rail for travel between terminals and around the airport. Flights from Minneapolis to Boston depart from Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport (MSP) and arrive at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS). When connecting to MSP from Downtown Minneapolis, Metro Blue Line buses provide the reliable and affordable means of transport. However, if you want to take the shortest time to arrive at the airport from downtown, you can use a taxi. Pets are welcome to travel through MSP. Pets have both indoor and outdoor pet relief areas. You will find pet relief areas at MSP on the Connector Bridge, Concourse E, and outside doors 8 and 1. Apart from BOS, some of the flights from Minneapolis to Boston arrive at Providence T.F. Green International Airport (PVD). Choosing to fly from MSP to PVD increases your chances of getting cheaper Minneapolis to Boston flight deals since this is a less popular route. Additionally, you enjoy shorter queues at the baggage claim areas at PVD unlike at BOS. Around 656 kg of carbon is emitted per passenger on flights from Minneapolis to Boston. However, you can fly more sustainably with United Airlines, JetBlue, and American airlines. They offer flights that emit 53%, 51%, and 51% less carbon per passenger. You can conveniently fly with your pet from Minneapolis to Boston. Before getting to your plane at MSP, utilize the pet relief area located near the entrance to Concourse E. All airlines flying along this route have friendly pet policies. When you land at BOS, you can have pet relieved at one of the pet relief areas in Terminals B and E. In Terminal E for instance, the pet relief area is located post-security near Gate E7. Before your flight, you can unwind at the Delta and United Airlines lounges at MSP. Delta operates a members-only lounge on Concourses C and F, while United Airlines’ lounge on Concourse E is accessible by paying at the door and showing your flight ticket. Set up shop at any of the business centers at MSP before your flight. The semi-private workstations offer desks, telephones, and data ports and are free. You’ll find them on Concourse A, B, C, and D in Terminal 1, and opposite Gate H3 in Terminal 2. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Minneapolis St Paul to Boston Logan Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Minneapolis St Paul to Logan Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Minneapolis St Paul to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +6 more Aeromexico, Air France, +7 more 5 6 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +6 more Aeromexico, Air France, +7 more 5 6 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +7 more Aeromexico, Air France, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Boston Logan Intl to Minneapolis St Paul Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +11 more 9 10 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Minneapolis to Boston See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Minneapolis to Boston. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Minneapolis to Boston? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 85overall 85boarding 88crew 78entertainment 82comfort 79food Airline reviews Pros: "Seats are comfortable" Cons: "Shouldn’t have to pay for snacks on trans US flight. And didn’t have entertainment system at dear, had to use phone, tablet"Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "Seats are comfortable" Cons: "Shouldn’t have to pay for snacks on trans US flight. And didn’t have entertainment system at dear, had to use phone, tablet" Cons: "Booked an aisle seat. Received a middle seat on the day of the flight." Cons: "I was not notified that my card was declined and this caused a ton of delays" Pros: "Crew was friendly. Seats were comfortable. Premium class has lots of legroom." Cons: "The 737-800 restrooms are tiny and cramped. The landing in Boston was a jolt." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "What have been nice if I was told that seat availability was nonexistent. I tried checking in each day without any information such as give it up you suck and you’re going to get the worst seed no better how much you try to avoid it…" Cons: "The flight was oversold and my husband did not have a seat assignment. The desk agent was helpful and was able to put us together" Pros: "Crew was amazing and friendly. Clean, chargers for phones in front of the seat and free WiFi for messaging on board." Cons: "Offered free movie watching but our iPhones didn’t have plugs for earbuds, so we couldn’t enjoy it because it would disturb others having the sound on." Pros: "We left on time and arrived early with a smooth landing" Pros: "I was so impressed with the genuine kindness and caring of the crew." Pros: "Alaska flight crew treated treated my violin with extra care. Thanks!" Pros: "Jet blue flights seem generally good. Like the WiFi access to be Able to use flight time efficiently." Pros: "The available movies were pretty good." Cons: "The crew member serving the food was way too slow." Cons: "Flight was 3 1/2 hours delayed. In-flight entertainment system didn’t function. They didn’t perform a beverage/snack service. Very poor overall. Disappointing." Cons: "Our flight was delayed 4 times. We then sat on the runway for an extra 45 minutes because someone’s tv did not work. We missed our set transportation which was already rescheduled 4 times and had to pay $150 Uber to get home" Pros: "It was a good experience overall" Cons: "There were things like delays that couldn’t be helped but it was an inconvenience" Cons: "They had to reset entertainment sets 3 times before they started working. This happens regularly on the SFO to BOS jetblue flight." Cons: "We had a delay of 3 hrs which kept us waiting in the middle of the night" Pros: "Crew informed us about the time delays and why we had to unload the plane ." Cons: "Boston closed their airport due to high winds." Pros: "The crew was fabulous. They were so friendly and efficient that it truly made the experience pleasant from start to finish." Pros: "They are a great airline! The entire crew makes you feel like you are welcome.. ( unlike almost ALL other airlines ) Jet Blue is most definitely my airline of choice. They try hard, and do a wonderful job!" Pros: "Crew was nice and friendly" Cons: "The economy seats in an A321 are uncomfortable and there is very limited legroom." Pros: "Crew were helpful and cheerful." Cons: "Flight on time! Missed connections. In hotel overnight. Missed the event I was travelling to attend!" Cons: "Flight attendant in First class was visibly frustrated and unfriendly. He was not helping with my simple request for a blanket. Also, the were no food service in first class." Pros: "The crew was super friendly and professional. Enjoyed the reworked safety message before take-off." Cons: "The Comfort+ seat, while it had plenty of leg room in front, had a small width-box that many Americans (being larger than perhaps they should be) will find extremely uncomfortable at best, and unable to fit in at worst." Pros: "On this short flight, the flight attendant was wonderful, accommodating special requests and being fully engaged with passengers. On time departure, early arrival, overall a nice quick flight to Duluth." Cons: "CRJ200 planes are always a bit cramped, and having to gate check anything bigger than a small purse is an inconvenience. Hopefully the fleet will change over to the Embrair planes soon. Beware 'Basic' flyers (cheap tickets): you are not eligible to take an earlier flight even if available." Pros: "Delta, as always, comes through! Although my original flight was delayed, Delta provided the option to rebook on another DL flight at no additional cost. They made it super easy! As always, the crew was friendly, helpful and professional! Thanks!" Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Pros: "Food was excellent. I had the pasta. Loved watching movies." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The flight attendants skipped many rows of people not offering food or beverage. I wasnt sleep so not sure why I wasnt asked did I want a beverage or snack" Pros: "Everythg was perfect" Cons: "Have some headset so people can watch movies in the plane" Cons: "Rowsofseats way to close together. Way to hot in plane until we reached 10,000 feet." Cons: "SC recently changed their baggage policy and the line at 6:00a to check a bag was from one end of the terminal to the other. I’m sure they’ll get it figured out at some point but they had to pull people on flights leaving within the next hour from the lines in order to get flights out on time. Terrible experience, no apology, no explanation." Pros: "Saved money booking this airline." Cons: "No online checkin or seat selection. Airport check-in was 3rd World like. Unable to process boarding two planes at once - meant an hour delay in taking off." Pros: "They were up front about the plane change and gave plenty of warning." Pros: "Everyone, from the personnel at check-in, the gate to the entire flight team were efficient, professional, cheerfully helpful, and all-around in good spirits. Given that Thanksgiving eve is such a busy travel day, I was pleased with the positive experience." Pros: "I liked it all. It was comfortable and on time. And I had a delicious snack." Pros: "I upgraded to first class, so everything was smooth and comfortable. The flights were on time both ways." Pros: "Cheap fare" Cons: "They lost both our bags No leg room or space in coach Poor food options" Cons: "Plane was an hour late in leaving. Seats crowded and only middle seat available, We spent $15. for preferred seating for my husband and then none of us got to sit together. Nothing for snack and offered drinks once." Pros: "The price was right" Cons: "I wasn’t able to select my seat when I booked the flight and I wasn’t able to check in and get my boarding pass online. Then the flight was delayed almost an hour." Pros: "The flight was crowded, but what can you expect? Turbulence prevented beverage service. The flight arrived early but had to wait to land." Cons: "inflight entertainment wasn't working on my seat only which made my 6 hour flight seem even longer :(" Pros: "Let's see - I was in first class. The flight itself was fine - and only one hour + late!" Cons: "Food - Served the "breakfast" (when it was called a protein plate) I had coming (into MSP). for "lunch" on the way back (called it a meat plate for lunch. One slice turkey, one slice jamon, one egg, cinnamon roll and fruit. Just because they don't want to serve bread - they call it a protein plate? I'm not on a protein diet. Food was pretty sick for the amount I paid for the fight. Stewardess said it was against Republic's rules to give a customer a can of tonic water (so I could add to the small amount of vodka) - she also told me that it was against Delta's, American's and United's rules to give a can - strange? First Class seat did not recline. First Class was freezing per every flight on this segment (the stewardesses sit in the back and don't want to be uncomfortable - if they make the front warm - the back is too hot for them (not joking on this one). So many things to list - that I will finish on the AA site." Pros: "Wi-Fi was great. Watched two movies. Flight was on time and painless" Cons: "Only complimentary snack was pretzels and only a cup of water." Cons: "We flew from Rome to JFK and arrived at 12:40 pm only to find out that our 3:30 pm flight had been cancelled a long time ago. No one had notified us of our new booking on a 9:10 flight to Boston. No one at American or British Airways could provide us with an earlier departure or compensate us to take alternative transportation. Our 9:10 flight was then delayed until 10:50 pm. We arrived in Boston at 12:02 am, 11 1/2 hours after our arrival at JFK from Rome. This was not a very friendly welcome home. We never would have booked such an extended delay as we only live 4 hours from New York City." Pros: "One was great and one was not helpful and was condescending" Pros: "Staff was polite and friendly. It was a great experience!" Cons: "not enough space for legs, no food, flight attendants not especially nice, a long delay, ..." Pros: "Quick board and exit, fast check-in" Cons: "Wi-Fi onboard free for all T Mobile customers, cramped seat room for a smaller adult even" Cons: "We were downgraded from Main Cabin Extra rows 7 and 8 to row 30. We were told that we will get refund automatically. However, we received nothing. Getting a refund back is now becomes a very complicated process with zero transparency. Main Cabin Extra is kind of a scam. We bought it specifically for an extra leg room. However, on the flight from PHX to BOS, all seats in the economy class have the same leg room. The agent explicitly told us that on this plane all seats are the same. So, they offer product they do not have and collect money. Sounds like a scam to me." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Minneapolis to Boston Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Minneapolis to Boston found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/20Tue 1 stopFrontier 19h 18mMSP-BOS $55 Search 2/20Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 43mMSP-BOS $69 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 56mMSP-BOS $77 Search 12/23Sat nonstopSun Country Air 2h 52mMSP-BOS $78 Search 4/26Fri nonstopSun Country Air 2h 43mMSP-BOS $79 Search 1/25Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 07mMSP-BOS $92 Search 1/12Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 23mMSP-BOS $94 Search 1/26Fri 2 stopsSpirit Airlines 14h 32mMSP-BOS $108 Search 2/14Wed 2 stopsSpirit Airlines 12h 38mMSP-BOS $122 Search 12/25Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 4h 59mMSP-BOS $159 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierJetBlueAmerican AirlinesSun Country AirUnited AirlinesSpirit Airlines Search by price$70 or less$80 or less$90 or less$110 or less$160 or less Last minute flights from Minneapolis to Boston Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Minneapolis to Boston that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 17h 52mMSP-BOS 12/10Sun multi-stopFrontier 24h 15mBOS-MSP $168 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 17h 52mMSP-BOS 12/8Fri multi-stopFrontier 27h 37mBOS-MSP $172 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSun Country Air 2h 46mMSP-BOS 12/7Thu nonstopSun Country Air 3h 09mBOS-MSP $238 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 48mMSP-BOS 12/13Wed nonstopJetBlue 3h 22mBOS-MSP $308 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSun Country Air 2h 46mMSP-BOS 12/10Sun nonstopSun Country Air 3h 09mBOS-MSP $333 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 48mMSP-BOS 12/8Fri nonstopJetBlue 3h 22mBOS-MSP $351 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 2h 55mMSP-BOS 12/10Sun nonstopDelta 3h 30mBOS-MSP $401 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 2h 51mMSP-BOS 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 3h 25mBOS-MSP $441 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 39mMSP-BOS 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 12mBOS-MSP $474 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 03mMSP-BOS 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 02mBOS-MSP $644 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSun Country AirJetBlueDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$170 or less$310 or less$350 or less$440 or less$640 or less Minneapolis - Boston Flights Departure: Minneapolis (MSP)United States Destination: Boston (BOS)United States Return flight deals: Boston - Minneapolis Cabin classes: $773 First Class flights to Boston Business Class flights to Boston $470 Prem Econ Class flights to Boston $124 Economy Class flights to Boston Browse origins: Flights » United States » Minnesota » Minneapolis $138Flights from Minneapolis to Boston Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $138Flights to Boston, Boston Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Tampa Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Boston flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Boston from Minneapolis. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Boston from Minneapolis. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.