Cheap Flights from Vancouver Airport to Los Angeles from C$ 90 | (YVR - LAX) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YVR - LAX Find cheap flights from Vancouver to Los Angeles from C$ 90 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 7/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Los Angeles These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Los Angeles. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Los Angeles. How much is the cheapest flight from Vancouver Intl to Los Angeles?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Vancouver Intl to Los Angeles that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:05 a.m. - 9:05 a.m.YVR-LAX 3h 00mdirect 9:50 a.m. - 12:55 p.m.LAX-YVR 3h 05mdirect C$ 111Flair Airlines Find Deal Tue, 9 Jan - Thu, 18 Jan 6:05 a.m. - 9:05 a.m.YVR-LAX 3h 00mdirect 9:50 a.m. - 12:55 p.m.LAX-YVR 3h 05mdirect C$ 112Flair Airlines Find Deal Tue, 16 Jan - Sat, 20 Jan 8:00 a.m. - 10:51 a.m.YVR-LAX 2h 51mdirect 11:40 a.m. - 2:41 p.m.LAX-YVR 3h 01mdirect C$ 170WestJet Find Deal Fri, 9 Feb - Tue, 13 Feb 7:50 p.m. - 10:48 p.m.YVR-LAX 2h 58mdirect 6:15 a.m. - 9:17 a.m.LAX-YVR 3h 02mdirect C$ 190United Airlines Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Thu, 14 Dec 4:20 p.m. - 7:12 p.m.YVR-LAX 2h 52mdirect 11:40 a.m. - 2:38 p.m.LAX-YVR 2h 58mdirect C$ 191WestJet Find Deal Mon, 15 Jan - Wed, 31 Jan 7:50 p.m. - 10:48 p.m.YVR-LAX 2h 58mdirect 6:15 a.m. - 9:17 a.m.LAX-YVR 3h 02mdirect C$ 192Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Sun, 28 Jan 10:55 a.m. - 1:53 p.m.YVR-LAX 2h 58mdirect 6:15 a.m. - 9:17 a.m.LAX-YVR 3h 02mdirect C$ 195United Airlines Find Deal Thu, 14 Dec - Mon, 18 Dec 2:05 p.m. - 9:07 p.m.YVR-LAX 7h 02m1 stop 11:00 a.m. - 6:03 p.m.LAX-YVR 7h 03m1 stop C$ 197Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 9 Feb - Wed, 14 Feb 6:00 a.m. - 10:52 a.m.YVR-LAX 4h 52m1 stop 6:00 a.m. - 11:54 a.m.LAX-YVR 5h 54m1 stop C$ 215Alaska Airlines Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Thu, 14 Dec 5:55 p.m. - 10:40 p.m.YVR-LAX 4h 45m1 stop 6:00 a.m. - 10:54 a.m.LAX-YVR 4h 54m1 stop C$ 222Alaska Airlines Find Deal Sun, 14 Jan - Fri, 2 Feb Show more results Flights from Vancouver Intl to Los Angeles - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Vancouver Intl to Los Angeles to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Vancouver Intl Airport to Los Angeles? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Los Angeles is September, where tickets cost C$ 259 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 438 and C$ 413 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Los Angeles? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Los Angeles, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 84 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Vancouver to Los Angeles? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Vancouver to Los Angeles were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 151) and WestJet (C$ 231). Flair Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 90. Which airlines fly direct between Vancouver Intl Airport and Los Angeles? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Los Angeles. There are 5 airlines that fly direct from Vancouver Intl Airport to Los Angeles. They are: Air Canada, American Airlines, Flair Airlines, United Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 117. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Vancouver Intl Airport and Los Angeles per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 7 nonstop flights that take off from Vancouver Intl Airport and land in Los Angeles, with an average flight time of 3h 00m. The most common departure time is 7:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 36 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Vancouver Intl Airport and Los Angeles? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Vancouver to Los Angeles take? Direct flights from Vancouver generally make it to Los Angeles in 2h 51m. The flying distance between the two cities is 2,800 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Vancouver to Los Angeles? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport at 6:05 am and will be landing in Los Angeles at 9:05 am. What’s the latest departure time from Vancouver to Los Angeles? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Los Angeles jets off at 7:50 pm and lands at 10:48 pm. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 90 Best time to beat the crowds (10% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (11% more expensive on average) Flight from Vancouver to Los Angeles When to book flights from Vancouver Intl to Los Angeles Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Vancouver Intl to Los Angeles based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Vancouver to Los Angeles flights Does the Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) offer any types of places I can go to help me feel more refreshed after a long flight from Vancouver? Passengers can utilize the shower services for a fee inside several of the airline lounges at the airport. One example of this is the American Airlines Admiral's Club, that has a location in Terminals Four and Five as well as at the KAL Lounge in the Tom Bradley International Terminal. Passengers will also find spa locations in Terminals One and Give that offer a great spot to get freshened up after a long flight. Are either the Vancouver International Airport (YVR) or Los Angeles International Airport a hub for any airline? Vancouver International Airport is a major hub for Air Canada, and Los Angeles International Airport is a hub for Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Airlines, and United Airlines. The fact that Vancouver is a hub for Air Canada is important for travellers on this route because it means there are always flight options between the cities in case of any issues with your original flight. If I need ground transportation to a destination outside of the Los Angeles area, are there options from the airport? There are several bus routes that offer service to destinations that surround the greater Los Angeles area. All of these busses will pick up passengers on the lower arrivals level of each terminal. There will be a green sign that reads “Buses and Long Distance Vans” marking the area. Some of the destinations include Bakersfield, Palmdale and Lancaster, Santa Barbara, and Ventura and Oxnard. Are there shared ride options available at Los Angeles Airport? There are two companies that offer shared ride services from Los Angeles Airport. Both Prime Time Shuttle and Super Shuttle operate at Los Angeles Airport and service all counties in Southern California. Both of these shuttles board passengers at the designated “Shared Ride Vans” area outside of each terminal. Is there anybody that can help me if I am lost or have a question at Los Angeles Airport? Los Angles Airport is staffed with volunteers in all terminal buildings of the airport. These volunteers are available to assist passengers with any questions they may have and are easy to spot in their bright red volunteer jackets. Volunteers are stationed at information booths that are located on the arrivals level of each terminal and are available form 7:00 AM to 10:00 PM on weekdays and from 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM on weekends. Are there pet relief stations at Los Angeles Airport? Pet owners taking their furry friends on flights from Vancouver to Los Angeles will be happy to know that the Los Angeles Airport has a total of eight pet relief stations located throughout the terminal buildings. Three of these stations are located outside of the terminal buildings near the arrivals level, next to the traffic lanes. Which airports will I be using when flying from Vancouver to Los Angeles? On your way to Los Angeles, you’ll fly out from Vancouver Intl. You’ll be landing at Los Angeles. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Vancouver to Los Angeles? Air Canada, United Airlines, American Airlines, WestJet, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Vancouver to Los Angeles flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Vancouver to Los Angeles? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Vancouver to Los Angeles flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Vancouver to Los Angeles? oneworld, Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Vancouver and Los Angeles, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Vancouver to Los Angeles? There are direct flights from Vancouver to Los Angeles on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Vancouver to Los Angeles, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Vancouver to Los Angeles are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of C$ 395 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 401 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Vancouver to Los Angeles? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Vancouver to Los Angeles. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Vancouver to Los Angeles? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Los Angeles from Vancouver is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Vancouver to Los Angeles? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Los Angeles with an airline and back to Vancouver with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Vancouver to Los Angeles? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Los Angeles from Vancouver up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Vancouver to Los Angeles Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 154 or less one-way and C$ 259 or less round-trip. Not only is Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) a fantastic airport choice for those travelling to the centre of Los Angeles it is also a good airport choice for people making their way to suburbs that surround the airport, such as Santa Monica, Torrance, Manhattan Beach, Beverly Hills, and Culver City. If you are driving yourself to the Vancouver International Airport (YVR), a great tip for parking is to pre-book your parking online on the airport's website to not only guarantee yourself a parking spot at the airport but also to get some of the lowest rates available for parking. Parents travelling with children from the Vancouver International Airport will love the fact that this airport offers several children's play areas, plus there is a Public Observation Area where kids can see the entire airfield that includes telescopes and maps of the airport complex. No hotel is closer to Los Angeles Airport than the Hyatt Regency Los Angeles International Airport. This hotel is the perfect stop for business travelers looking for a room that is close to the airport, has a ton of amenities and gives easy access to the entire Los Angeles area. A great way to get to Vancouver Airport is via the Canada Line, the light rail system that takes passengers from downtown Vancouver to Vancouver Airport in just 30 minutes. If you have a bit of time on your hands before your flight from Vancouver to Los Angeles, check out the Vancouver Airport’s Public Observation Area when you can see this dynamic airport in action. This area offers dynamic displays, videos and even telescopes to keep everyone entertained before their flight. One of the great innovations at Vancouver Airport is their Food on the Fly option. Many of the food stands and restaurants in the airport have created a wide selection of foods that are packaged especially to take on board your flight. With a great deal of time to spend between arriving at the airport and departing on your flight from Vancouver to Los Angeles, spend it in comfort and style at the Plaza Premium Lounge located on level 3 of the International Terminal between gates 52 and 53. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Vancouver Intl to Los Angeles? Find which airlines fly direct from Vancouver Intl to Los Angeles, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Vancouver Intl to Los Angeles Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air New Zealand, +14 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +15 more 13 14 Tuesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air New Zealand, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air New Zealand, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air New Zealand, +14 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +15 more 13 14 Friday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air New Zealand, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air New Zealand, +14 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +15 more 13 14 Sunday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air New Zealand, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Los Angeles to Vancouver Intl Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +14 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +15 more 13 14 Tuesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air New Zealand, +11 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +14 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +15 more 13 14 Saturday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air New Zealand, +11 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Vancouver Intl to Los Angeles See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Vancouver to Los Angeles. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Vancouver Intl to Los Angeles? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29971 reviews 88crew 82comfort 79food 78entertainment 85boarding 85overall Airline reviews Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger." Cons: "Great flight and their service was great. Looking forward to my next flight with them." Cons: "My flight was cancelled and instead of getting a cancellation notice, I received a “your flight has been updated” email which indicated that my flight was changed from Wednesday to Friday. Unacceptable!!!" Pros: "The crew was nice and we enjoyed the inflight entertainment" Cons: "The flight was a hour late and we almost missed our connecting flight they actually had to hold the plane for us" Pros: "I dont like there service." Cons: "Alaska airlines did not provide assistance and I requested to assist to re check in my baggage. I did not receive any assistance to the airlines staff. This is horrible service and not happy to the alaska airlines." Pros: "Every aspect of the trip was above our expectations, comfortable seats, delightful staff, good food and on time service." Cons: "Paid for and reserved a premium seat 6 weeks before flight but got reassigned to a non-premium seat upon check-in. I had to call customer care for a refund of the premium upgrade. No more live TV unlike the old Virgin America." Pros: "Being in the service industry I completely understand how important customer service is! Alaskan airlines have asked their staff to use the customers name as much as possible. It was great to see that when I was borning my name was used. This was not an ordinary monotone thank you that every single person gets. The “ Have a nice flight and Thank you for flying with us”, was cheerful and upbeat and I was greeted with a smile. During my flight the customers names were used as they were asking to take orders as well as passing out food as though you were known person to them. I am not a regular flyer, I did not use my credit card, the fact that they used my name means Alaskan has a trick to the trade that others don’t.. I am not a regular flyer, I did not use my credit card, my flight attendants knew my name. What an amazing experience." Cons: "That there wasn’t anyone to meet us at the gate and we had to wait on the plane." Pros: "Excellent crew. very friendly. No attitudes" Cons: "they were not ready for us at LAX. We spent 20 minutes in a remote corner of the airline waiting for a gangway so we could go down to the tarmac and wait another 50 minutes for buses. No gate, no buses, just standing around. Terrible planning for our arrival" Cons: "Delaying a flight by 2 hours for crew issues is ridiculous and even more do not alerting me to the change before I was at the airport. Terrible" Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "Excellent service in most every respect! Boarding was easy, accommodations were quite ample, food was great, and the entertainment was plentiful." Cons: "Slight problem with making my seat into a bed, which wasn't fixable. Movies were good, except for the trailers before and after each, which seemed to take forever! Didn't get the seats my wife and originally booked with China Southern/Delta, but the substitution was quite adequate! Problems with checking in on flights, as neither airline seemed to be able to deal with this split ticket! But they tried very hard to make thing up to us, which goes a long way to making us feel like we are valued customers!" Pros: "- great customer service - friendly staff - Positive energy" Cons: "- No room in the seats - No food served on plane - Crowded -" Pros: "Delta is professional and safe. The best fares ever." Cons: "Lack of food/snack choices. Seem like a shortage on ice." Pros: "I, as a tall man, was allowed to move into an exit row with no additional charge. The flights were not full." Pros: "Delta personel were wonderful and helpful both flights" Cons: "Flights were continually changed both on route to Cancun and on the way back" Pros: "I loved that I was able to get home! The crew was nice." Cons: "It was very very warm in the plane. The entertainment unit was lacking." Pros: "The comfort and attention on the part of the cabin crew of the flight was quite good." Cons: "What I did not like was the process to go to the assigned air terminal in El Salvador, the process was slow and we took the flight at the end of the last one. The same was the process from Los Angeles to Seattle that was our scale. Process too long and go back through security, the boarding gate was almost closed. I think that for these cases they should leave more time for the stopovers that come from international flights. For my part I did not choose this option, since I was traveling with a person with mobility problems and separated the group for admission to the process of entering the USA." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Multiple cancellations and a total of THIRTY HOURS OF TRAVEL TIME for what was supposed to be 5 hours of travel in the beginning. I am still sitting in a god damn airport as we speak." Pros: "The crew were friendly enough and willing to serve." Cons: "The seat could have been thicker and softer for greater comfort--instead, it was thin and flimsy. There should also be greater space/pitch between the rows of seats." Pros: "Crew very friendly" Cons: "Lufthansa continuosly treats repeat customers like milk cows. The new ‘light fare’ is a genius way to charge the same as before with ZERO customer support." Pros: "The food was really good! I don’t expect much from airlines but I feel like I got a real meal on board (two of them!)" Cons: "We were delayed taking off and there were three screaming babies, but there’s only so much they can do about that." Pros: "The crew was nice." Cons: "The infotainment system could have been better. My system was not working for the first 3 hours and the sound went out after 2 hours of use. Also my blanket was not clean." Cons: "It was Air Canada. Terrible service. Staff needs education on where to take travelers thru the immigration locations. Wasted time going to different locations and time is an essentence! Too many changes of staff from one location to another when it came with wheelchair assistance. One staff was on her personal phone!!! Had 3 different changes of hands then still did not get us to the right terminal, had to run to make the flight! Is that how you treat a 86 years old traveler?" Pros: "Service was excellent, food was good, everyone was friendly and nice." Cons: "Everything was OK." Cons: "Crew was not very friendly, the lack of customer service is evident." Cons: "(1) The captain collected headsets 30 minutes before landing, causing us to miss the last 15 minutes of a movie. Why? (2) Very long cues for toilet use. (3) The baggage took more than half hour to arrive. (4) The chair in front of me reclined very far (more than those on its sides), making it very hard to eat, get up, or read. Need better maintenance." Pros: "The aircraft was great. A bit wobbly on take off and landing, but overall spacious and comfortable seating. The seats had many position options which was amazing. Meal service tableware was clean and pleasant to use. Food was also great. Also a very wide selection of entertainment options! Also, good flying from the pilot’s crew. Flight was on time." Cons: "The servicing crew in the business cabin was inexperienced and unrefined. The flight attendants seemed to just want to “get it over with” with questions like “are you done?” The attendants wanted to take our drink order as soon as we got in without giving us a chance to settle into our seats and kept hovering over us until I had to ask her to give us a couple of minutes. The airline did not stock enough snack and ran out mid flight. We had to wait for the next meal service which was not fun. I ended up getting a sweet drink just to get by. Internet, which was paid, was so slow that I got tired of watching it trying to load the pages and gave up. Eventually, the connection completely stalled even though I still had over an hour remaining of the 4 hour package. I used maybe an hour of the total purchase. Total waste because I couldn’t get any work done. Overall, I did not think this was an experience worth a business class ticket." Cons: "Delayed by two hours. Made me miss my connection. Also it is far too cramped for anyone who is tall. We need more leg room" Pros: "Flight was late, crew didn't do anything to expedite boarding and it took the longest I have ever seen to board a plane." Cons: "Boarding process was slow and chaotic" Cons: "From Vancouver to Los Angeles no screen seats no Entertainment" Pros: "The night skyline from above as you fly into LAX is simply awe inspiring with the miles and miles of lights everywhere you look. Quick flight and no hassles." Cons: "The 3 rows of clubs seats ahead me were catered to quite well, but maybe a current dividing that and economy is necessary so you don’t feel so 2nd class." Pros: "Quick to get on and off the plane. Crew was very professional." Cons: "The plane was cramped and very warm. I turned on the air overhead and it didn’t make a difference." Pros: "Smooth flight, staff are all friendly! Overall a great trip!" Cons: "Food and entertainment require extra charge, although I understand that it is standard for short trips and smaller planes." Pros: "Fuss free check in. Crew was very friendly and helpful. Flight is on time. Will definitely travel on WestJet again." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Crew did a good job, even with the long delays." Cons: "Plane was almost 2 hours late getting to LA. Started with the crew needing to clear customs in Vancouver. Delayed by 30 minutes....then the crew preboarded a sick lady and her travel companion. At some point crew decided she should not fly to LA, but the ladies wouldn’t get off plane! 45 minutes later and 4 RCMP show up to escort them off plane. Then we didn’t have any ground crew to get us off loading ramp. Finally got away 90 minutes or more after scheduled departure. Circled LA a few times before getting to land.... long flight with long delays!" Pros: "Uncomfortable, babies crying. Flight attendants disappeared after first drinks. No offers of head phones, snacks etc Delta Flight from Tampa to Minneapolis was excellent" Cons: "Mentioned above" Pros: "Friendly crew." Cons: "The flight was delayed three hours, including having to de-plane and board a new plane, due to a backup generator lying engine issue. Totally unacceptable." Pros: "On time Flight. Nice and friendly staff. Assistant at the check in Kiosk." Cons: "Inattentive baggage security and check personnel." Pros: "The crew was fantastic and plane was clean" Cons: "My entertainment video player had a bad earphone jack so i could not watch movies or tv and resorted to paying for wifi" Cons: "I've tried to respond twice now with a long detailed answer only to get booted out of the page. In short you and Flyus.com are criminals that ripped me off for over 430 dollars U.S. will never use you again" Pros: "The crew was probably the only positive thing of the flight." Cons: "Late boarding because of downsizing plane and overbooking, than sitting on a plane for an additional hour after boarding completed while it was very hot inside. Departed and landed with a delay. Very old airplane with no individual fans above the seats, no outlets to charge devices and no entertainment system." Pros: "We arrived safely The seats were comfortable We were on time" Cons: "1) American's boarding process seems to be driven by ticket price and nothing else. Every other airline I've been with boards families with small children first. It lets those families and get on board and get setup so that they don't block aisle access for everyone else. American seems to board based on how expensive your ticket was. So, the aisles get blocked and boarding takes forever. 2) The cabin crew gave pretty apathetic service. When our baby threw up on us, they just told us to go clean ourselves up in the bathrooms. They gave us a can of soda water to help clean up, but that was about it. 3) When my wife asked if the bread was dairy free (for our baby with a dairy allergy), the staff's response was to turn to another staff member and ask them, "Do you want to go back and research that?" In the end they just told us they didn't have time to look it up." Cons: "We are letting too many people with the flu, travel. This in turn is spreading it to other places and getting too many people sick. We need to control this more. I don’t have an option after spending all this money on if I can stay healthy or not, and that is not ok." Pros: "Plane was new and entertainment was free. Great service too." Cons: "American has improved a lot" Pros: "We missed this flight." Cons: "Background info: we flew from Dublin to Toronto (Aer Lingus) and we were supposed to fly Toronto to Los Angeles on American Airlines; however, we had a British Airways flight number for both of these flights. We missed our connecting flight in Toronto with American Airlines (we had a 2 hour layover) despite landing on-time (de-boarded a few minutes late). I suggest avoiding the Toronto airport ALWAYS as every passenger must pick up his/her luggage even if you have a connecting flight, and then re-check the baggage with the next flight. Apparently the baggage handlers were on strike and some of the customs agents as well which added to the delays. Well, after going through Canadian customs and picking up our luggage (which took quite awhile) we arrived at the American Airlines ticketing kiosk about 45 minutes before our flight. The computer told us we were too late for this flight and to see a representative. We proceeded to wait in line for an American Airlines representative only to be told this was Aer Lingus' fault (we had just flown with them); even though we had a BA flight number.. After searching for an Aer Lingus representative we were finally told they were probably all on the Aer Lingus flight that was currently about to leave. An Aer Lingus representative was paged to the ticketing counter (took well over 30 minutes for anyone to show up) and what proceeded was an argument (for well over an hour) between British Airways and Aer Lingus representatives about whose responsibility it was to re-book us. After an hour at least of poor customer service, we were finally rebooked by British Airways on the last flight to LAX (on Air Canada). Moral of the story: avoid Toronto and fly direct." Pros: "Boarding was fast!" Cons: "The staff was not great! When I had just arrived to the gate, they had already called group 5 so I went up and presented my boarding pass and the crew made a facial expression of annoyance since group 5 was called and they were boarding group 7. When I entered the plane, one of the staff just looked at me twice without saying hello back. I said it twice and the same lady gave me a cold goodbye when I was leaving the plane. There was no entertainment!!!! Also, no plug to charge my phone that I had to wait to charge my phone after getting my bags to contact a taxi driver (Lyft)." Pros: "The flight was good crew members was nice and professional." Pros: "We did eventually reach our destination safe and sound" Cons: "In flight service on AA was very disappointing. This was a cross-country flight of 5 hours at the dinner hour. The plane was full [ as usual these days ] seat space was tight [ as usual these days ], but cabin service was practically invisible. The two stewards made one pass with the beverage cart, and that was it for the duration!! On a five hour flight!! When I went back for a beverage, the stewards were chatting at the rear compartment. This was the poorest American Airlines service that I have experienced in fifty years. I will avoid them in the future. Don" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Lufthansa7.8 WestJet7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Vancouver to Los Angeles Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Vancouver to Los Angeles found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 7/12Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 00mYVR-LAX C$ 66 Search 7/12Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 00mYVR-LAX C$ 69 Search 15/12Fri directWestJet 2h 55mYVR-LAX C$ 110 Search 17/1Wed directWestJet 2h 55mYVR-LAX C$ 111 Search 15/12Fri directAir Canada 2h 58mYVR-LAX C$ 114 Search 8/12Fri 1 stopAir Canada 6h 26mYVR-LAX C$ 117 Search 7/12Thu 1 stopAlaska Airlines 6h 54mYVR-LAX C$ 128 Search 7/12Thu 1 stopAlaska Airlines 6h 54mYVR-LAX C$ 129 Search 19/12Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 10h 30mYVR-LAX C$ 136 Search 31/12Sun directUnited Airlines 2h 58mYVR-LAX C$ 155 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesWestJetAir CanadaAlaska AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 70 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 130 or lessC$ 160 or less Last minute flights from Vancouver Intl to Los Angeles Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Vancouver to Los Angeles that are departing in the next 10 days. 3/12Sun directFlair Airlines 3h 00mYVR-LAX 7/12Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 05mLAX-YVR C$ 111 Search 2/12Sat directFlair Airlines 3h 00mYVR-LAX 9/12Sat directFlair Airlines 3h 05mLAX-YVR C$ 118 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 2h 58mYVR-LAX 6/12Wed directWestJet 3h 00mLAX-YVR C$ 225 Search 4/12Mon directWestJet 2h 58mYVR-LAX 8/12Fri directWestJet 3h 00mLAX-YVR C$ 226 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 2h 58mYVR-LAX 10/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 6h 47mLAX-YVR C$ 250 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 7h 50mYVR-LAX 10/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 6h 47mLAX-YVR C$ 255 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 6h 53mYVR-LAX 10/12Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 6h 09mLAX-YVR C$ 305 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 4h 52mYVR-LAX 8/12Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 5h 15mLAX-YVR C$ 317 Search 2/12Sat directUnited Airlines 2h 58mYVR-LAX 7/12Thu directUnited Airlines 3h 02mLAX-YVR C$ 331 Search 4/12Mon directUnited Airlines 2h 58mYVR-LAX 10/12Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 47mLAX-YVR C$ 340 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesWestJetAir CanadaAlaska AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 120 or lessC$ 230 or lessC$ 260 or lessC$ 320 or lessC$ 340 or less Vancouver - Los Angeles Flights Departure: Vancouver (YVR)Canada Destination: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Los Angeles - Vancouver Cabin classes: C$ 991 First Class flights to Los Angeles C$ 787 Business Class flights to Los Angeles C$ 1,326 Prem Econ Class flights to Los Angeles C$ 157 Economy Class flights to Los Angeles Browse origins: Flights » Canada » British Columbia » Vancouver Airport C$ 149Flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Los Angeles Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » Los Angeles C$ 149Flights to Los Angeles, Los Angeles Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Ottawa Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Kelowna Flights to Kamloops Flights to Yellowknife Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Los Angeles flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Los Angeles from Vancouver. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Los Angeles from Vancouver. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.