Cheap Flights from Santorini (Thira) to Athens from $32 | (JTR - ATH) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JTR - ATH Find cheap flights from Santorini (Thira) to Athens from $32 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 4/24. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Athens These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Thera to Athens, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Thera to Athens, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Thera to Athens?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Thera to Athens that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:30 am - 8:25 amJTR-ATH 0h 55mnonstop 5:25 pm - 6:15 pmATH-JTR 0h 50mnonstop $73Volotea Find Deal Mon, May 13 - Mon, May 13 9:30 am - 10:25 amJTR-ATH 0h 55mnonstop 4:10 pm - 5:05 pmATH-JTR 0h 55mnonstop $75Volotea Find Deal Sat, Dec 30 - Tue, Jan 2 9:55 pm - 10:50 pmJTR-ATH 0h 55mnonstop 5:25 pm - 6:15 pmATH-JTR 0h 50mnonstop $76Volotea Find Deal Tue, Apr 16 - Fri, Apr 19 9:55 pm - 10:50 pmJTR-ATH 0h 55mnonstop 5:25 pm - 6:15 pmATH-JTR 0h 50mnonstop $80Volotea Find Deal Fri, Mar 22 - Mon, Mar 25 10:05 pm - 10:55 pmJTR-ATH 0h 50mnonstop 8:40 pm - 9:25 pmATH-JTR 0h 45mnonstop $81Aegean Airlines Find Deal Wed, Apr 10 - Fri, Apr 12 12:00 pm - 12:55 pmJTR-ATH 0h 55mnonstop 4:10 pm - 5:05 pmATH-JTR 0h 55mnonstop $83Volotea Find Deal Thu, Dec 28 - Tue, Jan 2 11:45 am - 12:40 pmJTR-ATH 0h 55mnonstop 4:10 pm - 5:05 pmATH-JTR 0h 55mnonstop $97Volotea Find Deal Sun, Dec 31 - Tue, Jan 2 6:00 am - 6:45 amJTR-ATH 0h 45mnonstop 9:40 am - 6:30 pmATH-JTR 8h 50m1 stop $182Aegean Airlines Find Deal Mon, May 13 - Mon, May 13 10:05 pm - 10:55 pmJTR-ATH 0h 50mnonstop 4:35 pm - 9:30 pmATH-JTR 4h 55m1 stop $259 Find Deal Tue, Apr 16 - Fri, Apr 19 Show more results Flights from Thera to Athens - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Thera to Athens to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Thera to Athens? The average price of all flights from Thera to Athens clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Athens on a Monday and more expensive on a Thursday. On your return trip to Thera, you should consider flying back on a Tuesday, and avoid Saturdays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Thera to Athens? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Thera to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Thera to Athens is October, where tickets cost $74 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are February and March, where the average cost of tickets is $152 and $148 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Thera to Athens? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Thera to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Thera to Athens, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 65 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Thera to Athens? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Athens from Thera were found on Aegean Airlines ($32) and Volotea ($41), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Volotea ($73) and Aegean Airlines ($81). Which airlines fly non-stop between Thera and Athens? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Thera to Athens. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Thera to Athens. They are: Aegean Airlines, Sky Express and Volotea. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Volotea at $27 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Volotea. How many flights are there between Thera and Athens per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 9 nonstop flights that take off from Thera and land in Athens, with an average flight time of 0h 53m. The most common departure time is 2:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 53 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Thera and Athens? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Thera to Athens take? Nonstop flights from Thera generally make it to Athens in 0h 45m. The flying distance between the two cities is 136 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Santorini (Thira) to Athens? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Thera at 6:40 am and will be landing in Athens at 7:35 am. What’s the latest departure time from Santorini (Thira) to Athens? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Thera to Athens jets off at 9:35 pm and lands at 10:30 pm. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $32 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 14% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 14% lower on average. Flight from Thera to Athens When to book flights from Thera to Athens Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Thera to Athens based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Santorini (Thira) to Athens What different kinds of daily flights are offered between Santorini and Athens? Each day, there are quite a few daily flights that are offered between Santorini and Athens. These nonstop flights are usually serviced by Ryanair. You can also find flights that require a layover, and they typically are operated by Olympic Air or Aegean Air. Your layover may occur in cities like Thessaloniki Makedonia. What are my transportation options for going from downtown Santorini to Santorini (Thira) International Airport? If you drive from downtown Santorini to Santorini (Thira) International Airport, the journey will normally take around 10min in total. Public transportation is not an option for this trip. Instead, you will need to travel by private car or by a local taxi. How can I go from Athens International Airport to the city center? To drive from Athens International Airport to the city center, it will normally take you between 30 and 35min in total. You can always choose to take public transportation, such as public bus lines M3 and M5. When you take the bus, you will arrive in downtown Athens in approximately 55min to 1h. Do I have the option of renting a car directly at Athens International Airport? It is possible to rent a car directly from Athens International Airport and you will find the desks for the different rental companies in the main Arrivals terminal. Some of the companies that have offices here include Avis, Budget, Hertz, and SIXT. They all keep their respective fleets directly at the airport. Do I need a passport to fly between Thera and Athens? A passport is not required to fly from Thera to Athens. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Santorini (Thira) to Athens? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Thera to Athens flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Santorini (Thira) to Athens? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Thera and Athens. On which days can I fly direct from Santorini (Thira) to Athens? There are nonstop flights from Santorini (Thira) to Athens on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Thera to Athens, Aegean Airlines or Volotea? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Thera to Athens are Aegean Airlines and Volotea. With an average price for the route of $135 and an overall rating of 7.8, Aegean Airlines is the most popular choice. Volotea is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $77 and an overall rating of 6.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Santorini (Thira) to Athens? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Santorini (Thira) to Athens. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Santorini (Thira) to Athens? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Athens from Santorini (Thira) is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Santorini (Thira) to Athens? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Athens with an airline and back to Santorini (Thira) with another airline. Booking your flights between Santorini (Thira) and ATH can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Santorini (Thira) to Athens? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Athens from Santorini (Thira) up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from JTR to Athens Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $70 or less one-way and $46 or less round-trip. If you have an early flight out of Santorini (Thira) International Airport (JTR), you may want to spend the night at a nearby hotel that offers an airport shuttle service. The Anna Traditional Apartments are less than a 5min drive away and have a free shuttle service, while the Hotel Villa Manos is less than a 10min drive away and offers a shuttle service for a small fee. Those that are traveling with small children will be happy to know that there are designated baby rooms in each terminal of Athens International Airport (ATH). Each baby room has running water, comfortable seating, a changing table, and outlets, and they are clearly marked on the outside with a ‘baby’ symbol. Travelers that would like to leave a vehicle at Santorini (Thira) International Airport can take advantage of the free parking spaces that are located directly across from the main terminal. These spots are first come first service and they are completely free. Once you land at Athens International Airport, you may want to grab a quick bite to eat before you head to your final destination. There are a few options available for food, including some to-go choices, such as Eat Greek, Puro Gusto, and the Nescafe Bar, as well as a small grocery store that is on the Arrivals level. Individuals that are just visiting Greece for a temporary period of time may want to stop by Connect Phone in Santorini (Thira) International Airport. This shop sells SIM cards and data packages that can be used not only in Greece, but in other European countries. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Thera Santorini to Athens Eleftherios V.? Find which airlines fly direct from Santorini to Eleftherios V., which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Thera Santorini to Athens Eleftherios V. Search Flights Monday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +2 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +2 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +1 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +2 more 1 Thursday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +2 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +3 more 1 2 Friday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +2 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +3 more 1 2 Saturday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +2 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +2 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +3 more 1 2 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Athens Eleftherios V. to Thera Santorini Search Flights Monday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +2 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +2 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +1 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +2 more 1 Thursday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +2 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +3 more 1 2 Friday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +2 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +3 more 1 2 Saturday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +2 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Aegean Airlines, Emirates, Olympic Air, +2 more Aegean Airlines, Emirates, +3 more 1 2 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Thera to Athens See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Thera to Athens. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Thera to Athens? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9112 reviews 77entertainment 82overall 78comfort 79food 86crew 82boarding Airline reviews Pros: "My husband was on a business trip and his company booked him in business class. Economy was overbooked they cave me a free upgrade so I could sit with him!" Cons: "Cost of extra bag. Also size limit for overhead carryon"Read more about SWISS Pros: "My husband was on a business trip and his company booked him in business class. Economy was overbooked they cave me a free upgrade so I could sit with him!" Cons: "Cost of extra bag. Also size limit for overhead carryon" Pros: "From Geneva to Athens we use the AEGEAN AIRLINES and the flight was very good over all. We had to use the AEGEAN because we missed the SWISS flight due to United's delays." Pros: "Crew was great. Seats were uncomfortable. No air. It was extremely hot." Cons: "We arrived more than a half hour late, and considering this was about 4 am, this was significant. The guy in the middle seat was tall and had to speard his legs intruding on my space." Cons: "Older plane with poor seat comfort. (Same trip Bos to Zurich much better.) Video did not work at all in one seat and poorly in other ,for 7 hr flight" Pros: "Very positive experience." Cons: "Flight was delayed because of a flight late arriving from Barcelona. Unlike an international flight...no entertainment & only a slight snack food. Still highest marks for the crew and the service that they provided" Pros: "A very friendly and attentive crew and a decent meal. Comfort is still iffy in coach but better than most American airlines. Good selection of movies to pass the time." Cons: "Seats in coach are cramped and some have an electrical box under the seat in front of you, so there is no room for your legs or carry on bag. Bathrooms keep getting smaller to jam in more seats." Pros: "The service was outstanding!" Cons: "Most people had to wait at the gate for a boarding pass and my daughter and I were in completely different parts of the aircraft." Pros: "Quick flight" Cons: "Small plane with very uncomfortable thin hard seats. Could feel the ride on this plane. Food not great. No entertainment on board." Pros: "Good and fast service" Cons: "The size you allow for the hand baggage is insufficient" The food sandwich was OKAY for such a short flight. Crew were very caring. They helped my wife who has walking issues. They carried her bag and held her arm to help prevent tripping. All in all it was a professional effort on the part of all crew members. I highly recommend this crew of Aegean Airlines. Pros: "The food was great and the flight attendants were very nice!" Pros: "Great staff, easy boarding, clean and the entire crew was well trained and professional." Cons: "The seat backs are hard and there is very little knee room" Pros: "Cabin crew was good." Cons: "Delays are unavoidable. But better communication during delays would be helpful" Pros: "The flight was most excellently attended from Paris to Crete. I am very impressed with this level of service experienced and the spaciousness of the airplane. A most comfortable and well taken care of flight. Thank you!" Pros: "It was on time" Cons: "It had business class and we were told it did not when we booked" Pros: "Flight was on time. Crew were good. Flight deck announcements were appreciated." Cons: "Getting on a bus to the aircraft is challenging with 3 young children and carry on. We couldn’t get a seat. Could not eat the croissant as I’m allergic to chocolate. I’d had no breakfast and that was the only option." Cons: "With Kayak I booked Tel Aviv to Malta with 1 hour stop in Athens. The first flight was delayed by an hour hence making me lose my second flight. Aegean then booked me on a flight to Catania (Italy) for a different connection to Malta. Only that this Aegean flight was also delayed by an hour making me miss the second connection. Eventually I arrived in Malta 15 hours later than scheduled. Aegean customer service reps were extremely unhelpful and made this 10 times more difficult. I missed a whole vacation day, amassed roaming telephone charges and on top of that missed a reservation for Dinner in the Sky Malta." Pros: "The boarding experience at the horrible Santorini airport ruined it or us. I wish Aegean had provided us with more instructions about what to expect and when to arrive so that we didn't there so early and stand outside in the heat of so long." Pros: "Professionalism. The flight attendants were professional, very efficient and helpful." Cons: "Vegetarian. I should have ordered in advance." The flight was delayed and they didn’t tell for how long at the beginning Pros: "The crew was really great, polite and helpful:)" Cons: "Maybe some coffee but really not necessary to make it a great trip:)" Cons: "Maybe quick check in for all travelers when booking an early morning or a too late/night flight.." Pros: "Very nice and helpful crew. Boarding experience not great in Fira or Athens with buses involved in both but the airline itself is great." Cons: "Boarding in Greece is always a little behind. But they always leave on time or a little early... I guess it’s fine. But it’s nice to start boarding on time also." Pros: "Food service was great." Cons: "Flight left late for no apparent reason causing me to miss my connection. Was stuck for 5 hours in the Athens airport; was not given a meal voucher, a credit, a refund and I was denied entry into the airline’s lounge. Inconvenience, loss of 5 hours on my vacation, very poor customer experience!!!" Pros: "Crew was very efficient and safety focused. Plane was clean, service was good." Cons: "Delayed by an hour and 40 minutes with zero explanation. No updates provided, our group was stuck in Split airport for hours with little ventilation and not much in the way of food." Pros: "A better experience than that provided by other loca airlines such as Sky Express" Cons: "On of the crew members at boarding treated us very poorly." Pros: "My daughter and I had an excellent flight to Athens on Olympic Air. The service was great, check in was easy, bags came out quick and the food was good. Boarding was quick and organized." Cons: "lastminute.com was completely unhelpful in assisting with any changes to my itinerary. They repeatedly provided me with incorrect information that sent me on a wild goose chase." Pros: "One hour delay after boarding due to loosing our “slot”" Cons: "Timing!!!" Pros: "Seat was very comfortable and lots of leg room. Food was good." Pros: "The crew was great!" Cons: "I don't like the movie options. Some are quite sexual and can be seen around the plane." Pros: "Crew was fantastic and with an exceptional service. Food was really good." Cons: "Maybe the seats coudl be a little bit wider" Pros: "On time, best connection for me, earning miles on my program. I booked based on time and cost, didn't even pay attention to what airline." Cons: "No food, plane felt pretty old and not so clean. Smaller seats than the other flights I had with Lufthansa. Otherwise, it was fine. I had a pretty bad earache on that particular flight, so I liked it less than I might have otherwise. Something didn't feel right, pressure wrong or something." Pros: "It got me where I wanted to go, non-stop, for a reasonable price." Cons: "The economy seats seem to be narrower than they are on other airlines." Pros: "This is always a pleasant airline to travel with." Cons: "I felt like the airlines deliberately cheated me. I purchased a flight that was listed as "economy" , which means I am authorized one suitcase. When I got to checkout they said I had pay for the suitcase. Turns out my flight was economy 'light' flight and I had to go the Austrian airlines desk and pay euro 40 for my suitcase. Wish that would have been clear when I purchased the ticket. Also there is no clear info on what the cost is for your bag at what point in the check-in process." Cons: "Flight was 1 hour late. Didn’t make up any time while in flight. We came to no gate assigned. Additional delays due to wait for free gate. Unacceptable, missed my connection. Had to stay additional day for rebooked flight." Pros: "Nice clean Airplane, good choice of entertainment. Food OK (except breakfast) but not great (coach class) Crew friendly, on time." Cons: "The muffin for breakfast as the only choice at the end of the flight is a joke: superloaded with sugar, chewy, artificiall taste. Most of the passengers sent it back. This has not improved since my last flight with Austrian in March 2018. The one reponsible for ordering such junk should be punished by having to eat the muffin himself. Sorry!" A technical delay caused us to miss our connecting flight which resulted in an additional nights stay which cost us $225 as well as $800 to get on another flight. Absolute BS. I’ll never fly them again Use less plastic. Use biofuels. Use solar panels and electric vehicles. Pros: "Crew was great" Cons: "Boarding was horrible, Santorini’s airport was horrible, the flight was delayed, no one knew what was going on, there is no organization with boarding it was a mess" Pros: "Quick flight, arrived early! That part was great!" Cons: "Boarding is a joke. Everyone hoards the gate and there is no organization. Recommend using boarding zones. Italians have no idea how to make lines." Pros: "That finally we arrived. 6 hours delay." Cons: "Everything. Poor management from Volotea and very poor services from SACBO." Pros: "The crew did a fanstastic job!" Cons: "The seats werent the best and my seat didnt have a window." Cons: "We did not arrive on time to the flight because our conection delayed and the airfligt company did nothing to help us." Pros: "Perfect!" Cons: "Beware of checked baggage, the costs are astronomic (around 60 usd per bag)" Cons: "Charged full fight fee, don't ask customers pay over size luggage penalty minutes before departure" Cons: "High baggage and other fees that are not publicized. Web site just says check bags start at 15 euro, actual price was over 50 euro." SWISS8.0 Aegean Airlines7.8 Olympic Air7.8 Austrian Airlines7.8 Volotea6.8 Book cheap flights from Santorini (Thira) to Athens Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Thera to Athens found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 4/24Wed nonstopAegean Airlines 0h 50mJTR-ATH $32 Search 4/7Sun nonstopAegean Airlines 0h 45mJTR-ATH $33 Search 12/7Thu nonstopVolotea 0h 55mJTR-ATH $41 Search 3/30Sat nonstopAegean Airlines 0h 45mJTR-ATH $44 Search 1/24Wed nonstopSky Express 0h 55mJTR-ATH $46 Search 12/9Sat nonstopOlympic Air 0h 55mJTR-ATH $63 Search 5/17Fri 1 stop 13h 08mJTR-ATH $70 Search 5/16Thu nonstopVolotea 0h 55mJTR-ATH $71 Search 5/24Fri nonstopVolotea 0h 55mJTR-ATH $75 Search 5/27Mon 1 stop 4h 00mJTR-ATH $76 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAegean AirlinesVoloteaSky ExpressOlympic Air Search by price$30 or less$40 or less$60 or less$70 or less$80 or less Last minute flights from Thera to Athens Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Thera to Athens that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun nonstopAegean Airlines 0h 55mJTR-ATH 12/4Mon nonstopAegean Airlines 0h 55mATH-JTR $175 Search Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAegean Airlines Search by price$180 or less Thera - Athens Flights Departure: Santorini (Thira) (JTR)Greece Destination: Athens (ATH)Greece Return flight deals: Athens - Santorini (Thira) Cabin classes: First Class flights to Athens $365 Business Class flights to Athens Prem Econ Class flights to Athens $22 Economy Class flights to Athens Browse origins: Flights » Thera $72Flights from Thera to Athens Browse destinations: Flights » Athens $72Flights to Athens, Athens Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Athens flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Athens from Santorini (Thira). KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Athens from Santorini (Thira). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.