Cheap Flights to Portugal from C$ 304 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights to Portugal from C$ 304 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 26/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Portugal ...and more Latest Portugal Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayReturn MOST POPULARLisbon From Hamilton 1 stop from C$ 398 Search flights From Toronto 1 stop from C$ 483 Search flights From Montreal Direct from C$ 474 Search flights Porto From Toronto 1 stop from C$ 554 Search flights From Montreal 1 stop from C$ 725 Search flights Ponta Delgada From Toronto 1 stop from C$ 615 Search flights From Montreal Direct from C$ 654 Search flights Faro From Toronto 1 stop from C$ 647 Search flights Funchal From Toronto 1 stop from C$ 619 Search flights Lajes From Toronto 1 stop from C$ 623 Search flights Good to know Low season November High season July Cheapest flight C$ 304 Best time to beat the crowds (14% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (15% more expensive on average) Flight from Hamilton to Lisbon FAQs - booking Portugal flights Which airlines operate the most daily flights from Canada to Portugal? SWISS Airlines is the most dependable of all the airlines that fly between Portugal and Canada. The best option to consider as your departure airport is Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) if you want to increase your flight dependability from Canada to Portugal. This airport serves as the hub for numerous airlines that provide international flights to Portugal. From which airport should one fly if they wish to enjoy viewing sports in Portugal? Flying into Humberto Delgado Airport (LIS) is the best option if you're visiting Portugal and would like to enjoy the local sporting events. The bulk of the stadiums in Portugal are situated in or close to Lisbon City, the nation's capital. Estádio do Sport Lisboa e Benfica, José Alvalade Stadium, and Estádio do Restelo are all excellent places to see your favorite neighborhood sporting activities, particularly on weekends. Because of the accessibility of buses, taxis, train system, and rental cars, it is possible to get to these stadiums from LIS Airport. Which airlines offer nonstop flights to Portugal? The national carriers Air Canada and TAP Air Portugal, as well as the leisure airline Air Transat, offer direct flights from Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) and Montreal-Pierre Trudeau International Airport (YUL) to Lisbon and Porto. In addition, Azores Airlines directly connects Toronto with the islands of Ponta Delgada and Terceira. Where should I fly into in Portugal? Lisbon's Humberto Delgado Airport is the country's biggest airport, so most international flights to Portugal arrive here. Due to its central location, it is a great starting point if you want to set out by car or catch a connecting flight to other destinations across the country. Porto's Francisco Sa Carneiro Airport (OPO) is the gateway to Portugal's northern region. If you want to explore the south of the country, it may be best to fly into Faro International Airport (FAO). I want to visit the Azores. Where should I fly into? Azores Airlines offers direct flights from Toronto and Montreal to Joao Paulo II Airport (PDL) near Ponta Delgada, which is the capital of the archipelago and is located on the main island of Sao Miguel. The airline also flies between Toronto and Lajes International Airport (TER) which is located on the second largest island, Terceira. There are regular flights between the 9 main islands of the archipelago and the Portuguese mainland, so you can travel around easily. Which airport is the most convenient when heading to the Algarve? The Algarve in the south of Portugal is famous for its beaches and stunning coastline. The closest airport is Faro International Airport, which is located in the southeast near the Spanish border and services the entire Algarve region. The drive to the western coast is approximately 1h 30min on the A22 motorway if you rent a car from the airport. How long is the flight to Portugal? An average direct flight from Canada to Portugal takes 12h 53m, covering a distance of 9024 km. The most popular route is Toronto - Lisbon with an average flight time of 6h 55m. What is the cheapest flight to Portugal? The cheapest ticket to Portugal from Canada found in the last 72 hours was C$ 336 one-way, and C$ 368 round-trip. The most popular route is Toronto Pearson Intl to Lisbon Humberto Delgado and the cheapest round-trip airline ticket found on this route in the last 72 hours was C$ 468. Which airlines fly to Portugal? TAP AIR PORTUGAL, Porter Airlines & Air Transat fly the most frequently from Canada to Portugal. What are the most popular destinations in Portugal? The next most popular destinations are Porto (9%) and Ponta Delgada (7%). Searches for flights to Faro (5%), to Funchal (4%) and to Lajes (1%) are also popular. How does KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a given destination and date is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Portugal Looking for cheap airfare to Portugal? 25% of our users found tickets to Portugal for the following prices or less: From Toronto Pearson Intl C$ 495 one-way - C$ 777 round-trip, from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 492 one-way - C$ 881 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be June and July. The cheapest month to fly from Canada is January. Enter your preferred departure airport and travel dates into the search form above to unlock the latest Portugal flight deals. Most travellers to Portugal arrive at Humberto Delgado Airport (LIS), which serves as the primary entry point. If you wish to visit some of Portugal's well-known attractions, such as Sintra and Cascais, the LIS Airport is the best airport to fly into. Although there are international flights to Portugal from other airports, such as Francisco Sá Carneiro Airport (OPO), the vast majority of business travellers choose to fly through LIS Airport. Because it is close to Lisbon City, which serves as the nation's capital and is home to the majority of Portugal's corporate offices, LIS Airport is a favorite airport for passengers on business trips. The easiest way to get to the centre of the city is to take a taxi from the Lisbon airport. It will cost about € 20 (about C$ 28) for the cab fare, and it will take about 20 minutes to get you there. The bus is an additional affordable choice. The bus ride to Lisbon's city centre costs around € 4 (about C$ 6), and it takes about 45 minutes. Canadian citizens do not need a visa to travel to Portugal, provided that their stay within the area does not exceed 90 days. Travellers are advised to ensure that their passport is valid for at least 3 months beyond their date of departure from Portugal. There are exchange offices at all major airports in Portugal, so you can either exchange your Canadian dollars into euros or withdraw cash directly at one of the ATMs upon arrival without hassle. If you are planning to rent a car at the airport in Portugal, be aware that children under the age of 12 must be in a booster seat that is UN R44/R129 approved. Children who are under 12 or less than 150 cm tall are also not allowed to sit in the front seat. To reach the islands of Madeira, you can catch a flight to Madeira International Airport (FUN), near Funchal on the main island. The island is well connected to cities on Portugal's mainland as well as a number of other European destinations. If you are departing from Canada, you might find cheaper flights that include a layover in another European country. To visit the central region of Portugal including Coimbra, the most convenient airport is Humberto Delgado Airport (LIS) in Lisbon, from which you can get to Coimbra by bus in approximately 2h. See more tips Top 5 airlines flying to PortugalNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Canada to Portugal? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.8 LufthansaOverall score based on 29276 reviews 80boarding 77comfort 76entertainment 84crew 80overall 75food Airline reviews Poor streaming choices available and internet was inconsistent and too slow.Read more about Lufthansa Poor streaming choices available and internet was inconsistent and too slow. The flight staff was nice. The pilot was a bit erratic with the plane. I like the flight Finnair service was great. Also the food was not good. Pros: "The leg space was great for economy class. There was room for bags in the overhead. The movie selection was great." Cons: "Boarding via bus.... first bus had kids, business class, and people who needed help. Second bus had everyone else. Both waited on the tarmac for the plane to be ready and both busses opened the doors at the same time. The families were swamped while trying to load the plane with kids in tow." Pros: "The flight itself was fine." Cons: "We waited in the plane on the tarmac for 3-1/2 hours waiting for the plane to be de-iced before take-off. I understand that there is nothing Lufthansa can do about the weather, but they (or the Munich airport) need to have more de-icing machines. It is ridiculous to have to wait that long." Pros: "The fact that it was indeed a plane that went to europe. that's it." Cons: "The staff (especially ticketing) was rude. And hung up on me when I asked for their name because they knew they were wrong." Pros: "Staff was very pleasant , polite, and accommodating" Cons: "No complaints except for the how long is the flight, but it’s a part of a journey" Cons: "You get onecthecshuttle bus first but then it iscafree for all when you disembark. Only 9ne stairway was operational when we arrived so slow boarding. Business Class seats are same ad economy - just the middle seat is vacant. You get a mediocre meal." Pros: "Food was excellent. Wide variety of entertainment options. Good German beer." Cons: "Cramped seating in economy for the long flight with thin padding making me very aware of the knees of the man behind me." Pros: "Comfortable seats. Good snack. Helpful crew. We needed extra assistance and staff were very accommodating." Cons: "No negative comments." Drinks such as water (unlimited and coffee should at least be offered for free! Cons: "Super uncomfortable seats (the most ever) No personal tv/entertainment." Cons: "We ended up with two center seats. Person in front put back her seat so I couldn't even fully unfold my service tray" Pros: "Food was ok" Cons: "Worst accommodations for baggage on a international flight in my opinion.Pay for a bag is the best advice in my opinion this airline barley lets you bring anything with. Disgusting plane it was so dirty I took a shower after this flight and the amount of dust in the air was visible terrible" Cons: "So many delays, no real info provided. When we had to stay overnight they didn’t mention it would take 4 hours to get our bags which actually never came. Airline industry sucks and deltas one of the worst." Pros: "The crew was very professional and service minded" Cons: "The food was disgusting this time as well as the last time I traveled with TAP. The seats was uncomfortable and in leather like material witch made the seats very warm and sticky." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "Be on time and that they dont loose my bags! Wait for and extra 2 hours in the arrival airport because of the lost" Pros: "The crew were very friendly, a nice and relaxed flight and they gave out complimentary food and coffee which was brilliant" Cons: "Flight was delayed which was out of their control" Pros: "The crew were very friendly and attentive, there was a delay to boarding and departure but they were very apologetic about it. Service was attentive on the plane and bags promptly delivered at the baggage carousel." Cons: "I upgraded at the airport to Executive class, which is really a bit of a scam to be honest. It’s just the first two rows of the plane and the middle seat kept free... the seats were no different to economy. Not worth the 109€ upgrade fee." Pros: "all staf in airport pleasant and quickly to across other place to connect" Cons: "a lot of people they pass by preference, and late for star Alliance" Pros: "The flight was without a hitch. One of the washroom in the plane was out of service but it was a non-issue. My vegetarian meal was the same from my departure flight but still ok. The mac and cheese for kids meal was also not bad. Entertainment was also good. There were a lot of choices for all ages." Cons: "We waited for a few minutes at the corridor for the shuttle to take us to the plane. Maybe there was only 1 shuttle instead of 2 to take the passengers." Pros: "I fly coach so no the seat is not comfortable. However the crew, food, and entertainment were great." Cons: "We were fee'd to death. For example, this is the first time flying Air Transat where we had to pay extra for luggage and the cost was incredibly high! I feel ripped off." Pros: "L’équipage très serviable à l’ecoute et souriant" Cons: "Pas d’ecran dans les appuie tête devant pour l’entertainment. Le siege n’a aucun ajustement pour la tête Et aucune prise usb pour charger nos appareils" Pros: "Boarding was almost on time. Crew was good." Cons: "Why did I pay additional $200 dollars to check 1 bag? $70 Canadian there, $50 pounds back (converted to $100 on my bank app.) Ridiculous won't be flying this airline again. Food was terrible - didn't eat. The crew didn't turn off the plane lights to MCR overnight flight, didn't sleep even 1 minute." Pros: "The crew was professional and did a great job making sure everyone was informed and well looked after." Cons: "Stroller was not at the gate. We had a connecting flight. Had to go out and check in again to collect the stroller." Pros: "There was not much to like... we boarded quickly that was about it." Cons: "For starters, they should offer water and juice on all flights. On my outbound trip they only offered water and it took them a long time to offer the water. Also, on my inbound trip they turned on the lights after take off and had them on for a while. Seats are also SMALL." Pros: "Flow as smooth , attendants were good." Cons: "Boarding was delayed and then we sat about an hour on board waiting to get de-iced. Ended up over 1 1/2 hours late." Pros: "Price" Cons: "It took almost an hour from landing for our luggage to make it to the belt. For a domestic flight, this is really poor." Both departing and returning flight were delayed!? And then a rebooked flight on a different day Delayed. In flight entertainment is complex but extensive. The flight was 2 1/2 hours late-initially announced with 20 min delay-. Appears to have been weather related. Check-in staff very helpful. Needed wheelchair assistance-efficient in Boston, slow but very helpful in YUL. Given the delay would have appreciated refreshments on plane (more than a tiny packet of pretzels). Plane was clean and apparently in good condition. The crew was Very friendly and kind even when my 2 kids starts to cry because the long journey to Montréal With significant delay due to weather, there was very little information provided to passengers regarding time when pilots will arrive while sitting on the plane Plus; Easy check in. Organized and efficient crew. Minus; Legroom on plane. Wiped down armrests and tray table with a Clorox wipe and wipe showed more dirt than I thought was there. Lots of delay! Cheotic and disorganized! Aircraft had technical problem and was stopped and returbed to the gate while taking off! . United States is sinking under Joe Biden! Didn’t had any great expectations. Flight was on time, that was a big relief. The crew was nice and helpful. Seats were basic. For a 4 hour flight, they didn’t even offer snack. Just paid snack, which is lame. We book an Air Canada flight but "got Rouged". Lengthy delays and 5 gate changes in a couple of hours. Cabin cramped, very little room in overheads. Food tasted stale. Generally awful except courteous and capable crew. Avoid Rouge like the plague. Honestly it was worth experience of traveling for last 50 years. Thx Every meal/snack included something with ham/pork - even the cookies had "swine fat" (which we only knew because we thoroughly checked the ingredients). There were no vegetarian options, and we had not been given the option of pre-selecting a meal when purchasing our tickets or checking in. That made for a VERY long flight. We were fortunate that we had brought our own snacks as back-up. I wasn't able to log into the onboard wifi entertainment, but I fell asleep on the flight anyway. Pros: "No complaints about the crew" Cons: "The in air entertainment didn’t work and the flight was 2 hours delayed." Pros: "Newer, clean interior. Seats had power plugs and the SATA Onboard entertainment app provided free movies, tv and music." Cons: "One of the male flight attendants was happy and engaging while the other was not friendly; and two of the female flight attendants were ok, while the younger two were unquestionably unfriendly." Cons: "Took off late missed my connecting flight and they lost my luggage and claim process is taking for ever" Pros: "The flight was changed from 9:20pm to 4am. Then they bumped me to the next day because they oversold the flight. So I missed 1 1/2 days of my retreat." Cons: "Everything!" Pros: "The crew was great very attentive to everyone's needs and helping to see that our disembark went well. Great job and a great flight. We all got home safe." Cons: "I didn't like the fact that we lost one day in the Azores was supposed to arrive on Saturday morning instead we arrived Sunday after one a.m. and again we were delayed one hour." Cons: "Seats were chosen weeks ago and we recieved a text the night before flight that our seats were changed . They put our 2 year old by himself in tow 38 and the rest of us in tow 5&8 and told us we had to figure it out and ask passengers to switch . Hey made no effort to accommodate" Pros: "I loved the fact that our meals, drinks and seat allocation was included in the price. The staff at Azores air was excellent. The flight crew was friendly and it was a smooth flight that took off and landed on time." Cons: "I bought the ticket through lastminute.com everything I had sent to me said I was on a TAP flight. It was a shared flight and I actually had to check in with Azores Air. This caused me a lot of stress as when I called lastminute.com to find out what was going on as TAP didn’t have a flight leaving to my destination it was only after several minutes of conveying there was no Tap flight that the customer service rep said oh you are to check in with Azores Air." Cons: "There were 2 other couples in the situation described above. We waited in line and got to the agent first, but upon realizing he had more than one couple in our situation, he agreed to help us all as a group. He gave us our tickets for the new flights one by one. When we got onto the aircraft we realized that we were in the far rear of the plane and the two couples (4 tickets) BEHIND us in the original line were given tickets in the business class portion of the plane, all the way in front. We were seated between two screaming babies and their parents, cramped in an aisle and middle seat. When I originally booked the reservation, I had paid extra money for the seats we preferred. Our new flight gave us the worst seats on the plane while giving the couples behind us in line the best." Lufthansa7.8 TAP AIR PORTUGAL7.2 Air Transat7.2 Air Canada7.1 Azores Airlines6.1 Book Cheap Portugal Plane Tickets Recent one-way flight deals 26/2Mon 2 stops 20h 55mYHM-LIS C$ 224 Search 6/12Wed directAzores Airlines 5h 45mYYZ-PDL C$ 242 Search 5/12Tue 1 stopAir Transat 27h 50mYYZ-LIS C$ 318 Search 5/12Tue directAir Transat 6h 55mYYZ-LIS C$ 323 Search 17/4Wed directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 7h 05mYYZ-LIS C$ 389 Search 4/2Sun directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 6h 40mYUL-LIS C$ 389 Search 1/2Thu 2 stopsAir Canada 11h 55mYTZ-LIS C$ 563 Search 7/12Thu 1 stopAir Canada 9h 55mYTZ-LIS C$ 564 Search 6/12Wed directLufthansa 7h 20mYYZ-LIS C$ 569 Search 19/3Tue 2 stopsLufthansa 19h 10mYYZ-LIS C$ 606 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAzores AirlinesAir TransatTAP AIR PORTUGALAir CanadaLufthansa Search by priceC$ 240 or lessC$ 320 or lessC$ 390 or lessC$ 560 or lessC$ 610 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 15/2Thu 1 stopPLAY 20h 55mYHM-LIS 19/2Mon 1 stopPLAY 24h 55mLIS-YHM C$ 293 Search 11/2Sun 1 stopPLAY 20h 55mYHM-LIS 19/2Mon 1 stopPLAY 24h 55mLIS-YHM C$ 328 Search 17/1Wed directAir Transat 6h 30mYUL-LIS 7/2Wed 1 stopAir Transat 29h 30mLIS-YUL C$ 349 Search 17/1Wed 1 stopAir Transat 16h 10mYTZ-LIS 25/1Thu 1 stopAir Transat 15h 50mLIS-YTZ C$ 356 Search 13/1Sat directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 7h 05mYYZ-LIS 20/1Sat directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 8h 35mLIS-YYZ C$ 394 Search 10/12Sun directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 7h 05mYYZ-LIS 11/12Mon directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 8h 35mLIS-YYZ C$ 403 Search 9/1Tue 1 stopAir Canada 10h 55mYTZ-LIS 25/1Thu 1 stopAir Canada 11h 56mLIS-YTZ C$ 431 Search 15/2Thu 1 stopAir Canada 10h 30mYTZ-LIS 27/2Tue 1 stopAir Canada 11h 51mLIS-YTZ C$ 432 Search 10/2Sat directAzores Airlines 5h 45mYYZ-PDL 29/2Thu directAzores Airlines 7h 00mPDL-YYZ C$ 473 Search 10/2Sat directAzores Airlines 5h 45mYYZ-PDL 29/2Thu directAzores Airlines 7h 00mPDL-YYZ C$ 480 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePLAYAir TransatTAP AIR PORTUGALAir CanadaAzores Airlines Search by priceC$ 330 or lessC$ 360 or lessC$ 400 or lessC$ 430 or lessC$ 480 or less Last minute flights to Portugal Last minute flight, train and bus deals 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Transat 27h 50mYYZ-LIS 11/12Mon multi-stopAir Transat 28h 46mLIS-YYZ C$ 352 Search 5/12Tue directAir Transat 6h 55mYYZ-LIS 11/12Mon multi-stopAir Transat 28h 46mLIS-YYZ C$ 353 Search 5/12Tue directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 7h 05mYYZ-LIS 11/12Mon directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 8h 35mLIS-YYZ C$ 396 Search 4/12Mon directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 7h 05mYYZ-LIS 8/12Fri directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 8h 30mLIS-YYZ C$ 397 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 6h 50mYUL-LIS 19/12Tue directAir Canada 7h 55mLIS-YUL C$ 539 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAzores Airlines 9h 45mYYZ-LIS 6/12Wed multi-stopAzores Airlines 31h 00mLIS-YYZ C$ 555 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAzores Airlines 9h 45mYYZ-LIS 4/12Mon multi-stopAzores Airlines 26h 35mLIS-YYZ C$ 558 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 11h 30mYTZ-LIS 26/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 11h 51mLIS-YTZ C$ 858 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 13h 55mYYZ-LIS 12/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 20h 36mLIS-YYZ C$ 1,083 Search 5/12Tue directLufthansa 6h 50mYUL-LIS 12/12Tue directLufthansa 7h 45mLIS-YUL C$ 1,180 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir TransatTAP AIR PORTUGALAir CanadaAzores AirlinesLufthansa Search by priceC$ 350 or lessC$ 400 or lessC$ 560 or lessC$ 860 or lessC$ 1,180 or less Flights to Portugal Return flight deals: Portugal - Canada Cabin classes: First Class flights to Portugal C$ 1,330 Business Class flights to Portugal C$ 1,192 Prem Econ Class flights to Portugal C$ 365 Economy Class flights to Portugal Browse origins: Flights » Canada C$ 653Flights from Alberta to Portugal C$ 774Flights from British Columbia to Portugal Flights from Fredericton to Portugal Flights from Moncton to Portugal C$ 1,011Flights from Newfoundland and Labrador to Portugal C$ 709Flights from Nova Scotia to Portugal C$ 368Flights from Ontario to Portugal C$ 825Flights from Prince Edward Island to Portugal C$ 485Flights from Quebec to Portugal Flights from Saint John to Portugal Flights from Saskatoon to Portugal Flights from Winnipeg to Portugal View more Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Portugal C$ 518Flights to Albufeira, Portugal C$ 518Flights to Algarve, Portugal C$ 487Flights to Azores, Portugal C$ 490Flights to Braga, Portugal C$ 518Flights to Faro, Portugal C$ 518Flights to Lagos, Portugal C$ 368Flights to Lisbon, Portugal C$ 510Flights to Madeira, Portugal C$ 518Flights to Portimão, Portugal C$ 490Flights to Porto, Portugal C$ 518Flights to Vilamoura, Portugal View more Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Halifax Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to St. John's Flights to Saskatoon Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Portugal flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Portugal from anywhere in Canada. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to anywhere in Portugal from anywhere in Canada. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.