Sea Club Resort C$ 77 (C̶$̶ ̶8̶7̶3̶). Fort Lauderdale Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Sea Club Resort Fort Lauderdale, FLSee location 4.8 Mediocre4,814 reviews Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 77 View Deal 102 more Sea Club Resort deals 102 more Sea Club Resort deals Lobby 1/27 Beach 2/27 Bar 3/27 Restaurant 4/27 Bedroom 5/27 Pool 6/27 Front desk 7/27 Building 8/27 Gym 9/27 Building 10/27 Restaurant 11/27 Bedroom 12/27 Bedroom 13/27 Pool 14/27 Front desk 15/27 Bedroom 16/27 Other 17/27 Bedroom 18/27 Gym 19/27 Bedroom 20/27 Pool 21/27 Bedroom 22/27 Front desk 23/27 Bathroom 24/27 Business centre 25/27 Restaurant 26/27 Outdoors view 27/27 All photos(27) Bedroom(7) Front desk(3) Pool(3) Restaurant(3) View all photos About Sea Club Resort Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi and Parking for free The Sea Club Resort is located in beautiful Fort Lauderdale, Florida. It is across the street from the beach and the Atlantic Ocean. Any time of the year is ideal to come visit the Sea Club Resort. Spring and Winter are preferred though. All of the guest’s rooms have been totally remodeled. This hotel was built in 1951 and it was the Jolly Roger Hotel. It was a nautical theme, and celebrities stayed here. The Sea Club Resort has newly renovated rooms, and it offers plenty of amenities as well. There is complimentary wireless internet access in public areas, and guest rooms. There is a deck bar and restaurant, that has fresh seafood, with poolside or take out options available. There is a brand-new fitness center, new business center, guest laundry on premises, and dry cleaning is available too. There is a complimentary continental breakfast. There is also a heated pool. The guest rooms and suites have been renovated as well. The resort had a multi-million-dollar renovation and now they are a 3.5-star Boutique hotel. The rooms have modern décor, new plush carpet, Beauty rest Air-Cooled Mattresses, 42-unch flat screen TV with over 50 channels, plush linens, the suites have kitchenettes, granite countertops, new bathrooms, coffee makers, and more. The Fort Lauderdale Hotel Sea Club Resort is located near the Fort Lauderdale Convention Center, Bonnet House Museum and Gardens, International Swimming Hall of Fame, and the beach. The Sea Club Resort is the only boutique hotel on the beach with free parking. Read more Latest deals for Sea Club Resort Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests King room See amenities C$ 77 View deal C$ 92 View deal C$ 93 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 90 View deal C$ 93 View deal C$ 98 View deal Show 10 more deals Deluxe room See amenities C$ 218 View deal C$ 225 View deal C$ 230 View deal Show 1 more deal Standard Room See amenities C$ 79 View deal C$ 80 View deal C$ 99 View deal Show 10 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 98 View deal *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Sea Club Resort Snorkeling Outdoor pool Beachfront Fitness centre Restaurant Bar/Lounge Room service Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Coffee machine Services and conveniences ATM on-site Business centre Wake-up service Car rental Safety deposit box Concierge service Meeting/Banquet facilities Room service Tour desk 24hr front desk Basics Free Wi-Fi Internet Linens Towels Free toiletries Heating Air-conditioned Trash cans Dining Packed lunches Microwave Restaurant Bar/Lounge Tea/coffee maker Refrigerator Coffee machine Bathroom Shower Bathtub Hairdryer Toilet Toilet paper Private bathroom Things to do Fishing Scuba diving Diving Snorkeling Evening entertainment Windsurfing General Beachfront Family rooms Seating area Telephone Carpeted Storage available Media and entertainment Radio Flat-screen TV Shared lounge/TV area Cable or satellite TV TV Accessibility and suitability Disabled Access Elevator No smoking Designated smoking area Laundry Laundry facilities Laundry service Iron and ironing board Bedroom Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Alarm clock Wardrobe or closet Health and safety Daily housekeeping Safe Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Parking and transportation Free parking Private parking Workspace Fax/photocopying Desk Pool Heated pool Outdoor pool Outdoor Terrace/Patio Family friendly Babysitting or child care Fitness Fitness centre Show all 70 amenities Reviews of Sea Club Resort 4.8 MediocreBased on 4,814 verified guest reviews 4.8Families 4.9Couples 4.6Friends 5.5Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention location was greatdirty roomstreet from the beachbeach chairsstaff was friendlybeach hotelold hotelacross the streetfront desknice poolbar and restaurantocean viewgreat priceneeds updatingbed was comfortableroom was cleanfort lauderdalefree parking Traveler rating: Poor (567) Mediocre (114) Fair (124) Okay (85) Good (96) Very good (111) Wonderful (128) Sort by: Newest first N 2.8 Poor Nicole, Feb. 2020 Pros:It was across the street from the beach Cons:This place is a DUMP! The pictures are very misleading. The sheets and blankets had holes, the ceiling was stained and damaged, the wall had mildew all over it, the bathroom was run down with mold and rust. It was horrible! M 5.1 Fair Marissa, Feb. 2020 Pros:Bed was comfortable Cons:Cleanliness was not good. A 8.2 Very good Anonymous, Dec. 2019 Pros:Staff was friendly, location was AMAZING, free beach chairs and towels, on site dining. Cons:Could use a new shower head and pressure. TV was cloudy. Went through over 20 keys because they stopped working. G 6.0 Okay George, Feb. 2019 Pros:For a hotel in this location, directly on the beach, the price couldn’t be better. Mustn’t be compared to its high end nearby neighbours such as the stunning Conrad a few steps away. It’s only a matter of time until this block is demolished and replaced with another glam hotel or condo complex. Until then, this little spot gives you a cheap destination directly on the beach and saves you money for the high end food and beverage offerings nearby. Cons:Gives the impression of treading water until a property sale. Every aspect from plumbing, electric and soft furnishings need an overhaul. Go for the beach, not the facility. J 3.1 Poor Joe, Mar. 2018 Pros:Close proximity to the beach. Cons:Very dirty and poorly maintained. The shower had a rusty hole in the bottom of the tub and I had to warn my young children not to step on it so they didn’t cut their foot. All this for 300$ a night. Smh. A 4.0 Mediocre Anonymous, Mar. 2018 Pros:Fresh towels when we received them, staff was accommodating to a certain extent, wasn't bothered too much from staff. Was able to ask about local places to go. Poolside had fresh towels laid on tableside next to chairs and replaced hourly. Clean front desk area, presentable. They held our belongings since we arrived earlier then check in time. As we left, we asked to extend check out time from 11am to 1pm, which they were able to do. Food was good at the hotel restaurant, fast. Cons:Check in is at 3pm, asked to come earlier and was declined, Which was fine, so we wait till 3 and checked in but the room was not ready. The room was still being prepped(still had cleaning supplies in the room), all tv/lamps/lights were not plugged in, stained bedsheets. Told front, they sent someone to fix it but after having left for 2+ hrs, we come back with the room door not properly closed all the way, bedsheet changed but on the desk there was a used plastic cup belonging to no one in the room. Changed rooms eventually. No daily clean towels, restaurant staff was rude/sarcastic, no phone signal, poor wifi, very little outlets for charging plugs, door wouldn't shut unless forcibly closing when going in/out of room, shower knob was loose and at times couldn't work, location was a bit far from any main shops or restaurant. Staff was accommodating to a certain extent but we would not go back again. A 5.1 Fair Anonymous, Dec. 2017 Pros:Staff was all about looking after the guests Cons:It’s old Very old. To old. Old. Needs a pair job and a real clean A 8.2 Very good Anonymous, Feb. 2017 Pros:The hotel is across the street from the beach, they supply sand chairs and towels for the beach. The staff was friendly and helpful. The beds are comfortable. The room was very clean. Even tho there are some problems, we adjusted and had a good stay. Cons:The hotel is old, they have tried to dress it up, but the exterior door has a gap around the side of the door, and the dead bolt did not work. The bathroom is very old and needs to be updated, the bathroom door did not shut. The walls are very thin and you here everything in the rooms next you. M 9.7 Wonderful Michael, Jan. 2017 Pros:Second time staying here. Great people behind the counter, and all four of us enjoyed it. Cons:Walls are thin and had noise complaint on us shortly after we got there from our group having a normal conversation. But nothing that would keep us from going back! P 8.0 Very good Phillip, Oct. 2016 Pros:Lpcation Cons:Age of appearance. In severe need of updating. Location 619 Fort Lauderdale Beach Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33304 What's nearby Bonnet House Museum and Gardens0.4 km Fort Lauderdale Beach Park1.3 km The Galleria1.3 km Las Olas Beach1.4 km Hugh Taylor Birch State Park1.7 km International Swimming Hall of Fame1.8 km Las Olas Boulevard2.3 km Parker Playhouse3.3 km Riverwalk3.3 km 15th Street Fisheries3.6 km Stranahan House3.7 km NSU Art Museum Fort Lauderdale4.2 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 12:00 PM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Sea Club Resort Low season September High season February Average price (weeknight) C$ 115 Average price (weekend night) C$ 166 Cheapest month to stay with an average 27% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 49% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Sea Club Resort Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Sea Club Resort If you’re after a cheap room at Sea Club Resort, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in September and October. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Sea Club Resort, plan to stay on a Sunday or Saturday. The most expensive day is usually Thursday. The cheapest price a room at Sea Club Resort was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 187, while the most expensive was C$ 187. How long should you stay at Sea Club Resort? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 4 days. FAQs when booking at Sea Club Resort What's the best way to get to Sea Club Resort from the airport? When you arrive at the Fort Lauderdale airport (FLL), your journey to Sea Club Resort couldn't be more straightforward. The most convenient options include hailing a taxi, renting a car from reputable services like Enterprise or Avis, or opting for the transportation service thoughtfully provided by the hotel. If you're keen on a hassle-free start to your stay, the hotel's transportation service ensures a seamless transfer, sparing you the logistics and stress of arranging transportation independently. Why should I stay at Sea Club Resort instead of other hotels nearby? Sea Club Resort sets itself apart as an inviting blend of contemporary luxury and historic allure. Following a significant, multi-million-dollar renovation, it proudly stands as a 3.5-star Boutique hotel. What makes it exceptional? First and foremost, its prime location, just steps from the beach, grants you easy access to the sparkling Atlantic Ocean. Furthermore, Sea Club Resort offers a rare gem in the form of complimentary parking, alleviating the often-hectic quest for parking in the area. Newly remodeled rooms, including plush linens and modern amenities, create a comfortable sanctuary. Is Sea Club Resort suitable for families traveling with children? Absolutely, Sea Club Resort is a family-friendly establishment, and its location near the beach makes it an excellent choice for families. The resort offers a range of room types to accommodate different family sizes, and amenities like the heated pool and complimentary continental breakfast add to the convenience and comfort of a family stay. Plus, the beach across the street provides endless family fun and relaxation opportunities. So, whether you're building sandcastles with the kids or exploring the nearby attractions, Sea Club Resort caters to families looking for a memorable vacation experience in Fort Lauderdale. What's the best room to stay in at Sea Club Resort and why? Sea Club Resort provides a variety of room types, all of which have been recently renovated with modern decor and upgraded amenities. The best room for you depends on your preferences and needs. If you value additional space and convenience, the suites with kitchenettes and enhanced features are an excellent option. These suites offer a home-like experience, making longer stays more comfortable and enjoyable. Whether you choose a standard room or a suite, you can expect comfort and style during your stay at Sea Club Resort. Can I request an early check-in or late checkout at Sea Club Resort? Sea Club Resort understands that travel plans can vary, and they are happy to accommodate guests with early check-in or late checkout requests, depending on availability. To make the most of these options, it's advisable to contact the hotel's front desk in advance. It's worth noting that there may be additional fees associated with these services, but the resort's willingness to provide such flexibility underscores its commitment to ensuring guests' convenience and comfort. Whether you need extra time to relax and unwind or want to make the most of your stay, Sea Club Resort strives to tailor your experience to your specific needs. Where is Sea Club Resort located? Sea Club Resort is located at 619 Fort Lauderdale Beach Boulevard in Central Beach, 3.9 km from the centre of Fort Lauderdale. Bonnet House Museum and Gardens is the closest landmark to Sea Club Resort. When is check-in time and check-out time at Sea Club Resort? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 12:00 PM at Sea Club Resort. Does Sea Club Resort offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Sea Club Resort offers free Wi-Fi. Does Sea Club Resort offer free parking? Yes, Sea Club Resort offers free parking. How far is Sea Club Resort from the airport? Sea Club Resort is 7.8 km from Fort Lauderdale. Sea Club Resort is 9.9 km from Fort Lauderdale Executive. Does Sea Club Resort have a pool? Yes, Sea Club Resort has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Sea Club Resort hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Sea Club Resort in Fort Lauderdale and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Sea Club Resort and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Sea Club Resort. Nearby hotels and places to stay ClosestSee more nearby stays 2-star hotel Premiere Hotel9.1 Excellent (863 reviews)0.1 kmOutdoor pool, beachfront, RestaurantC$ 199+ 4-star hotel The Atlantic Hotel & Spa7.7 Good (692 reviews)0.11 kmSnorkeling, Outdoor pool, beachfrontC$ 306+ 5-star hotel Conrad Fort Lauderdale Beach9 Excellent (327 reviews)0.17 kmOutdoor pool, beachfront, Spa and wellness centreC$ 621+ 3-star hotel Royal Palms Resort & Spa7.7 Good (1,148 reviews)0.18 kmOutdoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 226+ CheapestSee cheapest stays in Fort Lauderdale 2-star hotel Premiere Hotel9.1 Excellent (863 reviews)0.1 kmOutdoor pool, beachfront, RestaurantC$ 199+ 3-star hotel Royal Palms Resort & Spa7.7 Good (1,148 reviews)0.18 kmOutdoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 226+ 4-star hotel The Atlantic Hotel & Spa7.7 Good (692 reviews)0.11 kmSnorkeling, Outdoor pool, beachfrontC$ 306+ 5-star hotel Conrad Fort Lauderdale Beach9 Excellent (327 reviews)0.17 kmOutdoor pool, beachfront, Spa and wellness centreC$ 621+ Most recommendedSee most recommended stays in Fort Lauderdale 2-star hotel Premiere Hotel9.1 Excellent (863 reviews)0.1 kmOutdoor pool, beachfront, RestaurantC$ 199+ 5-star hotel Conrad Fort Lauderdale Beach9 Excellent (327 reviews)0.17 kmOutdoor pool, beachfront, Spa and wellness centreC$ 621+ 4-star hotel The Atlantic Hotel & Spa7.7 Good (692 reviews)0.11 kmSnorkeling, Outdoor pool, beachfrontC$ 306+ 3-star hotel Royal Palms Resort & Spa7.7 Good (1,148 reviews)0.18 kmOutdoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 226+ Good to know Value for money 6.0 Distance to downtown 3.9 km Nearest Airport Fort Lauderdale Distance to airport 7.9 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Florida Hotels in South Florida Fort Lauderdale Hotels Sea Club Resort Top Hotel Destinations Québec City Hotels Toronto Hotels Lac-Supérieur Hotels The Blue Mountains Hotels Vernon Hotels San Francisco Hotels Brooklyn Hotels Honolulu Hotels Regina Hotels Jasper Hotels Cavendish Hotels Hinton Hotels Las Vegas Hotels Banff Hotels Vancouver hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Kelowna hotels Whistler hotels Niagara Falls hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Sea Club Resort discounts in Fort Lauderdale with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Sea Club Resort in Fort Lauderdale. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Sea Club Resort that suits you best. C$ 104 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.