Cheap Flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando from $37 | (PIT - ORL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando from $37 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/31. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Pittsburgh to Orlando. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Pittsburgh to Orlando. How much is the cheapest flight from Pittsburgh to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:57 pm - 11:37 pmPIT-MCO 2h 40mnonstop 4:03 pm - 6:31 pmMCO-PIT 2h 28mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Sat, Jan 13 6:20 pm - 8:54 pmPIT-MCO 2h 34mnonstop 6:45 pm - 9:10 pmMCO-PIT 2h 25mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Tue, Jan 23 5:57 pm - 8:34 pmPIT-MCO 2h 37mnonstop 7:27 pm - 9:59 pmMCO-PIT 2h 32mnonstop $41Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Wed, Dec 20 5:57 pm - 8:34 pmPIT-MCO 2h 37mnonstop 6:33 pm - 9:04 pmMCO-PIT 2h 31mnonstop $44Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Tue, Dec 19 6:05 am - 8:40 amPIT-MCO 2h 35mnonstop 6:45 pm - 9:10 pmMCO-PIT 2h 25mnonstop $46Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 3:20 pm - 5:55 pmPIT-MCO 2h 35mnonstop 6:45 pm - 9:10 pmMCO-PIT 2h 25mnonstop $50Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Wed, Jan 31 8:29 am - 2:12 pmPIT-MCO 5h 43m1 stop 2:44 pm - 5:08 pmMCO-PIT 2h 24mnonstop $51Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Sat, Feb 3 7:37 pm - 10:16 pmPIT-MCO 2h 39mnonstop 4:03 pm - 6:31 pmMCO-PIT 2h 28mnonstop $56Frontier Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Sat, Jan 13 10:00 am - 12:18 pmPIT-SFB 2h 18mnonstop 9:18 pm - 11:31 pmSFB-PIT 2h 13mnonstop $85Allegiant Air Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Sat, Jan 6 10:00 am - 12:18 pmPIT-SFB 2h 18mnonstop 1:08 pm - 3:23 pmSFB-PIT 2h 15mnonstop $90Allegiant Air Find Deal Sun, Dec 17 - Wed, Dec 20 Show more results Flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Pittsburgh to Orlando flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Pittsburgh to Orlando cost $42 and was between Pittsburgh and Orlando Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $78. What is the cheapest month to fly from Pittsburgh to Orlando? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando is August, where tickets cost $126 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are April and November, where the average cost of tickets is $249 and $232 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Pittsburgh to Orlando? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Pittsburgh to Orlando, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 26 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Pittsburgh to Orlando found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $38 on Frontier, followed by Spirit Airlines ($39). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $37 on Spirit Airlines and from $38 on Frontier. Which airlines fly non-stop between Pittsburgh and Orlando? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Pittsburgh to Orlando. They are: Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $61 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Pittsburgh and Orlando per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 8 nonstop flights that take off from Pittsburgh and land in Orlando, with an average flight time of 2h 25m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Orlando Airport. Each week, there are 34 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 24% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Pittsburgh and Orlando? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Pittsburgh to Orlando take? A direct flight to Orlando will take on average 2h 14m to travel the 828 miles flying distance from Pittsburgh. What’s the earliest departure time from Pittsburgh to Orlando? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Pittsburgh at 5:00 am and will be landing in Orlando at 7:15 am. What’s the latest departure time from Pittsburgh to Orlando? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Pittsburgh to Orlando jets off at 10:49 pm and lands at 1:25 am. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $37 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 14% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 22% increase in price. Flight from Pittsburgh to Orlando Airport When to book flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pittsburgh to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando Are there ATMs at Orlando from Orlando International Airport (MCO)? Passengers arriving at MCO from PIT looking to recharge their depleted wallets will have an array of options at their disposal. For instance, SunTrust Bank runs its ATM at the Main Terminal, Gates 1-29, Airside 1, SIDE A. What is the best way to get downtown Orlando from Orlando International Airport (MCO)? The city center of Orlando and MCO is approximately 21.4 miles apart, and a taxi can connect you between these two points within 18min. However, if you prefer public transportation, hop onto a bus at the Oia Transfer Center, and you’ll take 45min to arrive at the Sunrail station. Is there a hotel near Orlando from Orlando International Airport (MCO)? Homewood Suites By Hilton Orlando Airport and Wingate by Wyndham Orlando International Airport are two hotels within MCO’s easy reach. If your flight is scheduled to land late at MCO from PIT, consider reserving a room at any of these properties. You’ll enjoy complimentary shuttles to and from the airport. Are there rental cars at Orlando International Airport (MCO)? Multiple car rental companies run their counters at Orlando International Airport (MCO), allowing you to tour the city in a car. Upon arrival, locate on-airport rental car agencies in Terminal A and Terminal B, Level 1, Ground Transportation. Where can someone drop me off at Pittsburgh International Airport before my flight to Orlando? Drivers may drop off passengers curbside at the terminal building, but there is no parking allowed and drivers must remain with their vehicles at all times. Are there nonstop flights from Pittsburgh International Airport (PIT) to Orlando International Airport (MCO)? There are several options for nonstop flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando. Frontier Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and Southwest Airlines all offer non-stop service between these two cities. If I want to get an Uber at Orlando International Airport, where's the best place to meet my driver? There is a designated location to meet Uber drivers at Orlando International Airport. Uber drivers can meet you curbside on Level 2 Arrivals. Are there hotels located close to Orlando International Airport (MCO)? Both the Budget Inn Sanford and the Woodspring Suites Orlando Sanford have locations just a short drive to the west of the airport. Both of these hotels offer free vehicle parking. Are children’s play areas at the Pittsburgh International Airport? The FlyKids at Kidspot locations offer several interactive exhibits to keep kids entertained and engaged while waiting for flights. There is ample comfortable seating for caregivers and parents in this area as well. Do I need a passport to fly between Pittsburgh and Orlando? A passport is required to fly from Pittsburgh to Orlando. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Pittsburgh to Orlando? American Airlines, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Pittsburgh to Orlando flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Pittsburgh to Orlando? The Airbus A319 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Pittsburgh to Orlando flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Pittsburgh to Orlando? There are nonstop flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando, Delta or Allegiant Air? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando are Delta and Allegiant Air. With an average price for the route of $360 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Allegiant Air is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $182 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Pittsburgh to Orlando? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando from Pittsburgh is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando with an airline and back to Pittsburgh with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Pittsburgh to Orlando? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando from Pittsburgh up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Pittsburgh to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $64 or less one-way and $114 or less round-trip. Travelers flying aboard American Airlines from Pittsburgh International Airport (PIT) should know that the carrier runs its hub at Orlando International Airport (MCO). You’ll arrive via Terminal B and find Admirals Club in Concourse 3 of Terminal B, directly across from gate 55. Members and holders of registered cards will enjoy priority access and clearance under the fast lane program. Still, Economy Class travelers can access this suite at a reduced cost. Pittsburgh International Airport (PIT) features two terminals: Landside Terminal and Airside Terminal. The former handles ground transportation, security checkpoints, ticketing, and luggage baggage. The latter consists of 4 concourses, A, B, C, and D. Inter-terminal transfer is via shuttle buses which run from one terminal to the other every 5-15min. If you’re planning to fly Delta Airlines from PIT to MCO, know that the carrier allows you to bring pets such as cats and dogs into the cabin. Nevertheless, your four-legged friends must have the requisite health documents besides the valid vaccination certification. It’s prudent to contact the airline about any recent updates in their pet regulations. Under its art and culture program, Pittsburgh International Airport (PIT) provides numerous pieces of art throughout the airport. If you arrive early, spare some time and explore the various exhibits. The Trashbot recycling installations in Concourse C, near the Airside food court, are a must-see attraction. Religious souls keen to have a private session with their Maker will be glad to learn that PIT has a designated room for supplication. This interfaith sanctuary features both a chapel and a mosque to accommodate everyone. If you want to pray before your trip from PIT to MCO, locate it in the Airside Terminal on the Mezzanine Level. If you are looking for an easy way to get to the Pittsburgh International Airport (PIT) for your flight to Orlando International Airport (MCO), a good choice is the 28X Airport Flyer. This bus offers service to the airport from Downtown Pittsburgh, Robinson Town Center, and Oakland on a daily basis. Buses run about every 30min from early in the morning until about midnight. As one of the largest rental car markets in the world, it is no surprise that it is quite easy to rent a car at Orlando International Airport. All of the major rental car companies operate on the A-side of the terminal, on the ground transportation level. If you're in the mood for something to eat before your flight to Orlando, Pittsburgh International Airport offers a host of choices. These range from the coffee and sweets of Dunkin' Donuts, to the sit-down menu of Bellfarm Kitchen, to the healthy juices of Joe and the Juice. For a cost-effective way to get to Downtown Orlando after your flight from Pittsburgh, the Lynx public bus service is a great option. Buses leave from the A-side of the terminal on the ground transportation level and costs around $2. The trip time to downtown is around 40min and operates from early in the morning to around midnight. If you’re driving yourself to the Pittsburgh International Airport for your flight to Orlando, there are some good options for parking your car. You can park in the short-term parking lot for around $16 a day, and the lot is just a short walk from the terminal building. If you prefer, you can also park in the long-term parking lot for around $8 a day and there's a moving walkway to get you from the lot to the terminal building. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Pittsburgh to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from Pittsburgh to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Pittsburgh to Orlando Search Flights Monday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Tuesday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Wednesday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Allegiant Air, Southwest, +1 more Thursday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Allegiant Air, Southwest, +2 more 1 Friday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Saturday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Sunday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Allegiant Air, Southwest, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Pittsburgh Search Flights Monday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Tuesday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Wednesday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Allegiant Air, Southwest, +1 more Thursday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Allegiant Air, Southwest, +2 more 1 Friday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Saturday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Sunday Allegiant Air, Southwest, Spirit Airlines, +1 more Allegiant Air, Southwest, +2 more 1 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Pittsburgh to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Pittsburgh to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pittsburgh to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.2 Breeze AirwaysOverall score based on 34 reviews 84boarding 83comfort 88crew 65entertainment 71food 82overall Airline reviews My flight was delayed, not by much.?very good communication during fest and waiting to board. My flight was delayed, not by much.?very good communication during fest and waiting to board. Communication with airline electronically was difficult. No number seemed available to talk to customer service. What could have been better is if Discover credit card would be able to purchase food Crew was inconsistent in instructions in advising passengers about seat backs during take off. Perfunctory announcements except from cabin. The experience with Breeze was really great. The app makes managing flights easy. You can check in on there 24 hours in advance, and your boarding pass is there, too. The flight crew and the staff at both our airports were wonderful. Snacks and drinks were reasonably priced. The seats were very comfortable, they even had adjustable headrests on every seat. The only downside is not having entertainment or Wi-Fi available onboard. The price is amazing. I was worried about how the flight would be as I never flew then. Seats were very comfortable. We had lots of legroom. The Akron airport was really nice. Overall it didn't have the stress we usually experience with flying. Highly recommend Flight delayed and moved to another gate. Got a text message updating the gate as final boarding finished. Missed flight, fighting for my refund Prior to boarding we were told the flight was still on time up until about 20 minutes after the scheduled departure time. Details on the new departure time and gate were not provided to us in a timely fashion and we were lead to board a flight to Pittsburgh only to realized upon scanning my boarding pass that it was the wrong flight when signage at the gate said Providence. However, once on board the plane was comfortable and staff courteous and nice. Perfect. Even got a screwdriver in Pitt to fix my sons luggage. Awesome airline. Outside of a 30min delay getting back home; this an excellent airline and will definitely use again. Pros: "Generous portion of free snacks. Coffee, while not great, was good." Cons: "The entertainment display in my seat did not work." Pros: "Snacks and new interior on A320" Cons: "Almost 4 hour delay and no Wi-Fi. When I complained to JetBlue I received a pathetic $15 credit." Cons: "It was cold in the flight and Tvs didn’t work due to satellite coverage" Pros: "Crew was amazing. It was the pilot’s last flight before retirement, so it was fun celebrating with him and the crew. Seats were comfortable." Pros: "Crews work really hard to serve all the passengers, thanks for the good service! I like the idea of serving the food first for the older and younger passengers I think that’s a great idea!" Cons: "Keep up the good work! Bathroom is always clean and smells good!" Pros: "The crew was ok." Cons: "We wait too much, at least someone should have told the reasons for the waiting." Cons: "Absolutely perfect from departure to arrival. Our first time flying jet blue and it was incredible" Pros: "Flight was on time, extra room seats were very comfortable." Pros: "Crew handled a health situation very well. Never lost their composure." Cons: "Not having our luggage lost" Pros: "Boarding was great and on-time. Flight took a bit longer due to the weather." Cons: "Couldn't understand any of the in-flight announcements. My in-flight entertainment didn't work right." Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Pros: "There was an incredibly large passenger next to me and I was essentially afforded only a quarter of my seat. It is not really fair for anyone to have to sit next to someone taking up twice their seat." Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Cons: "We had to wait at the customs for nearly 1.5hrs, then pick up our luggage, then check in again!!! We were running and got on the plane 10 mins before the departure. Super stressful!!" Pros: "The people was relaxed and the flight attendant was polite and professional.. everything was on time" Cons: "Nothing at all great service" Pros: "I think they flew so fast. We could land almost on time even though we departed a hour late. Airplane was new and clean." Cons: "Boarding was chaos. They overbooked 25? 45? Anyway, they are in panic. They tried to request ppl to take next day flight by giving away 300 gift card etc. the ppl who were told there are no seats upset and arguing at the gate. Flight was delayed for one hour. Once we are on airplane, they are still shuffling seats around, so ppl cannot move forward. Just standing there for 10mins waiting for things to settle. Flight attendants did not give us a headphone. (I have a headphone for iPhone X so I could not connect it to their entertaiment system.)" Pros: "Everything went as smoothly as possible. Not a hiccup. Great price, great flight, great experience!" Pros: "I love flying Delta. Non stop flights from DTW to MCO and FLL. The crew are so courteous. Love the new uniforms also." Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "I enjoyed my flight! Great movies, good food and I was comfortable. Nothing like First Class." Pros: "Excellent crew" Cons: "Entertainment system did not function at all during the flight" Plane had mechanic problem that was never explained. Had to bring a plane from another airport. Six hour delay. No apology for the delay. Not even an acknowledgment. Cons: "I tried to cancel this trip but was told I would have to pay more in order to receive a refund. Very disappointed customer as I have traveled with Allegiant many times and the one time I try to cancel my flight, I’m told I have to pay a fee which was more expensive than the actual price of the ticket. Waste of money." Pros: "Crew was friendly, boarding process was easy, spacious aisles" Cons: "The seats do not recline and are not very comfortable. Drinks and snacks are not complimentary" Pros: "Nothing is good on this flight. It was delayed by 7 hours and the communication is not proper" Cons: "Customer service" Pros: "The crew was very nice and professional. Seats were as comfortable as they can be" Cons: "I really didn't have any problems , very pleased with the airline" Pros: "The staff were friendly and helpful and boarded us in an orderly manner." Cons: "Staff are part time employees and do not arrive to check in counter until 1.5 hours before flight. When flying out of this airport you do not need to arrive 2 hours early." Pros: "Nothing to like!" Cons: "Allegiant has an obscure boarding policy that shuts down online and in-person check-in 45min before departure. We got to the Allegiant desk 35min before departure to get our boarding passes and no luggage to check, and were told we missed the flight because check-in wasn’t allowed anymore. That policy should be made very visible and clear to anyone buying tickets on Allegiance as no other airline does that to passengers. We lost 4 tickets and had to buy tickets for a flight the following day. Horrible experience!" Pros: "Flight attendants were nice." Cons: "There was no one working at the counter when we arrived at the airport and there was already a sizable line. We waited about 10 minutes before anyone showed up to assist customers. Not sure what was up with that. Very uncomfortable seats and crowded seating on plane which is typical these days everything else went fine. Flight left and arrived on time." Pros: "The crew was friendly and smiled a lot. Non stop flight from easy and for me, convenient airports. I knew food cost extra so i brought my own." Cons: "I knew my comfort would be cramped so that was expected. My only complaint was we couldn't understand the boarding instructions at the gate when they were calling zones. The microphone stunk! So because we couldn't understand,, people got in line who shouldn't have yet, and others didn't get in line that should have which seemed to really annoy some mouthy jerk in zone 5....who then had to turn around while boarding bc he forgot his phone, lol. Karma. So, that was my only entertainment and it was pretty great." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "The flight was delayed by hours, with no explanation given. It was coming from Florida, with no bad weather in between. It caused us to arrive at 1 am." Pros: "I did not take the flight, I stopped in Miami instead." Cons: "Don’t know because I did not take this flight." Pros: "The Consistency!" Cons: "Location of the gates in Charlotte are always so far away from one another!" Pros: "I hated the whole experience" Cons: "I’ve never flown American Airlines and the flight was on time." Cons: "Check in at originating and connecting flight very difficult. American Airlines could not find reservation on British Airways system. Was asked multiple times if I truly was booked on the flight. Four+ hour delay due to mechanical issues, delayed by union issues." Pros: "Arrived 5 minutes early which was great on a very late night." Pros: "All was good with the flight. It was a bit cramped, but it was an old full flight. Not a big deal" Cons: "Nothing really" Cons: "Too many delays that made me miss the original time I was to catch my connecting flight. Missed my appointment in Spain as a result..." Cons: "We arrived in Amsterdam at 9am, after traveling two hours to get there. We found out right away that there was a delay and chances of missing the connecting flight from Philadelphia to Orlando were great. We requested a different booking to insure travel to Orlando, which was denied. So the connecting flight was missed and after hours arrived in Orlando at midnight. Missed my ride and all car rentals were booked. All this caused a lot of anxiety and unnecessary stress. Very disappointing. And to add to it, the flight itself was horrible and there was no entertainment available for the entire flight." Cons: "The flight was delayed more times than I can count, we got a different reason each time. Weather I can understand, but telling us we are waiting on a specific crew to arrive and then announcing that crew is not for our flight was just terrible communication. No one seemed apologetic. The only thing they did was bring a snack cart over for us, and that got raided by children so many people didn't get anything. We had arranged transport from Orlando to Tampa for that evening, and our rides had to cancel because instead of 7pm we were now arriving at 130am. Your airline's mistakes put everyone at an inconvenience and we weren't offered assistance to fix it. My husband went to ask for help in arranging new transport home, but he couldn't even get to the front of the line. The customer service was terrible. We really enjoyed our first leg of the flight home with American Airlines, but after the second leg and all of the problems we had... we will not fly with American Airlines in the future." Cons: "The sound did not work in my assigned seat. I could not watch any movies or partipate in any games." Breeze Airways8.2 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Allegiant Air7.2 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Pittsburgh to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/31Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 35mPIT-MCO $37 Search 1/11Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 39mPIT-MCO $38 Search 1/6Sat nonstopAllegiant Air 2h 28mPIT-SFB $57 Search 12/10Sun nonstopAllegiant Air 2h 18mPIT-SFB $75 Search 2/17Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 22mPIT-MCO $116 Search 12/14Thu 1 stopDelta 8h 36mPIT-MCO $154 Search 3/13Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 03mPIT-MCO $157 Search 2/17Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 15h 49mPIT-MCO $215 Search 1/18Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 13h 34mPIT-MCO $229 Search 12/12Tue 2 stopsDelta 9h 29mPIT-MCO $442 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAllegiant AirAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$80 or less$150 or less$220 or less$440 or less Last minute flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri nonstopFrontier 2h 36mPIT-MCO 12/8Fri nonstopFrontier 2h 27mMCO-PIT $96 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 34mPIT-MCO 12/8Fri nonstop 2h 27mMCO-PIT $99 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 36mPIT-MCO 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 28mMCO-PIT $125 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 37mPIT-MCO 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 29mMCO-PIT $136 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAllegiant Air 19h 59mPIT-SFB 12/7Thu nonstopAllegiant Air 2h 15mSFB-PIT $299 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAllegiant Air 19h 59mPIT-SFB 12/7Thu multi-stopAllegiant Air 26h 59mSFB-PIT $409 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 12mPIT-MCO 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 30mMCO-PIT $527 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 19mPIT-MCO 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 09mMCO-PIT $584 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 8h 38mPIT-MCO 12/7Thu multi-stopDelta 7h 22mMCO-PIT $757 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 5h 37mPIT-MCO 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 4h 10mMCO-PIT $761 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAllegiant AirAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$100 or less$140 or less$410 or less$580 or less$760 or less Pittsburgh - Orlando Flights Departure: Pittsburgh (PIT)United States Return flight deals: Orlando - Pittsburgh Cabin classes: First Class flights to Orlando Business Class flights to Orlando Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando $38 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » United States » Pennsylvania » Pittsburgh $38Flights from Pittsburgh to Orlando Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando $38Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando $85Flights to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport, Orlando Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Fort Myers Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando from Pittsburgh. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Orlando from Pittsburgh. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.