Cheap Flights from Boston to Paris from $207 | (BOS - PAR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW BOS - PAR Find cheap flights from Boston to Paris from $207 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/27. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from Boston to Paris?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Boston to Paris that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:20 pm - 10:30 amBOS-CDG 10h 10m1 stop 11:30 am - 5:00 pmCDG-BOS 11h 30m1 stop $265PLAY Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Fri, Jan 26 6:20 pm - 10:30 amBOS-CDG 10h 10m1 stop 11:30 am - 5:00 pmCDG-BOS 11h 30m1 stop $277PLAY Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Fri, Jan 26 5:25 pm - 1:25 pmBOS-CDG 38h 00m2 stops 8:05 pm - 3:25 pmCDG-BOS 25h 20m1 stop $413Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Sun, Jan 28 5:25 pm - 1:40 pmBOS-CDG 14h 15m1 stop 2:05 pm - 3:25 pmCDG-BOS 31h 20m2 stops $417Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Wed, Jan 31 8:00 pm - 12:00 pmBOS-CDG 10h 00m1 stop 1:10 pm - 5:45 pmCDG-BOS 10h 35m1 stop $431Icelandair Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Wed, Jan 24 8:00 pm - 12:00 pmBOS-CDG 10h 00m1 stop 1:10 pm - 5:45 pmCDG-BOS 10h 35m1 stop $435Icelandair Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Fri, Jan 26 10:55 pm - 11:00 pmBOS-ORY 18h 05m1 stop 5:40 pm - 2:10 pmORY-BOS 26h 30m1 stop $474TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Thu, Jan 25 6:10 pm - 4:50 pmBOS-ORY 16h 40m1 stop 8:35 pm - 2:10 pmORY-BOS 23h 35m1 stop $485TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Mon, Jan 22 5:05 pm - 11:55 amBOS-ORY 12h 50m1 stop 10:15 am - 3:30 pmORY-BOS 11h 15m1 stop $545American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 6 - Wed, Dec 13 5:05 pm - 4:35 pmBOS-ORY 17h 30m1 stop 12:40 pm - 9:55 pmORY-BOS 15h 15m2 stops $620American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sat, Jan 27 Show more results Flights from Boston to Paris - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Boston to Paris to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Boston to Paris flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Boston to Paris. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Boston to Paris cost $420 and was between Boston and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $542. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Boston to Paris? The average price of all flights from Boston to Paris clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Boston to Paris, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Saturday is the most expensive. Flying from Paris back to Boston, the best deals are generally found on Saturday, with Monday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Boston to Paris? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Boston to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Boston to Paris is January, where tickets cost $432 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $966 and $960 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Boston to Paris? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Boston to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Boston to Paris, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 48 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Boston to Paris? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Boston to Paris were found on PLAY ($265) and Vueling ($375). Vueling proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $217. Which airlines fly non-stop between Boston and Paris? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Boston to Paris. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Boston to Paris. They are Air France and Delta. The cheapest airline for this route is Delta, with the best one-way deal found costing $614. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Delta. How many flights are there between Boston and Paris per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 2 nonstop flights that take off from Boston and land in Paris, with an average flight time of 6h 53m. The most common departure time is 8:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening, while the most flights land at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Each week, there are 13 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 15% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Boston and Paris? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Boston to Paris take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Paris from Boston is typically 10h 00m. The journey crosses a distance of 3,432 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Boston to Paris? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Boston at 5:25 pm and will be landing in Paris at 6:10 am. What’s the latest departure time from Boston to Paris? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Boston to Paris jets off at 8:30 pm and lands at 9:30 am. Good to know Low season January High season April Cheapest flight $207 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 37% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 5% increase in price. Flight from Boston to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from Boston to Paris Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Boston to Paris based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Boston to Paris Is there an airport hotel at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)? Yes. There are several hotels at CDG. YOTELAIR Paris Charles de Gaulle is an in-transit hotel offering day rooms as well as overnight stays. Ibis Paris Airport is a budget hotel opposite Terminal 3. CitizenM is another hotel just a five-minute walk from Terminal 3, and you can also take the free CDGVAL shuttle. Hilton Charles de Gaulle Airport and Novotel CDG Terminal are also five minutes away from Terminal 3, while Sheraton Paris Airport Hotel is just a short walk from Terminal 2. What are the transport options from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? CGD is well served by the bus system, with buses offering their services to downtown Paris, Disneyland Paris, and various hotels around CDG. The airport s also served by the train. The first is the CDGVAL automatic people mover, then there are the high-speed TGV lines, and finally the RER B regional rapid trains. Taxis are also available at the ranks outside the baggage claim areas of Terminals 1, 2, and 3. If you wish to self-drive, head to the rental car desks at Terminals 1 and 2 for your own wheels. What are accessible services offered at Boston Logan International Airport? BOS has provided accessible restrooms and family restrooms in all terminals. Elevators are available in all terminals and parking garages with emergency call buttons and braille. Service animals are allowed through the airport, with relief areas provided. All terminals have ramps that will allow barrier-free movement through the terminal. BOS is also working with Aira to allow the visually impaired safely cross through BOS. Closed captioning on video announcements and TDD telephones are also provided. Which family services are offered at Paris Orly Airport? Baby care facilities are provided in all terminals for mothers with infants. Sanitary changing tables and children’s toilets are also provided, and strollers are available for free at the Pushchair Stations at Terminals 1, 2, and 4, and Boarding Area 10. For the older kids, the airport has a play area in Terminal 4 with kids’ TV programs and games. For teenagers and the young at heart adults, there’s an 80s-themed video game arcade in Terminals 1, 2, 3, and 4. What are some good hotels near Paris Orly? The Hotel ibis Budget is a casual option that is less than a 10-minute walk from Paris Orly and a 15-minute drive from the Château de Sceaux. The Hotel Novotel is a chic 4-star accommodation that is an 11-minute walk from the airport and a 25-minute drive from central Paris. What dining options are there at Paris Charles de Gaulle? Paris Charles de Gaulle has a large selection of restaurant and to-go options for travelers to choose from. Caffe Ritazza is a casual coffee shop that sells sandwiches, salads, and pastries, while Exki is known for serving healthy takeaway meals. Frenchy’s is a simple restaurant that offers traditional French cuisine. Is there anywhere with beauty services at Boston Logan International Airport? Boston Logan International Airport currently has two beauty salons: Classique Salon and Be Relax. While Classique Salon is located in Terminal C and offers a diverse selection of nail and hair services, Be Relax is located in Terminals A, B, and C and offers facials, manicures, massages, and pedicures. Where can I purchase travel essentials at Boston Logan International Airport? If you forgot your headphones or would like to purchase a magazine or snack, there are several stores that you can visit in Boston Logan International Airport. NewsLink is a convenience store that is located in every terminal and sells books, travel pillows, and basic souvenirs, while Tech on the Go can be found in Terminal B and offers items such as phone chargers. Do I need a passport to fly between Boston and Paris? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Paris from Boston. Which airports will I be using when flying from Boston to Paris? Boston is served by only 1 airport and there are 3 airports in Paris. You will leave Boston from Boston Logan Intl and you will be arriving in Paris at one of these airports: Paris Beauvais-Tille, Paris Charles de Gaulle, or Paris Orly. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Boston to Paris? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Boston to Paris flight route: Delta, Virgin Atlantic, JetBlue, Air France, KLM, Brussels Airlines, Iberia, and Lufthansa. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Boston to Paris? The Airbus A330-200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Boston to Paris flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Boston to Paris? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Boston and Paris. On which days can I fly direct from Boston to Paris? There are nonstop flights from Boston to Paris on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Boston to Paris, JetBlue or Scandinavian Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Boston to Paris are JetBlue and Scandinavian Airlines. With an average price for the route of $1,006 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Scandinavian Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $498 and an overall rating of 7.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Boston to Paris? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Boston to Paris. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Boston to Paris? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris from Boston is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Boston to Paris? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris with an airline and back to Boston with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Boston to Paris? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris from Boston up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Boston to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $574 or less one-way and $698 or less round-trip. Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) consists of four terminals, Terminals A, B, C, and E. Walkways interconnect the terminals, but the airport also has a free shuttle service that loops the airport complex, connecting all airport terminals, the rental car center, and the airport station. BOS welcomes your furry friends into the airport. However, TSA regulations require them to remain in their kennels while in the airport unless using relief areas or walking through security. You’ll find the relief areas in BOS at Gates C20, E7, and B29. Around 1,551 kg of carbon is emitted per passenger on flights from Boston to Paris. If you wish to fly more sustainably, book a flight with Delta or Air France. These airlines emit 41% and 40% less carbon per passenger on these flights, respectively. For those in urgent need of cash or are looking to get some local currency, you will find ATMs (Crédit Agricole and Euronet) at Paris Beauvais Airport (BVA) in the public areas of Terminals 1 and 2, landside. Unwind after your long-haul flight to Paris at the premium lounges at Paris Orly Airport (ORY). You can access these lounges by paying at the door, and you’ll find the Icare Lounge at Terminal 4 and Premium Traveler Lounge at Terminal 1. Paris currently has three separate airports where flights from Boston to Paris can land: Paris Beauvais-Tille, Paris Orly, and Paris Charles de Gaulle. If you will be staying in the city center, it is most convenient to fly into Paris Orly or Paris Charles de Gaulle. If you will be staying on the outskirts of the city or in the suburbs, Paris Beauvais-Tille is the easiest choice. An easy way to make your travels as quick as possible is to book a direct flight from Boston to Paris. Norwegian Airlines is known for offering particularly budget-friendly tickets, while Delta Airlines has comfortable seats with above-average legroom. Air France generally lets passengers check bags for free and offers complimentary meals. If you would like to unwind after your have landed in Paris, head to one of the arcade gaming areas in Paris Charles de Gaulle. These arcade areas contain a variety of 80s-themed games and are conveniently located next to most of the main gates. For those who enjoy arriving at the airport early and need somewhere to relax, purchase an entry ticket for the Club lounge that is located at Boston Logan International Airport. This lounge provides travelers with unlimited snacks and drinks as well as access to televisions, magazines, and high-speed WiFi. To charge your phone or portable device after you have landed at Paris Orly, keep your eyes open for the ChargeBox stations located throughout the terminals. These secure boxes are free to use, charge most cellphones within 30 to 90 minutes, and provide users with a key. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Boston Logan Intl to Paris? Find which airlines fly direct from Logan Intl to Paris, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Boston Logan Intl to Paris Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Thursday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Friday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Saturday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Sunday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Paris to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Thursday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Friday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Saturday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Sunday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Boston to Paris See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Boston to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Boston to Paris? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19619 reviews 79entertainment 78food 83boarding 86crew 82comfort 82overall Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was excellent. Boarding was great." Cons: "I had significant delays on both the flight to Logan & the flight back to Charlotte."Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Crew was excellent. Boarding was great." Cons: "I had significant delays on both the flight to Logan & the flight back to Charlotte." Cons: "The headphone jack.was worn out, so the audio was sporadic." Pros: "Crew was nice and accommodating. Plenty of leg room in regular cabin. Good entertainment options.?" Pros: "so easy. thank you for having Starbucks in the DCA and BOS terminals. got text msgs about delays and all smooth!" Pros: "This older airplane has lots of room. And has free TV and movies on domestic flights on all seats." Cons: "However an older plane does not have touch screens and movie choice is limited." Pros: "Boarding was great and on-time. Flight took a bit longer due to the weather." Cons: "Couldn't understand any of the in-flight announcements. My in-flight entertainment didn't work right." Pros: "I've been flying budget airlines for so long that I was almost shocked to fly an airline that actually cares about its passengers! I kid you not, when they offered coffee to all passengers, I was so sure they would charge us I turned it down. Then, I noticed no one else was paying for it. The next time free snacks and drinks came around, I made sure to grab some! I also appreciated the few extra inches of leg room in every row. Being 6'3", not many planes are designed with your comfort in mind. I fit fairly comfortably in a non-emergency row seat. Last time I flew to Baltimore for work, I had a terrible experience with a different airline. It was $200 less expensive than most airlines, but I ended up paying more in baggage fees and seats. It was only a 1 hour flight and My boss said, "Cheap things usually cost you more, in money, time, and emotion" and nothing has been truer. I always assumed that flights were always unpleasant experiences. Now, I know better." Cons: "The seats, while having more than average leg room, still weren't very comfortable. Not that I'm expecting a luxury experience while flying economy, but I felt as though the headrest was farther back than average. I can usually fall asleep on a plane and wake up without neck pain, but I really struggled to even figure out a relaxing position this time around. I also did not know that JetBlue did not serve meals on cross-country flights. Or, on any flights for that matter. Had I known, I probably would've picked up a breakfast sandwich before boarding." Pros: "There was a weather delay and we were kept informed. Communications from the pilots were able to be understood. Best ever in that regard." Pros: "The crew members were great- really friendly and accommodating." Cons: "Turbulence. But like... nobody can make that stop so basically it was perfect" Cons: "Had to pick up gate-checked bag at carousel. But it arrived quickly." Pros: "I enjoying having an aisle seat plus two empty seats next to me. I appreciated that you are conserving plastic cups. Keep up the conservation!" Cons: "All of our luggage was lost and did not arrive in Prague" Cons: "Tv screen didn’t work very well. ( picture was fine but the function buttons were terrible)." Pros: "Smooth quiet flight." Cons: "Mac and cheese isn’t what I was expecting for vegetarian." Pros: "I have never been treated so poorly by counter people in my life!" Cons: "After 2 hour delay, the flight was cancelled. NO ONE helped to find another flight. After waiting in line for 2 hours, the ticket agent handed me a card and said I had to call the 800 number. The person on the phone said I had to talk to ticket agent to go standby on a flight to Munich and the ticket agent told me I had to call. I was caught in a loop and no one helped. Then when it became apparent I wasn't getting out that night I was informed that there were no hotel vouchers and I would have to find my own hotel! After searching for an hour for a hotel (all were sold out in Boston) I called a friend who lives outside of Boston. No one gave me a taxi voucher because it was not to a hotel. LUFTHANSA customer service is the WORST!!!!!!!!" Pros: "Cuteous service" Cons: "Seats were to close together, nomlegroom, impossible when set in front reclined. Breakfast food meager." Cons: "Passport control in Frankfurt was slow, very long linen under staffed" Pros: "The staff was friendly and professional" Cons: "The seats were too cramped, no chance to sleep on an overnight flight. In fact my back was quite sore from being cramped in the seat with no leg room and no under seat room for a small backpack. I’m only 5’2”" Pros: "The cabin crew was very friendly and professional. The food was good too. The flight was right on time." Cons: "Our flight was 9 hours late. We were given no notice of this until we arrived at the gate. it took an hour if holding before we could reach customer service. Customer service at our arrival gate was extremely slow. Baggage claim closed before my daughter’s luggage was released and it was lost until the next day. Our connecting flight was booked incorrectly do we had to spend the night in Frankfurt. Our 13 hour flight took 29 hours. The food was awful." It didn't happen. SAS csncrlled and it was very difficult to convince the 3rd party they did. Not good on the 3rd party program. I don't think they trust their customers, much less being able to help them. I have had several nitemaes using 3rd party this trip and WILL NEVER use 3rd party again. I child in Buisness cried almost the entire flight. And I had a conference to attend but couldn’t sleep because of that, which was the main reason for getting a Buisness ticket. Also the food is not as good as before. The sheets underneath is also not there anymore. The staff was nice. Pros: "First time on SAS in many years. Service was lower than average. Will fly with other carriers on my next Euro trip." Cons: "Flight left Boston 1.5 hours late. I barely made my connecting flight but my checked bag did not. SAS outsources to GBS to handle missing bags. They promised 24 hours to deiiver to my hotel, but took 3 days. No one answers their phone. Terrible experience." Pros: "food good" Cons: "techical problems announced AFTER plane was fully boarded, took 1-1/2 hours with no refreshments offered except the water bottles at seat. However, captain did make periodic announcements as to progress of repairs." Pros: "Great food, excellent crew, pillow, blanket, water bottle... what more could i ask for?" Cons: "Mildly annoying advertisements for the in- flight shopping during the movies and overhead" Pros: "SAS generally has better planes and more space than most airlines especially in economy class. Seats were comfortable, not too tight. Food was good. Most SAS planes are really nice and new. On this flight they had a problem and had to use one of their older planes. It was still pretty nice, but the entertainment system on the older plane was a little dated." Cons: "Used backup plane. It had an older entertainment system." Pros: "Excellent leg room in first seat near emergency exit door" Cons: "Seat was close to toilets so a lot of traffic" Pros: "We mentioned it was our anniversary and thought about moving up to SAS Plus, but the cost was not an option to us. She moved us up before we got on the plane! Extremely nice!!" Pros: "Legroom was sufficient on this leg because I paid an extra $80 for an exit row." Cons: "Having to pay extra for normal legroom" Cons: "Poor customer service. No notification via text or email that there was a 5 hour delay, and no immediate rerouting for connecting flights. a 15 hour trip turned into 24+. Worst SAS experience ever." Pros: "I loved the different features on the screen and the excellent. Customer service on this flights" Cons: "The space on the seat." Cons: "I not get to go my flight, I couldn't get reimbursement" Pros: "Spacious business class seats, excellent meals" Cons: "Lack of ventilation in cabin, and staff refusal to turn heaters down (in September), very limited entertainment options." Pros: "The Delta flight service was much better than the Air France flight I took on the previous leg." Pros: "It was very comfortable and pleasant." Cons: "Could be a little better the service, the dinner was late" Pros: "Boarding procedures and crew were top. Wines and beverages excellent and even in super economy water was served several times" Cons: "The food could have been much better, should consider doing everything organic. As it was, the chicken in the meal was awful, the dessert terrible. The rice in the salad hard, almost uncooked. The only good quality food was the bread and the cheese" Pros: "The schedule and timing" Cons: "The airport, some of the crew, the aircraft seats, the entertainment system" Cons: "Plane is old and entertainment facilities are no longer appropriate" Pros: "Great seat. Comfortable. Quick boarding." Cons: "Asked flight attendant to wake me for breakfast....forgot. Long wait for bathroom," Pros: "Air France has the best crews! They really go the extra mile." Cons: "My skis were lost on the way to Riga and had to be delivered 2 days later to Vilnius. That said, the situation was handled very professionally." Cons: "Cabin crew makes way too much noise on an overnight flight. On these flights, the focus should be on letting passengers rest, and limiting announcements, even if that seems to take away from the perceived level of service." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Missed my connection because lingus sucks. Crew were miserable and was afraid to even approach them for water." Pros: "My mother uses a wheelchair and the service for her was outstanding" Pros: "On Board Gate Connection info. A great convenience. Also, NO SECURITY check! for connecting flights. Why not at other airport-hubs?" Cons: "Most of the flight 'COLD WIND DDRAFT'. Had to use 2 blankets. Staff said it will warm up as we cruise higher! Where does that logic come from? Outside temperature plummets as one goes higher!" Pros: "Timely departure." Cons: "Staff did not seem engaged in customer service, did not go up and down the aisles to collect cups, paper, etc. very disappointing in tight space." Pros: "We arrived safely." Cons: "They announced that it was different aircraft, different airline operating the flight. It was an hour late. Then they lost our luggage." Cons: "It was very hard to hear the boarding announcements at the gate" Pros: "Timeliness of flight and service on board." Cons: "We upgraded 7 travelers for priority boarding. However as we got through check in, 2 of us were told we had to check our carry on. Mind you our carry on was the same size (exact same suitcase) as 2 others in our party who did not have to check in their bags? "Priority Boarding is now only €4.99. Be the first on board to store your cabin bag and relax in your seat before take-off." I believe I am entitled to a refund based on the info on above taken directly from the Aer Lingus website." Pros: "Was exceptionally impressed that the cabin crew made a cabin-wide announcement concerning a passenger with a peanut allergy. Other airlines could learn a lot in this department. Keep up the good work!" Pros: "Flight crew was great! Food was better than most airlines I’ve flown. Seats were comfortable." Cons: "Having to pay for a glass of wine with dinner... every other airline I fly gives free alcoholic beverages" JetBlue8.1 Lufthansa7.8 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Air France7.4 Aer Lingus7.4 Book cheap flights from Boston to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Boston to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/27Sat 1 stop 18h 18mBOS-CDG $207 Search 1/27Sat 1 stopVueling 29h 30mBOS-ORY $217 Search 4/25Thu 1 stop 12h 00mBOS-CDG $223 Search 2/22Thu 1 stop 14h 45mBOS-CDG $224 Search 1/15Mon 1 stopPLAY 10h 10mBOS-CDG $227 Search 1/15Mon 1 stopPLAY 10h 10mBOS-CDG $228 Search 4/14Sun 1 stopIcelandair 18h 30mBOS-CDG $400 Search 3/26Tue 1 stopAer Lingus 12h 50mBOS-CDG $424 Search 4/30Tue 1 stopIcelandair 13h 05mBOS-CDG $432 Search 1/10Wed nonstopAir France 6h 45mBOS-CDG $584 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineVuelingPLAYIcelandairAer LingusAir France Search by price$220 or less$220 or less$230 or less$420 or less$580 or less Last minute flights from Boston to Paris Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Boston to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopIcelandair 26h 50mBOS-CDG 12/9Sat multi-stopIcelandair 10h 45mCDG-BOS $422 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopIcelandair 18h 25mBOS-CDG 12/9Sat multi-stopIcelandair 27h 35mCDG-BOS $427 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopPLAY 10h 10mBOS-CDG 12/7Thu multi-stopPLAY 11h 30mCDG-BOS $430 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 11h 00mBOS-CDG 12/7Thu multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 25h 20mCDG-BOS $432 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopPLAY 10h 10mBOS-CDG 12/5Tue multi-stopPLAY 11h 30mCDG-BOS $433 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 7h 00mBOS-CDG 12/7Thu nonstopDelta 8h 15mCDG-BOS $586 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAir France 6h 45mBOS-CDG 1/31Wed nonstopAir France 8h 00mCDG-BOS $993 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAir France 6h 45mBOS-CDG 1/31Wed multi-stopAir France 12h 25mCDG-BOS $995 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 38h 00mBOS-CDG 1/6Sat multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 34h 15mCDG-BOS $1,053 Search 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 6h 45mBOS-CDG 1/6Sat nonstopDelta 8h 15mCDG-BOS $1,581 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineIcelandairPLAYScandinavian AirlinesDeltaAir France Search by price$430 or less$430 or less$590 or less$1,000 or less$1,580 or less Boston - Paris Flights Departure: Boston (BOS)United States Return flight deals: Paris - Boston Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris $2,904 Business Class flights to Paris $1,747 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris $542 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $269Flights from Boston to Paris Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris $368Flights to Paris Beauvais-Tille Airport, Paris $268Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris $339Flights to Paris Orly Airport, Paris Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Fort Myers Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Paris flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris from Boston. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Paris from Boston. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.