Cheap Flights from New York JFK to Paris from $145 | (JFK - PAR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JFK - PAR Find cheap flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris from $145 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/11. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from John F Kennedy Intl to Paris?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Paris that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:00 pm - 2:40 pmJFK-ORY 10h 40m1 stop 11:00 am - 8:05 pmORY-JFK 15h 05m1 stop $356TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Thu, Feb 29 - Wed, Mar 6 10:00 pm - 11:00 pmJFK-ORY 19h 00m1 stop 3:20 pm - 8:05 pmORY-JFK 34h 45m1 stop $363TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Wed, Feb 28 - Sun, Mar 3 12:30 am - 2:05 pmJFK-CDG 7h 35mnonstop 8:00 pm - 10:15 pmCDG-JFK 8h 15mnonstop $388Norse Atlantic Airways Find Deal Sun, Apr 14 - Thu, Apr 18 8:25 pm - 3:55 pmJFK-CDG 13h 30m1 stop 2:05 pm - 7:10 pmCDG-JFK 11h 05m1 stop $401Icelandair Find Deal Wed, Apr 24 - Tue, Apr 30 8:25 pm - 3:55 pmJFK-CDG 13h 30m1 stop 5:00 pm - 10:00 pmCDG-JFK 11h 00m1 stop $403Icelandair Find Deal Sun, Apr 14 - Thu, Apr 18 11:55 pm - 1:30 pmJFK-CDG 7h 35mnonstop 7:45 pm - 10:00 pmCDG-JFK 8h 15mnonstop $411Norse Atlantic Airways Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Sun, Jan 14 6:30 pm - 7:45 amJFK-CDG 7h 15mnonstop 2:30 pm - 5:20 pmCDG-JFK 8h 50mnonstop $536Delta Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Fri, Jan 26 9:30 pm - 10:45 amJFK-CDG 7h 15mnonstop 10:30 am - 12:55 pmCDG-JFK 8h 25mnonstop $537Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Mon, Jan 15 6:50 pm - 10:45 amJFK-CDG 9h 55m1 stop 11:25 am - 3:10 pmCDG-JFK 8h 45mnonstop $539British Airways Find Deal Thu, Feb 29 - Tue, Mar 12 9:30 pm - 1:25 pmJFK-CDG 9h 55m1 stop 9:45 pm - 12:30 pmCDG-JFK 20h 45m1 stop $550British Airways Find Deal Tue, May 7 - Mon, May 20 Show more results Flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Paris - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Paris to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Paris flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Paris. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Paris cost $145 and was between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $433. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Paris? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Paris is January, where tickets cost $554 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $881 and $852 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Paris? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Paris, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 42 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Norse Atlantic Airways offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $145. KAYAK users also found New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris round-trip flights on TAP AIR PORTUGAL from $356 and on Norse Atlantic Airways from $388. Which airlines fly most frequently between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Paris? Air France connects New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris with up to 11 flights per day. American Airlines also offers 2 flights per day, while Delta follows with 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Paris? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Paris. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Paris. They are: Air France, American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue and Norse Atlantic Airways. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Norse Atlantic Airways at $352 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Norse Atlantic Airways. How many flights are there between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Paris per day? Each day, there are between 15 and 19 nonstop flights that take off from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and land in Paris, with an average flight time of 7h 17m. The most common departure time is 5:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon, while the most flights land at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Each week, there are 119 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Paris? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris take? Direct flights cover the 3,618 miles separating New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris in about 7h 35m. What’s the earliest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport at 12:30 am and will be landing in Paris at 1:40 pm. What’s the latest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Paris jets off at 11:55 pm and lands at 1:30 pm. Good to know Low season February High season September Cheapest flight $145 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 12% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 16% lower on average. Flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Paris Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from John F Kennedy Intl to Paris based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris flights Which airlines fly directly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, and Iberia are a few of the airlines you should think about booking with if you wish to go nonstop from JFK to Paris. The departure and arrival airports for each of these nonstop flights are New York's John F. Kennedy Airport and CDG, respectively. What are the transport options when getting out of Charles de Gaulle Airport to the city center? From CDG to the city center, Paris Bus lines 350 and 351 provide dependable transportation at a reasonable price. In the entire city, these buses stop every few hundred yards. Taxis or rental cars, however, are good options if you want to travel to Paris city center from CDG as quickly as possible. Which nearby cities can I get to from Charles de Gaulle Airport? In addition to Paris, Marne-la-Vallee, Chantilly, and Versailles are among the nearby cities served by Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. You may easily get to these cities from CDG by renting a car. For instance, driving your rental car yourself from CDG to Marne-la-Vallee takes roughly 35min. Do you require a visa to fly from New York to Paris? If they are visiting for business or tourism purposes, US residents arriving in Paris from JFK do not require to a visa. However, this condition applies as long as they won't be staying in Paris for more than 90 days. How can I catch up with the earliest flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? If you wish to get the earliest flight to Paris, think of spending the night at TWA Hotel located inside JFK. Other nearby hotels with free airport shuttles, including Hilton New York JFK Airport, are also suitable places where you can spend the night to access the airport conveniently in the morning. Is it convenient to land at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport late in the night? You shouldn't be worried if your plane from JFK lands at CDG late at night. This is because you have the option of staying the night at the airport's YotelAir Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport facility. Is there a lounge at JFK International Airport where I can wait between flights? Yes, JFK International Airport provides many passenger lounges, some of which are accessible by paying a one-time access fee. Does JFK International Airport have services available for passengers with special needs and limited mobility? Yes. JFK International Airport provides accommodations for those in need of wheelchair assistance and other special needs. When making your reservation, make sure to mention if you require a wheelchair or any other assistance. If a family member or caregiver wants to accompany you to the gate, they may do so with a non-flying boarding pass. Amenities like phones, restrooms, and water fountains are all wheelchair accessible. I want to stay in a hotel close to Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG). Are there hotels on-site? The Paris Charles de Gaulle Hotel is within walking distance from Terminal 3. If you have a stop at CDG, this is a convenient place to relax and get some sleep before your next flight. There are also many hotels located less than a mile from Charles de Gaulle Airport, including Sheraton Paris Roissy, Novotel Paris, and the Pullman Paris Roissy, which is located right across the street from the airport. Are there sit-down restaurants at Orly Airport (ORY)? Paris Orly Airport has many places for travelers to choose from, including patisseries, coffee shops, bars, and restaurants. Most of the restaurants are located outside of security checkpoints, allowing travelers to have a meal with friends or relatives who are dropping them off for their flight. Do I need a passport to fly between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Paris? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Paris from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Which airports will I be using when flying from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? New York John F Kennedy Airport is served by only 1 airport and there are 3 airports in Paris. You will leave New York John F Kennedy Airport from New York John F Kennedy Intl and you will be arriving in Paris at one of these airports: Paris Beauvais-Tille, Paris Charles de Gaulle, or Paris Orly. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris flight route: JetBlue, Delta, American Airlines, ITA Airways, Cape Air, Air France, Alaska Airlines, and Aeromexico. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? The Boeing 777-200/200ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Paris, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? There are nonstop flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to Paris, Delta or Norse Atlantic Airways? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to Paris are Delta and Norse Atlantic Airways. With an average price for the route of $851 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Norse Atlantic Airways is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $623 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris from New York John F Kennedy Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris with an airline and back to New York John F Kennedy Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Paris? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris from New York John F Kennedy Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from New York to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $242 or less one-way and $605 or less round-trip. Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) and Paris Orly Airport (ORY) are two of the main airports where flights from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport land. Because CDG is more centrally located, landing, you can easily access many areas of the city. However, arriving at ORY has the benefit of having shorter lines at the baggage claim facilities and security checkpoints. You can utilize MTA Bus Lines Q3, Q6, Q7, and Q10 to get from Downtown New York to John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK). It takes around 20 minutes to take these nonstop bus connections from Downtown New York to the airport. However, if you have a tight schedule and need to get to JFK quickly, you can take a cab, which will get you there in just 10 minutes from Downtown New York. Booking American Airlines gives you the chance to take use of fascinating amenities at its lounge, located in Terminal 8, Concourse C. This is because JFK serves as a hub for the airline. Additionally, American Airlines provides the most daily departures from JFK to Paris. As a result, you may be sure to find a flight that works with your schedule. Orly Airport (ORY) provides bus service to travelers from various companies, including Orlybus and Le Bus Direct. The city center is easily reached by train and metro. A taxi ride to the city center takes an average of 30min from Orly International Airport. John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) is within 30min from New York City by car. Each terminal has Daily and Long-Term parking available. If you are using public transport to get from Downtown New York to JFK International Airport, the Air Train conveniently connects to all of JFK's terminals. To reach the Air Train, travelers can take either the A Train or the E, J, or Z subway. Keep in mind that the Air Train does not accept metro cards. When booking a flight out of JFK International Airport, there is an abundance of options when choosing an airline. Some airlines like Finnair, Air France, and Delta Air Lines, offer non-stop flights to Paris. JFK International Airport services flights to two airports near Paris, Charles de Gaulle (CDG) and Orly (ORY). CDG is located 14 miles from Paris'city center. ORY is located 8 miles from the city. Both provide a variety of public transport options into the city. Charles de Gaulle Airport is the largest airport in France and provides services like ATMs, currency exchange, pharmacies, and even a photo booth. Traveling with kids? Charles de Gaulle Airport provides travelers with baby care rooms. There are several bus lines and train lines that connect to Paris from CDG. You can also take a taxi, and car rentals are available at the terminals. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York John F Kennedy Intl to Paris? Find which airlines fly direct from John F Kennedy Intl to Paris, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York John F Kennedy Intl to Paris Search Flights Monday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Air France, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Air France, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Friday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Air France, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Paris to New York John F Kennedy Intl Search Flights Monday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Air France, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Friday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Air France, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Air France, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from John F Kennedy Intl to Paris See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from John F Kennedy Intl to Paris? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 78comfort 77entertainment 82overall 86crew 79food 82boarding Airline reviews Pros: "I did not receive a single email from kayak letting me know I could check in or select seats. No updates on flight status! Poor service!" Cons: "Email updates before flight! Not a single email sent!!"Read more about SWISS Pros: "I did not receive a single email from kayak letting me know I could check in or select seats. No updates on flight status! Poor service!" Cons: "Email updates before flight! Not a single email sent!!" Pros: "Friendly and caring attendants. Smooth flight. Good condition of the aircraft." Pros: "The best thing is that they’re always on time" Cons: "The seats are way too cramped" Pros: "Booked a flight to Europe. Online check in easy. Luggage dropoff at JFK had no line for online check in. Flight was on time, my luggage arrived in my final destination fine (had 1 transfer). Crew was efficient and attentive." Cons: "Spaces for seats in the economy class are shrinking. With Swiss Air, seems more so as the seats recline quite a bit which is of course good for an 8-9 hours flight. However if the passenger in front of you reclines their seats, you absolutely are forced to recline yours immediately, otherwise no one will fit. Flight attendants have to ask passengers to put the seats back from reclining during meal service so people can open the food tray and are able to access it, that is how much the seats tilt." Pros: "Everyone was very friendly and helpful. They were all multi-lingual and ready to help foreign travelers. The food was good. The plain wasn’t overstuffed with people - actually there were enough open seats that everyone could have a little extra space. Will always check Swiss Air first for international travel." Pros: "It was nice because plane was half empty so had quicker attention from stewards - everything was good." Pros: "It reminds me of school dinners" Cons: "Bland, over cooked No thought into the presentation or flavour" Cons: "I bought economy class ticket! (I have a printout ticket as proof!) When I went to the airport i had a VERY UNPLEASANT surprise. I had a 23kg bag. Bording stuart said that my ticket is ECO LIGHT class and I don't have the right to any baggage. Worst thing of all was that the reason of my trip to Paris was my sister's graduation and half of the baggage was my formal wear and other half were presents for my sister! Your lack of transparency ruined one in lifetime special event- MY SISTER'S GRADUATION. I am very glad that you asked me for my opinion because I am using my free time to demand full refund, even tough the damage is much bigger than the cost of the ticket and it's irreplaceable." Pros: "Swiss has the most cheerful crews I've seen, and their enthusiasm is infectious which makes it easier to tolerate being cramped in a plane for hours. Also, I love that they give you a Swiss chocolate at the en of the flight." Cons: "While I was on line to board, a flight assistant came to me and asked me if I was flying by myself. When I said yes. they upgraded me to business class. I boarded the plane and took my seat. Shortly before taking off, another flight attendant came to me, told me they made a mistake, and sent me back to my original economy seat (while I was holding my new business boarding pass that they gave me). When I told them they should remedy somehow their mistake, they said they did not have any other extra seat in business and that there was nothing they could do. They did not apologize. They were quite unprofessional and rude. I fly often and I have never experienced something so unprofessional and rude. Alitalia is far better than Swissair in terms of professionalism and of politeness. I will always discourage anyone from flying Swissair. Worst company ever." Cons: "Tightly packed seats made for discomfort. My knees were touching the seat in front of me." Cons: "A Boeing 757 should not be used for a 6+ hour flight" Cons: "I checked two bags and paid for them. The flight was full. I dutifully got in line for zone two. Next thing you know, at least 25 people got to board early and have free bag check. Really? I should get $35 dollar refund." Cons: "The flight from. JFK to Barcelona was delayed as well. Their computers were down in Atlanta. So everyone had to have their name hand typed into a computer when boarding. Then the pilot said that our bags are usually weighed and computerized for even distribution on the plane. That system was also down, so we sat on the runway waiting for that problem to be fixed. When we arrived at Barcelona, I unpacked and discovered a jacket and pants in my luggage were wet. The only place that could have happened was at JfK during their rain storm and the luggage weight issue." Pros: "The food was good The crew was fantastic, friendly and accommodating Flight was on time" Cons: "I was near the bathroom.. stank a bit" Pros: "Crew was ok" Cons: "Plane boarded late, took off late, arrived late. Boarding was confusing and slow." Pros: "Food was amazing tasted and seasoned well. Not bland, really good salad and chicken." Cons: "Delay. (liked kayak delay updates tho!) crew not very attending and it looked like they didnt care. In order to keep folks busy because of the delay. They gave out immigration and customs papers out, but refused to give pen. I literally didn't had one and answer from the crew was like that. " Excuse me do you have a pen by any chance?" . "NO! I dont! asked them" pointing out to other crew members, -this is the best part- the female stewardess had clearly visibly a pen in her front shirt pocket! Sitting around and trying to kill time and no pen still. While busy with food and other stuff, i fell asleep. Then after a while when going to the restroom i asked the male steward if he would have a pen please, he pointed out they dont have any pens. ( please note he marked on his check board, who is getting which meal on the first class)" Cons: "Some of the flight attendants were rude and not very welcoming at all." Pros: "Easy boarding, great service from the flight crew, and excellent food and drink service. Seats were comfortable and plenty of entertainment options for a long flight" Cons: "After fully boarding the plane, we all had to leave because the air conditioning failed. We've traveled five times on Delta this year and every trip has had a significant delay." I am Star Alliance Gold which meant nothing at security as my partner, who was on the same ticket, couldn’t come through with me which meant I had to wait for 20 minutes for him to join me. For a hub airport the lounge was small and uninspiring. We told staff of our security experience and they informed us it was like this for everyone. Isn’t this is an Austrian Airlines hub? Boarding was a nightmare as there was only one person at the gate and again, I had to go through without my partner. The boarding was supposed to be in groups but a bunch of travellers with lower groups were crowding the entry level. After I managed to get through I found myself on a bus waiting with 3 others for 15 minutes as the checkin had failed. Then only to find everyone else coming onto the same bus. My partner and friends actually beat me onboard. The crew were young and unable to control the crowd allowing people to stand in the rain instead of getting people to their seats promptly. During flight we were only offered a cup of water & a chocolate. Not impressed with Austrian Airlines or their Vienna hub airport and plan not to use them again if I can help it! Original Flight was cancelled Then Baggage was lost on rebooked flight Pros: "I liked almost everything. And according to me, it does not make a difference if we rate things good or excellent at a certain point in time. As long as it is good, it can be excellent. I mean including crew. People have good days and bad days. I am sure the crew can say the same about passengers." Cons: "What could have been better is: - the email that the airline generates and senda to people a couple of days prior to flight directs you to a site where you are supposed to fill in the blanks. About Covid. The thing is that you cannot submit it unless you as a passenger fill out an Austrian address. The electronic form does not have the option to rule out staying in Austria and indicating that you are transiting in Vienna. I had to fill that form out (at the Address in Austria section) with sentences like “not applicable” “transitting” and also had to google the Vienna Airport address for the zip code so it could be submitted. The form forced me to fool the it. Not cool. Frustrating." Cons: "Buses to and from the plane. One driver left us in a full bus waiting for 20 minutes. When we arrived in Vienna, there was no bus to pick us up. We had to wait in the plane until one showed up." Pros: "Clean and new planes. On time." Cons: "On the transatlantic flight the crew was unattractive and somewhat rude. They skipped our entire row serving morning refreshments and then complained and tried to shame us all for calling them back. Food quality was on par with Alegent Airlines. We even got charged for one piece of checked luggage 46lb on a international flight. That was a first!!!" Pros: "Fast flight , friendly staff , ok food" Cons: "I couldn’t push my seat back and because of that I was awake the whole flight (night flight)" Pros: "I liked that the airplane was newer and comfortable. The crew and food was ok." Cons: "There was no entertainment unless you paid for it. We already pay enough for our tickets to fly and entertainment should be included and not another added expense, especially for families that already pay so much for their flights!" Pros: "The staff was very friendly and professional Even got some sleep, not easy on economy seats but on this flight they were actually good." Cons: "The other travelers were loud rude and didn't listen to instructions. Also clapping loudly upon landing and it's very annoying. Parents don't take responsibility for their children." Pros: "Liked all except the food" Cons: "Did not like the food. I specifically selected vegeterian meal however was served vegan meal which I did not enjoy" Pros: "Very good drink service (one cold and one hot drink)" Pros: "Very friendly, helpful and communicative crew." Cons: "Only complaint: the touch screen on the seat back was oddly unresponsive and this made it a bit difficult to interface with the various in-flight entertainment options; the streaming music in particular." Pros: "Great crew. I love Lufthansa. I just wish there was more room for my legs." Cons: "More leg room!" Pros: "They give you food in this airlines. Crew was nice always serving drinks." Pros: "crew wasn't friendly, seats are very narrow and uncomfortable" Cons: "FOOD WAS DISGUSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Pros: "One of the best flights (airline) I have ever flown. GREAT crew that were kind, pleasant and helpful. ZERO attitude. I def will fly with them again in the future." Cons: "The Soviet Union wants its airline back. This was perhaps the RUDEST airline experience I've ever experienced. I was at Frankfurt (FRA) airport waiting to board Air Moldova Flight 864 to Chisinau (KIV). Due to a delay caused by Frankfurt security (and no fault of my own), I was delayed in reaching the gate. Since it was past my boarding time, I grabbed my bags from the conveyor belt once past security without having time to repack. I arrived at the gate and the extremely rude Air Moldova gate agent on duty yelled at me and demanded that I give her my boarding pass. When I told her I needed to pack, she yelled that there was “no time for that”. When I searched for my pass, she again yelled and said “NOW!”. When I told her that it was not my fault that I arrived late since there was a delay at security, she said “Not my problem!”. After she checked my boarding pass, I tried to repack and she again yelled “There is no time. Go to the bus NOW!” I once again told her that it was not my fault I got delayed and she again yelled “NOT MY PROBLEM”. In addition to rude employees, the airline is clearly in violation of safety regulations. The safety card in the back seat pocket was written in ARMENIAN – and Armenian only, thanks to the plane having been leased and Air Moldova not appropriately changing the safety cards. How did they expect people who read Romanian or Russian (the local languages) or English to understand it! On top of that, the plane was easily 20 years old or more and dirty. If they can't even keep a plane clean or have the appropriate safety cards, what else are they not maintaining. Do not fly this terrible airline!" Pros: "The flight was smooth and the flight attendants were very polite and helpful. It was a great experience" Cons: "The bathroom was a bit smelly" Cons: "Our flight was 9 hours late. We were given no notice of this until we arrived at the gate. it took an hour if holding before we could reach customer service. Customer service at our arrival gate was extremely slow. Baggage claim closed before my daughter’s luggage was released and it was lost until the next day. Our connecting flight was booked incorrectly do we had to spend the night in Frankfurt. Our 13 hour flight took 29 hours. The food was awful." Pros: "Crew was pleasant." Cons: "Premium economy upgrade not worth the price! Wheelchair service ordered but NOT provided In Frankfort!" Pros: "It could be better, the flight attendance one of them was overwhelmed and I could feel her attitude, although she made an accidental movement on my foot she never apologized. And her eye contact was very aggressive as if she would use words. I tried to save the moment, and avoided all further interactions. Not even to look at her, or accept even a single glass of water. She did past through my area and again she was stocked with her cart, and she thought is was my foot again. When she realized that this time was not my foot, (which in the first time it was and she kicked my knee with the speed of her movement and I was not aware to save the moment) nevertheless, the second time and for the rest of my trip I was so careful that it did not happen again. But it happened one more time, but not with my foot. although she thought it was me. She looked at me again with a very bitter-eye but when she realized that the problem was not me she looked at another way acting as if she didnot understand what was going through her mind or my mind." Cons: "The attidute is what I try not to get involved. I am on the air, traveling, and I don't like to experience any negative feelings from no one. I am consciously aware not to give any reasons for any form of unacceptable behaviors either with or without evidence. I WILL NOT EVER AGAIN, travel with LUFTHANSA just because of the way they treated me in my case which I travel always with my emotional pet, and this time they gave me a hardship and I had to travel without Logan. and additionally to this, I had to accept that flight attendance wordless aggressive behavior. Which in my opinion, I believe she could say I am sorry, and not looking at me as her worse enemy. Madness. She honestly needs a psychological evaluation." Nice travel , but would have been better if luggage was included in the price and not an extra charge.. Norse Atlantic is the worst airline I’ve ever traveled with, and i travel a lot. First, they made me check my carry on duffle (never had a problem before) because my backpack they said “isn’t a personal item”. It fits under the seat so yes it is a personal item. $125€ for the duffle and $125€ for my wife’s checked bag, $250€ for two bags, RIPOFF! Once on the flight we got delayed 45mins because the attendants/airline were giving a handicap gentleman a hard time about his scooter which they had already given him permission to bring on board. He also stated he’s never had this problem, & after a lengthy discussion they finally realized they were wrong since it wasn’t ion battery operated and he had all the paperwork. Eventually they allowed him to stow it above his seat which they watched his wife struggle with for over a minute before they helped her. Also, Make sure you purchase food in advance! This airline is EVERYTHING for purchase, from WATER to SNACKS to BLANKETS. Yes, WATER. International flight and not a single thing free. People were literally lining up to the bathroom with empty water bottles to fill up in the sink. The Aircraft was criminally FREEZING as if they intentionally jacked up the air so people would buy $7€ blankets. People were changing into layers in the bathroom & bringing down their carry-ons so they could find layers in their suitcases. Those that didn’t have layers in their bag or had to check their bags had to endure an 8.5hr torture session from Rome to JFK. Add all that to the ridiculous timing of turning on the lights (red eye) so they could come down the aisle with duty “free” options for purchase. A hot topic between passengers while waiting to deboard/get through customs. I wouldn’t fly Norse Atlantic Airways again if they paid me. I payed for luggage but there was additional luggage charge this wasn’t clear when i purchased. The crew from Norse was absolutely great! Friendly, respectful and professional! They helped me resolve my baggage issue in Fiumicino, which was a long process and one of the counter girls was her first day at work 😌 they were all great. And later, when they found my 87 year old mom who got completely lost at Fiumicino in a different terminal, all by herself.. they were patient and kind and treated everyone with respect and care. Grazie Norse!! Crew was excellent, very friendly and professional. Seating was very tight…I’m not a tall person and my knees were touching the seat in front of me. A little bit more legroom would be great. Chaotic check in. It took an extra hour to haul all across large LAX airport three different times back & fourth. Had no access to duty free shop. Great flight for great price. Only thing they need is on board Wi-Fi and an app. It was cold, blankets would have been a big plus. Airline was unable to check me in, even though I had a valid US visa which they called to confirm. Their system still did not allow check in. If you have a visa don’t travel on this airline. Will be seeking a refund. I’ve never know a transatlantic flight or even an international flight not to offer complimentary food and drinks . I was shocked - it took me hours to even get served paying almost $4 for a cup of tea. Those that knew had ordered ahead a tiny meal for $30! On a 9 hour flight this was not satisfactory at all. They would be my last choice to fly a long distance flight. SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Norse Atlantic Airways7.7 Book cheap flights from New York to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/11Thu nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 7h 35mJFK-CDG $145 Search 1/14Sun nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 7h 35mJFK-CDG $159 Search 3/23Sat nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 7h 35mJFK-CDG $163 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 29h 05mJFK-CDG $286 Search 3/4Mon 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 14h 00mJFK-CDG $287 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopSWISS 10h 35mJFK-CDG $326 Search 4/9Tue 1 stopLufthansa 11h 50mJFK-CDG $328 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopLufthansa 18h 55mJFK-ORY $328 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 15h 45mJFK-ORY $349 Search 1/2Tue 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 19h 00mJFK-ORY $356 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineNorse Atlantic AirwaysScandinavian AirlinesSWISSLufthansaTAP AIR PORTUGAL Search by price$160 or less$290 or less$330 or less$330 or less$360 or less Last minute flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Paris Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 7h 35mJFK-CDG 12/8Fri nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 8h 15mCDG-JFK $352 Search 12/2Sat nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 7h 35mJFK-CDG 12/8Fri nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 8h 15mCDG-JFK $379 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopIcelandair 18h 40mJFK-CDG 12/9Sat multi-stopIcelandair 27h 10mCDG-JFK $403 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopIcelandair 18h 40mJFK-CDG 12/7Thu multi-stopIcelandair 27h 10mCDG-JFK $417 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAir France 7h 10mJFK-CDG 12/8Fri nonstopAir France 8h 40mCDG-JFK $520 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAir France 7h 15mJFK-CDG 12/7Thu nonstopAir France 8h 30mCDG-JFK $522 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 11h 00mJFK-ORY 12/18Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 13h 40mORY-JFK $546 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 12h 55mJFK-ORY 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 11h 34mORY-JFK $583 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 7h 10mJFK-CDG 12/16Sat multi-stopDelta 14h 40mCDG-JFK $633 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 7h 10mJFK-CDG 12/6Wed multi-stopDelta 12h 10mCDG-JFK $634 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineNorse Atlantic AirwaysIcelandairAir FranceAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$380 or less$420 or less$520 or less$580 or less$630 or less New York John F Kennedy Airport - Paris Flights Departure: New York John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)United States Return flight deals: Paris - New York John F Kennedy Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris $2,570 Business Class flights to Paris $1,013 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris $433 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York John F Kennedy Airport $356Flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Paris Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris $1,203Flights to Châlons-en-Champagne, Paris $543Flights to Paris Beauvais-Tille Airport, Paris $370Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris $356Flights to Paris Orly Airport, Paris Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Paris flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris from New York John F Kennedy Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Paris from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.