Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to London from $189 | (LAX - LON) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - LON Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to London from $189 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/17. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to London These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to London. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to London. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to London?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to London that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:00 am - 7:10 amLAX-LHR 15h 10m1 stop 10:40 am - 8:10 pmLHR-LAX 17h 30m1 stop $482 Find Deal Thu, Feb 22 - Tue, Feb 27 2:00 pm - 5:00 pmLAX-LHR 43h 00m2 stops 3:35 pm - 12:10 pmLHR-LAX 52h 35m2 stops $487Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Sat, Jan 20 4:25 pm - 11:00 amLAX-LGW 10h 35mnonstop 10:35 am - 2:10 pmLGW-LAX 11h 35mnonstop $501Norse Atlantic UK Find Deal Mon, Apr 15 - Mon, Apr 29 4:25 pm - 11:00 amLAX-LGW 10h 35mnonstop 10:35 am - 2:10 pmLGW-LAX 11h 35mnonstop $509Norse Atlantic UK Find Deal Tue, Apr 9 - Sat, Apr 20 1:15 pm - 12:55 pmLAX-LHR 15h 40m1 stop 6:20 am - 4:15 pmLHR-LAX 17h 55m1 stop $525Virgin Atlantic Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Sun, Jan 14 9:00 am - 8:00 amLAX-LGW 15h 00m1 stop 12:00 pm - 9:24 pmLGW-LAX 17h 24m1 stop $588Virgin Atlantic Find Deal Tue, Apr 9 - Sat, Apr 20 12:25 am - 6:00 pmLAX-LHR 10h 35mnonstop 10:10 am - 2:25 pmLHR-LAX 11h 15mnonstop $643British Airways Find Deal Mon, Mar 11 - Tue, Mar 19 11:30 am - 8:05 amLAX-LGW 13h 35m1 stop 3:00 pm - 12:24 amLGW-LAX 16h 24m1 stop $670American Airlines Find Deal Thu, Mar 14 - Thu, Mar 21 9:45 pm - 3:45 pmLAX-LGW 34h 00m2 stops 6:30 pm - 9:34 pmLGW-LAX 35h 04m2 stops $712British Airways Find Deal Thu, Dec 28 - Sun, Jan 14 7:45 am - 8:35 amLAX-LGW 16h 50m2 stops 3:00 pm - 9:03 amLGW-LAX 26h 03m2 stops $722American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Apr 27 - Sat, May 4 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to London - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to London to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Los Angeles to London flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Los Angeles to London. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Los Angeles to London cost $148 and was between Los Angeles and London Gatwick Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $286. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to London? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to London clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to London on a Wednesday and more expensive on a Saturday. On your return trip to Los Angeles, you should consider flying back on a Wednesday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to London? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to London is October, where tickets cost $611 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,196 and $1,012 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to London? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to London, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 86 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to London? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Norse Atlantic UK ($189) and WestJet ($224). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Scandinavian Airlines ($487) and Norse Atlantic UK ($501). Which airlines fly most frequently between Los Angeles and London? American Airlines connects Los Angeles to London with up to 5 flights per day. British Airways also offers 5 flights per day, while Virgin Atlantic follows with 4 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and London? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to London. There are 6 airlines that fly nonstop from Los Angeles to London. They are: American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, Norse Atlantic UK, United Airlines and Virgin Atlantic. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Norse Atlantic UK at $295 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Norse Atlantic UK. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and London per day? Each day, there are between 15 and 19 nonstop flights that take off from Los Angeles and land in London, with an average flight time of 10h 25m. The most common departure time is 7:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening, while the most flights land at London Heathrow Airport. Each week, there are 120 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and London? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to London take? The duration of a nonstop flight to London from Los Angeles is typically 10h 15m. The journey crosses a distance of 5,449 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to London? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 3:25 pm and will be landing in London at 9:50 am. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to London? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to London jets off at 11:30 pm and lands at 6:00 pm. Good to know Low season February High season July Cheapest flight $189 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 19% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 28% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to London Gatwick Airport When to book flights from Los Angeles to London Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to London based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to London Are there any accessibility services available for travelers at LHR upon their arrival? London Heathrow Airport (LHR) provides assistance areas in each terminal, which is where you can find assistance from dedicated agents. At the host areas are essential amenities such as flight information screens, seating, and vending machines. If you're arriving at Terminal 3, the host areas are after security, adjacent to World Duty Free, past the toilets. There are wheelchair-accessible toilets at the arrival and departure terminals, mostly located inside the men's and women's toilets. Which is the best arrival airport if I want to visit Buckingham Palace? Two of London’s international airports, London Heathrow Airport (LHR) and Gatwick Airport (LGW), have direct train and subway connections to the Buckingham Palace. LGW sits about 45min away on the Gatwick Express or Southern train line, whereas LHR is about 1h away on the Piccadilly subway line. Where can I store my extra luggage at London Heathrow Airport (LHR)? You’ll find luggage storage lockers in each terminal at the London Heathrow Airport. For instance, if you’re using Terminal 1, the lockers are located on the lower level on the International Arrivals floor. Storage duration varies from a few hours to a maximum of 90 days. Are there car rentals at Gatwick Airport (LGW)? Several companies offer car rental facilities at the Gatwick Airport (LGW), and most of them have their pick-up locations at the North and South Terminals of the airport. It may be best if you make earlier reservations to save money. What are the best ways to get from London airports to the centre of the city? If you’re flying direct to Heathrow, then you can get the Heathrow Express to Paddington, which costs about £25 and takes around 5min. The Piccadilly Line will also take you to the centre of the city in about 50min and costs approximately £6. Alternatively, If you fly to Gatwick, you can get the Gatwick Express, which takes about 30min to arrive and costs about £20. A taxi takes about 1h, and you can expect it to cost around £60. Are there direct flights between Los Angeles Airport and London airports? Yes, you can fly directly from Los Angeles to one airport in London. Flights to London Heathrow are direct and have a busy schedule throughout the week. You can also fly indirectly to other London airports, such as Gatwick, should you not mind making one transfer, for example at Vancouver Airport. How can I save time at London airport? Upon arrival at London airports, you may be able to get through security a bit faster. If you are flying business class or first class, at Heathrow you will receive a pass prior to landing that will enable you to use the express lane at passport control. At Gatwick Airport, you can pay about £10 for the luxury, which will help you get through quickly for your onward journey. Can I stay in an airport hotel the night before my flight? Yes, should you want to stay at Los Angeles Airport the night before your flight, you can choose from many hotels, such as Hyatt Regency or Courtyard by Marriott, which are only a short walk away from the terminal buildings. This is a great way to make sure you’re not in a rush for your flight, especially if you have an early flight the next day. What is the best way to travel from Gatwick Airport to downtown London? If you would like to travel from Gatwick Airport to downtown London, the easiest mode of transportation to use is the train. The Gatwick Express is a popular choice that can get you to Victoria in approximately 30 minutes, while regular speed trains can take you to locations such as London Bridge and St. Pancras International in just over an hour. Which terminal has the most shopping options in Los Angeles International Airport? The Tom Bradley International Terminal of Los Angeles International Airport contains a variety of shopping options, including several duty-free stores and luxury boutiques, such as Dior and Hermes. Terminal 3 also has a high concentration of shopping areas that sell things like souvenirs, travel essentials, and local products. Are there any pet relief areas in Heathrow Airport? If you are traveling with a pet or service animal, take note of the fact that there are several pet relief areas located throughout Heathrow Airport. Many of them are placed outside near the parking structures and offer travelers complimentary plastic bags in order to clean up after their animal. Is there anyone to help me with my luggage upon arrival at Heathrow Airport? Traveling to Heathrow Airport with a substantial amount of luggage? Keep your eyes out for one of the airport’s professional Porters that are located at both the Arrivals and Departures terminals. They can move all of your luggage for you for a small fee and can even be booked ahead of time through the airport’s website. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and London? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to London from Los Angeles. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to London? American Airlines, Finnair, British Airways, and Iberia offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to London flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to London? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to London flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to London? oneworld, Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and London, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to London? There are nonstop flights from Los Angeles to London on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to London, Virgin Atlantic or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to London are Virgin Atlantic and Delta. With an average price for the route of $827 and an overall rating of 8.0, Virgin Atlantic is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $831 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to London? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to London. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to London? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to London from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to London? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to London with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to London? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to London from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Los Angeles to London Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $178 or less one-way and $497 or less round-trip. Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) and its all of its 9 terminals conform to a U-shaped layout, with a double-level road. Parking garages are situated inside of the U, while all terminals are on the outside. The upper level is reserved for flight departures, whereas all arrivals are on the lower level. Terminal 1 is not connected to any other terminal. However, Terminals 2-8 are connected via airside walkways. If you’re planning to travel on board British Airways flights from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to London, remember that the airline’s hub is situated at London Heathrow Airport (LHR). The airline offers its clients priority clearance due to its fast lane program. Also, eligible passengers can access the airlines lounges at the Concorde Room in Terminal 5. Travelers who wish to fly from LAX to London with your four-legged friend will be glad to note that there are pet relief areas in specific areas at the airport. Before boarding, the designated area is outside Terminals T1 and T2. After security, it’s in a room near Gate 13. Those looking for self-indulgence and relaxation before the long-haul flight from LAX to London can check out XpresSpa in Terminal 5. They’re experts in offering relaxation procedures such as waxing, manicure, pedicure, facial, massage, and much more. There are hotels near the airport where you can enjoy a relaxing sleep and wake up refreshed before your early morning flight. Still, most of these facilities will provide you with a courtesy airport transfer car. Hyatt Regency Los Angeles International Airport is one such hotel. It’s easy to get to LAX, making it a great airport to depart from. The FlyAway bus runs 24/7 and takes around 35min to arrive at the airport from central LA. It's also easy to drive there via South Sepulveda Boulevard. Interested in booking flights from Los Angeles to London? Think about where you would like to stay in the city. While Heathrow and City Airports are convenient for travelers that are staying in central London, Gatwick and Stansted Airports are best for travelers staying in the suburbs or looking for budget flights. Luton Airport is another choice that has affordable options but is situated 30 miles from the city center. From London airports, you can reach various parts of the UK. If you are flying direct to Heathrow, you could continue your journey to Oxford in 45min by car. If you are flying indirectly to Gatwick, then Brighton is only a 30min drive away. Ahead of your flight from LAX Airport, you can enjoy one of the many lounges on offer, such as the Alaska Lounge. This costs around $50 (£36.40) for a day pass, and you get to enjoy all the great facilities, including food, drinks, and Wi-Fi. If you need mobility assistance at LA Airport, then you will need to call your airline at least 72 hours prior to your departure to make sure that they can provide you with the mobility equipment and personnel you may require. Before you fly to London, you can change your Dollars for Pounds at one of the many exchange bureaus at LAX. International Currency Exchange stores and ATMs are situated in prominent positions in the departures area, so you’ll be able to locate them easily. If you have some time to kill before your flight from Los Angeles to London takes off, consider visiting the different art exhibits located in Los Angeles International Airport. There are currently 11 installation sites located throughout the airport’s terminals, allowing travelers to see a variety of works from local artists, such as paintings and sculptures. Interested in booking direct flights from Los Angeles to London? Consider booking with Air New Zealand, as they are known for offering a spacious amount of legroom and making long flights as comfortable as possible. Hoping to have cellphone service during your stay in London? Make sure to visit the UK Cellphone Rental station located in the Arrivals terminal of Heathrow Airport. The employees at this desk can help you purchase and install a SIM card or rent a temporary phone to use during your trip. If you would like to refresh yourself after your flight to Heathrow Airport has landed, make sure to take advantage of the several different showers that are located throughout the Departures terminals. These showers can be used by all travelers for a fee and are a great way to relax after a long trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to London? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to London, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to London Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +24 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +25 more 23 24 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +24 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +25 more 23 24 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +24 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +25 more 23 24 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +24 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +25 more 23 24 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +23 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +24 more 22 23 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +24 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +25 more 23 24 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +24 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +25 more 23 24 See more direct flights Nonstop returns London to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +23 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +24 more 22 23 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +23 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +24 more 22 23 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +23 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +24 more 22 23 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +23 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +24 more 22 23 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +22 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +23 more 21 22 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +23 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +24 more 22 23 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +24 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +25 more 23 24 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to London See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to London. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to London? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19621 reviews 79entertainment 86crew 82comfort 78food 82overall 83boarding Airline reviews Cons: "Two very sick people were allowed to fly and were not denied boarding during these times of Covid19. We actually had to taxi back to terminal to remove a very sick passenger. JetBlue #100 March 17, 2020 10:12 pm from Los Angeles to Fort Lauderdale."Read more about JetBlue Cons: "Two very sick people were allowed to fly and were not denied boarding during these times of Covid19. We actually had to taxi back to terminal to remove a very sick passenger. JetBlue #100 March 17, 2020 10:12 pm from Los Angeles to Fort Lauderdale." Cons: "Despite the delay of almost 3 hours (which we were informed much earlier than getting to the airport at) the plane was 40% empty so can’t complain at the end of the day" Pros: "It was my first experience & I couldn’t had enjoyed it more ! Words can’t explain" Cons: "Nothing everything was great" Cons: "Add Subtitles to the movies at list in English thanks Tzach" Pros: "The crew was very friendly and helpful." Cons: "The TV monitor was very small and the picture was pretty poor." Pros: "You can always count on JetBlue for good snacks and free WiFi." Cons: "But the snacks and free WiFi is not enough to payback the delayed departure experience. Just a week prior, my JetBlue flight was scheduled on time and then three things delayed thre flight for three hours right before we took off and now this! I was told it was due to needing to replace a crew member from another delayed flight. How can that affect so many people? The seat was also super uncomfortable and the back of the cushion was rolling forward, which made it hard to sit for that long. we also didn’t have a gate when we landed so that added on an extra 30minutes. Really disappointed." Pros: "I always shop on kayak. It's reliable because of the consistant results." Pros: "Food" Cons: "The scren was not working! This was a bit upsetting at my flight was 5 hours." Pros: "Seats were great. Personal power supply. Tons of entertainment choices, and free internet if you have Amazon prime" Pros: "The flight itself was fine. Food pricey but good enough. Seats are comfortable. WiFi is intermittent. Cabin crew basically OK." Cons: "Contradictory and incomplete texts about a 1.25 hour delay in departure time. Text should say to arrive at original time. Almost missed the flight because text did not say that. Got 2 different texts within minutes, one with incorrect info. Why did I have TSA Pre-Check status on the originating flight but not on the return flight? Not enough overhead space, and cabin crew wasn’t helpful in finding space. Flight 30 minutes late, but probably not JetBlue‘s fault." Missed connecting train since flight was late into Zurich and I had to stay at airport hotel because of it as well as I had to repurchase train ticket Pros: "Entertainment" Cons: "I requested a vegan vegetarian meal and did not get it. I had to do with the regular meal which had a lot of dairy products to which I am allergic to. The space between rows of seats. It was really crammed in Economy and we are a petite thin family!" Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "The seats had such little cushion that it made the flight extremely uncomfortable." Cons: "We were packed like sardines! My flight made me want to retire from traveling!" Pros: "The crew was really great and helpful" Cons: "Only thing that could have been better was ginger ale." Cons: "The plane was SO hot and stuffy. It was an overnight flight, so they passed out blankets—but it was so hot no one used them. The air was stale, to the point of feeling claustrophobic." Pros: "Good entertainment options" Cons: "two of the three phone charge ports were not working I think the passenger seating areas may not have been deep cleaned" Pros: "Hospitality was wonderful. The food and drinks were great and the constant entertainment made the 10+ hour flight bearable." Cons: "The seats are comfortable but there is definitely not enough leg room especially if you are sitting in the middle seat. There should be some type of incentive given if you get stuck sitting between two complete strangers." Pros: "The food was decent and on board entertainment was pretty good." Cons: "The boarding experience was terrible. We bought new lightweight International sized carry-on bags for our family of four and packed extremely light to keep each of bags under the 8 kg weight limit for carry-on bags. The crew required us to check them anyway! So incredibly annoying." Pros: "I do not know how to go about contesting his, but we bought 4 tickets to South Africa on Swiss air and Edelweiss via Zurich. We received a confirmation email for two of the tickets but not for the other two so we assumed the other ones did not go through as we used two different credit cards." Cons: "We purchased the last two again and when we showed up at the ticket counted they let us know that we bought 6 tickets!!!!!!!! We would like to be reimbursed for the two tickets we did not receive the confirmation emails for. How can we go about it?" Pros: "Crew are always top notch, free drinks are readily available and entertainment system is great." Cons: "The food portions and quality have definitely declined over the years sadly, as carriers cut costs no doubt." Pros: "Amazing crew, excellent drinks and decent food. Very comfortable seat" Cons: "Everything was great" Pros: "Crew was great !!!" Cons: "Seating in upper class is uncomfortable and bedding is not fresh." Cons: "We are a little hard of hearing. It was hard to hear the attendant when giving directions over the intercom. The speech was garbled and directions spoken too fast. I am not referring to the safety speech. Recommend slowing down so that we have more time to process what was spoken." Pros: "Everything was easy" Cons: "Business class seats are snug for big people compared to other airlines" Pros: "Excellent airline" Cons: "The business seats could have been wider. I have sat on business class other airlines and the seat was a bit wider but overall still great experience" Cons: "I cancelled this flight online, then I called to let them know I was getting emails, but that I had cancelled. For two days I received emails about delayed flights and now this." Pros: "The roomie seats, the USB port, and in flight entertainment" Cons: "Child free section" Pros: "The business class seats are the best we’ve had. Plenty of room, nicely laid out, good organization design. The blankets were fluffy and very comfortable. Crew was super attentive and friendly. For such a long flight, it was very pleasant, will highly recommend." Pros: "The crew were very attentive, they tried hard to help me with comfort, drinks etc. I didnt have food as it was so good in the Virgin Clubhouse!" Cons: "The bed! When you flip it flat its rock hard, and the matress they provide is useless! Need foam matress to really make it more comfotable. If the seat reclined another few inches i wouldnt bother flipping it." Pros: "The seats were very comfortable even though legroom was limited in the basic cabin." Cons: "Delta delayed the flight from LAX to SLC, which subsequently made me miss the connecting flight from SLC to ORD. Completely unacceptable" Pros: "Overall, flight was great." Cons: "The couple next to me were a little on the plus size. A little tight for my flight. But I was ok" Pros: "I did not like nothing" Cons: "Custom took for ever they only had 2 agents working and I Missed my fight to nyc" Cons: "Sat on the runway for over an hour to get the gate. Unacceptable." Pros: "Great service. Smooth flight. Funny flight attendants. No issues boarding or deplaning." Cons: "Food wasn’t great. What’s new?" Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Pros: "The attendant was most helpful. Because the flight was not full, she allowed us to sit in the exit row, window and aisle, with no one between. I'm a tall person, so the extra leg room was deeply appreciated. I give her and the airline high marks." Pros: "The crew members were very friendly" Cons: "Coach seats still a little too small. Always bump the person next to me" Cons: "Due to the earthquakes, the film festival I was going to was cancelled. Ten days prior to the flight I called AeroMexico to cancel and they said there would be a cancellation penalty, which was fine. When I tried to redeem my credit, they said there was also an additional "No-show fee" even though I called to cancel 10 days prior, which left a total of $70 credit after all their penalties. I called and emailed to complain but they did nothing but pass me to someone else who was equally unhelpful. I will never fly AeroMexico for any reason in the future." Cons: "I think it makes a huge difference when the crew says something comforting before or during turbulence instead of just “buckle seat belts” it’s so simple yet goes so far is soothing anxiety but we got “BUCKLE SEAT BELTS” like wow" Pros: "decent comfort on board" Cons: "both flights delayed, some rude crew, and Avianca lost my luggage when I got to Medellin" Pros: "The movie selection for children and adults was fine. The peach juice was good too." Cons: "The food was absolutely the most disgusting plane food I’ve had. I mean, airplane meals aren’t ever really that great but this was particularly foul. Also they should really stock the seat pockets with the nausea bags especially with all the turbulence over the Andes." Pros: "The crew was accommodating" Cons: "The seats were uncomfortable and they changed my flight 3 times" Cons: "Seats are to small and food was overall not to par" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Having to leave airport after waiting hours for a repair" Pros: "Great service gave my brother all the attention he needed" Pros: "The plane and it was in time. I could sleep" Pros: "Pretty much on time. Entertainment options were great. Clean enough." Cons: "Food was not very good. Extremely salty. Our family of 4 did not eat much of it." Cons: "A rating of one start is too much for this airline. Avianca caused me to miss my flight in LAX, refused to help me reach my ultimate destination for which I paid them hundreds of dollars to do, nor did they offer to credit my losses for which they were responsible. Customer Service was as useless as the individuals in person that I dealt with. I never made it to my destination because I was forced to return home to San Francisco, unable to see my wife-to-be in Brasil. I will never fly with this airline again." JetBlue8.1 SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to London Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to London found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/17Wed nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 10h 35mLAX-LGW $189 Search 1/17Wed nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 10h 35mLAX-LGW $192 Search 4/22Mon nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 10h 35mLAX-LGW $193 Search 3/6Wed 1 stopAer Lingus 14h 15mLAX-LCY $609 Search 5/9Thu 1 stopAer Lingus 16h 35mLAX-LCY $610 Search 1/31Wed 1 stopBritish Airways 14h 15mLAX-LCY $647 Search 2/28Wed 1 stopBritish Airways 16h 20mLAX-LCY $649 Search 2/17Sat 1 stopDelta 15h 25mLAX-LCY $671 Search 12/27Wed 1 stopVirgin Atlantic 18h 45mLAX-LCY $693 Search 4/17Wed 1 stopDelta 15h 45mLAX-LCY $696 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineNorse Atlantic UKAer LingusBritish AirwaysDeltaVirgin Atlantic Search by price$190 or less$610 or less$650 or less$670 or less$700 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to London Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to London that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 18h 05mLAX-LHR 12/3Sun multi-stopLufthansa 22h 15mLHR-LAX $469 Search 12/1Fri nonstop 10h 30mLAX-LHR 12/3Sun multi-stop 15h 35mLHR-LAX $474 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 18h 55mLAX-LGW 12/10Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 28h 14mLGW-LAX $563 Search 12/1Fri nonstopVirgin Atlantic 10h 15mLAX-LHR 12/8Fri multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 13h 20mLHR-LAX $567 Search 12/2Sat nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 10h 35mLAX-LGW 12/6Wed nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 11h 35mLGW-LAX $586 Search 12/1Fri nonstopVirgin Atlantic 10h 35mLAX-LHR 12/4Mon nonstopVirgin Atlantic 11h 15mLHR-LAX $592 Search 12/3Sun nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 10h 35mLAX-LGW 12/6Wed nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 11h 35mLGW-LAX $596 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 25h 32mLAX-LGW 12/10Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 28h 14mLGW-LAX $609 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopBritish Airways 16h 35mLAX-LGW 12/12Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 29h 00mLGW-LAX $613 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 14h 25mLAX-LGW 12/11Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 15h 30mLGW-LAX $777 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLufthansaAmerican AirlinesVirgin AtlanticNorse Atlantic UKBritish Airways Search by price$470 or less$570 or less$590 or less$610 or less$780 or less Los Angeles - London Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: London - Los Angeles Cabin classes: First Class flights to London $1,861 Business Class flights to London $1,008 Prem Econ Class flights to London $286 Economy Class flights to London Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $401Flights from Los Angeles to London Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » United Kingdom » England » London $593Flights to London City Airport, London $408Flights to London Gatwick Airport, London $474Flights to London Heathrow Airport, London $476Flights to London Luton Airport, London $718Flights to London Southend Airport, London $450Flights to London Stansted Airport, London View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search London flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to London from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to London from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.