Cheap Flights from Calgary to Vancouver Airport from C$ 41 | (YYC - YVR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYC - YVR Find cheap flights from Calgary to Vancouver from C$ 41 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 14/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Vancouver These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Vancouver, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Vancouver, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Calgary to Vancouver Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Calgary to Vancouver Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:15 p.m. - 6:58 p.m.YYC-YVR 1h 43mdirect 9:20 p.m. - 11:55 p.m.YVR-YYC 1h 35mdirect C$ 61 Find Deal Thu, 4 Jan - Tue, 9 Jan 7:00 a.m. - 7:46 a.m.YYC-YVR 1h 46mdirect 2:55 p.m. - 5:30 p.m.YVR-YYC 1h 35mdirect C$ 62 Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 11:25 p.m. - 12:08 a.m.YYC-YVR 1h 43mdirect 7:45 p.m. - 10:14 p.m.YVR-YYC 1h 29mdirect C$ 71Lynx Air Find Deal Sun, 21 Jan - Sun, 28 Jan 7:00 a.m. - 7:46 a.m.YYC-YVR 1h 46mdirect 7:45 p.m. - 10:14 p.m.YVR-YYC 1h 29mdirect C$ 75Lynx Air Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Sun, 21 Jan 6:15 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.YYC-YVR 1h 45mdirect 2:55 p.m. - 5:30 p.m.YVR-YYC 1h 35mdirect C$ 80Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 6:15 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.YYC-YVR 1h 45mdirect 2:55 p.m. - 5:30 p.m.YVR-YYC 1h 35mdirect C$ 83Flair Airlines Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Fri, 26 Jan 1:00 p.m. - 1:35 p.m.YYC-YVR 1h 35mdirect 6:00 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YVR-YYC 3h 20m1 stop C$ 131WestJet Find Deal Tue, 23 Jan - Sat, 27 Jan 5:00 p.m. - 5:38 p.m.YYC-YVR 1h 38mdirect 6:00 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YVR-YYC 3h 20m1 stop C$ 172WestJet Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Sat, 27 Jan 4:40 p.m. - 8:51 p.m.YYC-YVR 5h 11m1 stop 11:05 p.m. - 1:33 a.m.YVR-YYC 1h 28mdirect C$ 225Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 6 Jan - Sun, 14 Jan 4:40 p.m. - 8:51 p.m.YYC-YVR 5h 11m1 stop 7:55 a.m. - 11:54 a.m.YVR-YYC 2h 59m1 stop C$ 233Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Sun, 21 Jan Show more results Flights from Calgary to Vancouver Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Calgary to Vancouver Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Calgary to Vancouver Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Calgary to Vancouver Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Calgary to Vancouver Intl Airport is March, where tickets cost C$ 107 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and August, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 193 and C$ 179 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Calgary to Vancouver Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Calgary to Vancouver Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Calgary to Vancouver Intl Airport, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 64 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Calgary to Vancouver? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Lynx Air offered the best one-way deal for that route, at C$ 41. KAYAK users also found Calgary to Vancouver round-trip flights on Lynx Air from C$ 96 and on Flair Airlines from C$ 109. Which airlines fly most frequently between Calgary and Vancouver? Air Canada connects Calgary to Vancouver up to 10 flights per day, followed by WestJet (4 flights per day), and Flair Airlines (one flight per day). Which airlines fly direct between Calgary and Vancouver Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Calgary to Vancouver Intl Airport. There are 4 airlines that fly direct from Calgary to Vancouver Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Flair Airlines, Lynx Air and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 65. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Calgary and Vancouver Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 14 and 20 nonstop flights that take off from Calgary and land in Vancouver Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 42m. The most common departure time is 9:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 119 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Calgary and Vancouver Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Calgary to Vancouver take? The duration of a direct flight to Vancouver from Calgary is typically 1h 35m. The journey crosses a distance of 1,104 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Calgary to Vancouver? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Calgary at 6:00 am and will be landing in Vancouver Intl Airport at 6:43 am. What’s the latest departure time from Calgary to Vancouver? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Calgary to Vancouver Intl Airport jets off at 11:55 pm and lands at 12:38 am. Good to know Low season January High season April Cheapest flight C$ 41 Best time to beat the crowds (18% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 13% lower on average. Flight from Calgary to Vancouver When to book flights from Calgary to Vancouver Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Calgary to Vancouver Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Calgary to Vancouver flights Where can I get assistance at Vancouver International Airport (YVR)? Suppose you need some assistance once you land at YVR. In that case, visit one of the airport’s customer care counters spread throughout the airport. If you visit any of the desks, 12 in total, you will get the assistance you need since they are manned by friendly and knowledgeable staff dressed in blue vests. Alternatively, look for airport ambassadors, easily recognizable in their green vests. Are there nursing rooms on the route from Calgary to Vancouver? In case you’re a nursing mother, there are various nursing rooms you can take advantage of before and after your flight. The nursing rooms at YYC are opposite Baggage Carousel 9 on the Domestic Arrivals Level, at the Departures Level, in Concourse B, and Concourse C. At YVR, the single nursing room is found on Level 3 of the US Terminal, a short distance from the restrooms. Is there public transportation to Calgary Airport? Calgary Transit provides four different bus routes that run to the Calgary Airport. Two of these routes, the numbers 300 and 100, run directly to the terminals while the other two provide service to the airport property, but not the terminal buildings themselves. The fastest route to downtown Calgary is the route 300 which provides rapid service with limited stops along the way. What public transportation options exist between downtown Vancouver and Vancouver International Airport? Vancouver International Airport offers the Canada Line which is Vancouver’s rapid transit light rail that connects the airport to downtown Vancouver. The trip to downtown can be made on this train in about 30 minutes. The platform for this train is located between the International and Domestic Terminals and can be accessed by elevators in the terminals. Is there something I can do with my kids before my flight from Calgary to Vancouver? The Calgary Airport offers the Spaceport, located on the third floor of the airport. This 6,000 square foot space provides a range of fascinating exhibits that are based on the themes of space exploration and scientific knowledge. There are also live exhibits and shows that delve into the topics of space, science and aviation, which your kids are sure to love. Do hotels in the Vancouver area offer shuttles from Vancouver International Airport? All courtesy shuttles do their drop-offs and pick-ups at a designated location at the airport terminal. This area is marked by a green canopy and can be found on the arrivals level, level 1of the Domestic Terminal. On both arrivals level 2 and the shuttle bus pickup area, there are direct dial phones that will allow you to contact your hotel to request shuttle service. Which airports will I be using when flying from Calgary to Vancouver? Calgary airport is called Calgary and the only airport in Vancouver is Vancouver Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Calgary to Vancouver? Air Canada, WestJet, Delta, Alaska Airlines, and KLM offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Calgary to Vancouver flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Calgary to Vancouver? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Calgary to Vancouver flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Calgary to Vancouver? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Calgary and Vancouver, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Calgary to Vancouver? There are direct flights from Calgary to Vancouver on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Calgary to Vancouver, WestJet or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Calgary to Vancouver are WestJet and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 202 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 228 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Calgary to Vancouver? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Calgary to Vancouver. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Calgary to Vancouver? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Vancouver from Calgary is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Calgary to Vancouver? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Vancouver with an airline and back to Calgary with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Calgary to Vancouver? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Vancouver from Calgary up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Calgary to Vancouver Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 100 or less one-way and C$ 241 or less round-trip. In Calgary, you will catch your flight at Calgary International Airport (YYC), while in Vancouver, you will alight at Vancouver International Airport (YVR). YYC is located 17 km northeast of downtown Calgary, whereas YVR is 12 km from downtown Vancouver. Both air transit stations serve as hubs for Air Canada and WestJet. If you are flying to Vancouver with a pet, you can let it relieve itself while at YYC since this airport has several designated pet relief spots. These spots are found outside Doors 1, 9, and 17 of the Arrivals Level, Gate B34, and across from Chili’s in Concourse D. At YYC, you can wait for your flight at Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge in Concourse C or the WestJet Elevation Lounge in Concourse B. At either, you will have access to comfortable seating, alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, a variety of snacks, magazines, and strategically-placed TVs. If you want to make sure your valuable belongings stay safe on the flight from Calgary to Vancouver, Calgary Airport offers the Luggage Wrap Express to help protect your luggage from both unauthorized opening and damage while in transit. When looking for a nice place to spend time before your flight from Calgary to Vancouver, check out the Aspire Airport Lounge at Calgary Airport. The lounge offers executive work chairs, showers, sleeping pods, all-day food menus and a variety of beverage choices If you are taking a flight from Calgary to Vancouver to board a cruise ship, you will be glad to know that there are cruise ship representatives that are available in the domestic arrivals area. These knowledgeable guides can help you find your way to your cruise ship’s pier. If you are in need of a meal before your flight from Calgary to Vancouver, a great choice is Chili’s, located in Concourse D of Calgary Airport. Their motto is ‘Fun, Fresh and Flavorfu’l and their abundant menu will ensure that every visitor finds something they are sure to like. For travelers on flights from Calgary to Vancouver looking for an on-site hotel in Vancouver, consider the Fairmont Vancouver Airport. This hotel is soundproofed so that visitors at the luxury hotel and spa will enjoy a peaceful stay while still being conveniently located at the airport. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Calgary to Vancouver Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Calgary to Vancouver Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Calgary to Vancouver Intl Search flights Monday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more ANA,Aeromexico, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more ANA,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Wednesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more ANA,Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Thursday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more ANA,Aeromexico, +19 more 17 18 Friday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more ANA,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Saturday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more ANA,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Sunday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more ANA,Aeromexico, +18 more 16 17 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Vancouver Intl to Calgary Search flights Monday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more ANA,Aeromexico, +18 more 16 17 Tuesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more ANA,Aeromexico, +19 more 17 18 Wednesday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more ANA,Aeromexico, +19 more 17 18 Thursday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more ANA,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Friday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more ANA,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Saturday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more ANA,Aeromexico, +18 more 16 17 Sunday ANA,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more ANA,Aeromexico, +18 more 16 17 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 4 airlines serving from Calgary to Vancouver Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Calgary to Vancouver. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Calgary to Vancouver Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 80overall 71food 84crew 70entertainment 81boarding 77comfort Airline reviews I just think that Canada has slipped so far down if I could choose a non Canadian airline to travel on I would prefer that.Read more about WestJet I just think that Canada has slipped so far down if I could choose a non Canadian airline to travel on I would prefer that. Pros: "I like that my original flight was rescheduled but I needed to arrive in Vancouver for my connection so I'm happy they moved me to an earlier flight. Very accommodating!-" Cons: "Entrainment on flight" Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable because of the head rest that is attached to the seat. However the staff and crew were friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better seats" Pros: "The crew was polite, even with the numerous delays. Other than that, the multiple delays (3; 8:30 -> 11:30, 11:30 -> 13:05, 13:05 -> 15:30) rubbed me the wrong way and lessened my experience with West Jet. Kayak was very responsive and reliable on their end." Cons: "West Jet; the delays which took around 6 hours from my weekend trip." Pros: "Crew were very good. The economy seats were "ok". Food was good and the service was very good." Cons: "Entertainment didn't have enough new movies to watch. The leg room could've been better." Pros: "This flight was fine. It was utilitarian. Did not stand out one way or another." Pros: "For some reason, we found ourselves in the Premium section for our return flight from Palm Springs. So we got fed!! Which was nice. And we had a little more legroom, “spare seat” between us, etc." Cons: "It was a short flight, only 2 1/2 hours, so you can’t really expect much. It’s the long flights where service really makes a difference." Cons: "Always a ‘full flight’ and they run out of spacein the overhead storage" Cons: "Flight was delayed 2 hours, then at the gate boarding didn’t start till 10 mins before take off. Took off almost an hour after the delayed take off time." Pros: "Very low ticket prices, everything went smoothly (no delays), lots of leg room!" I especially appreciated the on-time performance. I had a play scheduled for the evening of my flight and I would have missed it if there had been any delay. The flight & attendants were fine. Very slow in getting wheelchair, so did without. This was a separate service. There were only 2 agents available to push wheelchairs. Security check needs improvement. 3 lines provided for priority service & only one line for all other passengers. Waited 45 minutes to get thru line. TSA staff finally opened another line once there were no more priority passengers. Crew were friendly and helpful. It would have been better if any of the flights were remotely close to being in time. The customs line in Vancouver was outrageous and the way it was handled and lack of information to customers was frustrating. Air Canada isn't the most helpfully airlines when it comes to customer service. Maybe to a few other certain types of people, but not to anyone I saw nor I. They seem to not care at all if what they are doing is affecting anyone else. Honestly after flying nearly 6 times a month for a few years, this entire Air Canada experience has been one of the worst encounters I've ever had. Not to mention they lost my bag and basically gave me a shrug in I don't Know why I should care attitude. Cons: "I didn't like the food at all, and couldn't complete it." Pros: "I got home" Cons: "Made the connection (no luggage) as signified in the SMS notice of a delayed departure but they had given preferred seat to stand by. No problem just another 90 minutes after a previous 3 hour delay out of Calgary. Not impressed!" Cons: "Information provided on delays was limited and information on connecting by flights was incorrect" Pros: "Crew are very nice and approachable. No complain about their service. And flight is on time." Cons: "Many connecting flights jammed together F terminal at YYZ. SOME thing caused delay after delay. This really messed up baggage people. Once we boarded after like - 10 delays and a gate change, there were NUMEROUS whole-flight mixups with luggage - so many similar flight numbers traveling to same destination and whole flights awaiting their luggage. Our party of four had our luggage spread through THREE different planes. WTH? No customer service at DTW once we arrived and there were so many livid people. Absolutely awful. We were supposed to arrive at 5PM and it's now 3:11AM. My son just completed filing a luggage claim loss. And we are off to drive home to Grand Rapids two hours away. Nightmare." Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Calgary to Vancouver Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Calgary to Vancouver found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 14/2Wed directLynx Air 1h 43mYYC-YVR C$ 30 Search 13/12Wed directLynx Air 1h 43mYYC-YVR C$ 33 Search 13/12Wed directFlair Airlines 1h 45mYYC-YVR C$ 36 Search 15/12Fri directFlair Airlines 1h 45mYYC-YVR C$ 43 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 1h 42mYYC-YVR C$ 99 Search 14/2Wed 1 stopWestJet 3h 21mYYC-YVR C$ 102 Search 14/12Thu directAir Canada 1h 43mYYC-YVR C$ 103 Search 7/12Thu 1 stop 29h 40mYYC-YVR C$ 121 Search 17/3Sun 1 stop 10h 55mYYC-YVR C$ 124 Search 9/12Sat directAir Canada 1h 37mYYC-YVR C$ 126 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirFlair AirlinesWestJetAir Canada Search by priceC$ 30 or lessC$ 40 or lessC$ 100 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 130 or less Last minute flights from Calgary to Vancouver Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Calgary to Vancouver that are departing in the next 10 days. 2/12Sat direct 1h 43mYYC-YVR 8/1Mon direct 1h 35mYVR-YYC C$ 104 Search 2/12Sat directLynx Air 1h 43mYYC-YVR 5/12Tue directLynx Air 1h 29mYVR-YYC C$ 107 Search 5/12Tue directLynx Air 1h 43mYYC-YVR 9/12Sat directLynx Air 1h 29mYVR-YYC C$ 108 Search 4/12Mon directLynx Air 1h 43mYYC-YVR 6/12Wed directLynx Air 1h 29mYVR-YYC C$ 112 Search 1/12Fri directFlair Airlines 1h 45mYYC-YVR 7/12Thu directFlair Airlines 1h 35mYVR-YYC C$ 195 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 5h 41mYYC-YVR 5/1Fri directWestJet 1h 23mYVR-YYC C$ 218 Search 1/12Fri directFlair Airlines 1h 45mYYC-YVR 3/12Sun directFlair Airlines 1h 35mYVR-YYC C$ 224 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 9h 55mYYC-YVR 6/12Wed multi-stopWestJet 7h 37mYVR-YYC C$ 277 Search 3/12Sun directAir Canada 1h 43mYYC-YVR 4/12Mon directAir Canada 1h 28mYVR-YYC C$ 302 Search 3/12Sun directAir Canada 1h 43mYYC-YVR 3/12Sun directAir Canada 1h 28mYVR-YYC C$ 332 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirFlair AirlinesWestJetAir Canada Search by priceC$ 110 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 220 or lessC$ 280 or lessC$ 330 or less Calgary - Vancouver Flights Departure: Calgary (YYC)Canada Destination: Vancouver (YVR)Canada Return flight deals: Vancouver - Calgary Cabin classes: C$ 2,780 First Class flights to Vancouver C$ 939 Business Class flights to Vancouver C$ 816 Prem Econ Class flights to Vancouver C$ 96 Economy Class flights to Vancouver Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Alberta » Calgary C$ 62Flights from Calgary to Vancouver Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » British Columbia » Vancouver Airport C$ 62Flights to Vancouver Intl Airport, Vancouver Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Victoria Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to Halifax Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Vancouver flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Vancouver from Calgary. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Vancouver from Calgary. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.