Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to Lisbon from C$ 353 | (YYZ - LIS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYZ - LIS Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon from C$ 353 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 11/3. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Lisbon These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Lisbon. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Lisbon. How much is the cheapest flight from Pearson Intl to Lisbon?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pearson Intl to Lisbon that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:00 a.m. - 7:45 a.m.YYZ-LIS 16h 45m1 stop 9:30 a.m. - 5:59 p.m.LIS-YYZ 13h 29m1 stop C$ 358Air Transat Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Thu, 25 Jan 10:00 a.m. - 7:45 a.m.YYZ-LIS 16h 45m1 stop 9:30 a.m. - 9:11 a.m.LIS-YYZ 28h 41m1 stop C$ 364Air Transat Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Mon, 25 Dec 5:40 p.m. - 5:45 a.m.YYZ-LIS 7h 05mdirect 11:00 a.m. - 2:35 p.m.LIS-YYZ 8h 35mdirect C$ 394TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Sat, 13 Jan - Sat, 20 Jan 5:40 p.m. - 5:45 a.m.YYZ-LIS 7h 05mdirect 5:40 p.m. - 9:15 p.m.LIS-YYZ 8h 35mdirect C$ 403TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Mon, 11 Dec 9:00 p.m. - 9:20 a.m.YYZ-LIS 7h 20mdirect 11:00 a.m. - 2:35 p.m.LIS-YYZ 8h 35mdirect C$ 436Lufthansa Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Fri, 26 Jan 8:55 p.m. - 9:15 a.m.YYZ-LIS 7h 20mdirect 11:00 a.m. - 2:46 p.m.LIS-YYZ 32h 46m1 stop C$ 437Lufthansa Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Sat, 20 Jan 5:40 p.m. - 8:10 a.m.YYZ-LIS 9h 30m1 stop 11:00 a.m. - 2:35 p.m.LIS-YYZ 8h 35mdirect C$ 461Air Canada Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Fri, 26 Jan 9:00 p.m. - 9:20 a.m.YYZ-LIS 7h 20mdirect 10:15 a.m. - 4:52 p.m.LIS-YYZ 11h 37m1 stop C$ 464Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Tue, 30 Jan 8:45 p.m. - 11:20 a.m.YYZ-LIS 9h 35m1 stop 1:30 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.LIS-YYZ 11h 00m1 stop C$ 532Azores Airlines Find Deal Wed, 3 Apr - Thu, 18 Apr 8:45 p.m. - 11:40 a.m.YYZ-LIS 9h 55m1 stop 1:30 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.LIS-YYZ 11h 00m1 stop C$ 547Azores Airlines Find Deal Mon, 6 May - Thu, 9 May Show more results Flights from Pearson Intl to Lisbon - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pearson Intl to Lisbon to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Lisbon? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Lisbon, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Lisbon is January, where tickets cost C$ 721 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and August, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 1,175 and C$ 1,108 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Lisbon? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Lisbon, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Lisbon, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 74 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for C$ 486 on Air Transat, followed by TAP AIR PORTUGAL (C$ 535). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as C$ 356 on Azores Airlines and from C$ 432 on Air Transat. Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Lisbon? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Lisbon. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Lisbon. They are: Air Canada, Air Transat and TAP AIR PORTUGAL. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with TAP AIR PORTUGAL at C$ 454. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at TAP AIR PORTUGAL. How many flights are there between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Lisbon per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 3 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and land in Lisbon, with an average flight time of 7h 04m. The most common departure time is 5:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 9 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 33% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Lisbon? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon take? Direct flights take on average 6h 55m to travel the 9,231 km between Toronto Pearson Airport and Lisbon. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 5:40 pm and will be landing in Lisbon at 5:45 am. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Lisbon jets off at 10:55 pm and lands at 11:00 am. Good to know Low season November High season June Cheapest flight C$ 353 Best time to beat the crowds (14% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 3% lower on average. Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon When to book flights from Pearson Intl to Lisbon Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pearson Intl to Lisbon based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon flights Can I fly direct from Pearson International Airport (YYZ) to Lisbon Airport (LIS)? There are a limited number of direct flights that depart from Toronto’s Pearson Airport and arrive at Lisbon Airport. Carriers for these nonstop flights include TAP Air Portugal and Air Canada. What’s the easiest way to get from Toronto to Pearson Airport (YYZ) using public transportation? The UP Express trains offer a limited-stop route that transports passengers from Union Station in downtown Toronto to the airport. The ride takes about 25min and costs about C$ 12.35 (kids under 12 ride for free). The UP Express also picks up passengers at the Bloor and Weston Stations. The UP Express drops off passengers at the Terminal 1 station; passengers departing from Terminal 3 can take the Terminal Link Train to their terminal. What are my options for parking at Pearson International Airport? For about C$ 50 per day, passengers can park in the Express Lot, which are the spaces closest to Terminal 1. Travellers can find additional covered parking close to the terminals in the Daily and the Preferred garages. Rates for these lots start at around C$ 33 per day. There are also three remote lots that are less expensive options. These lots are connected to the airport by the airport’s Terminal Link shuttle train. The Value Park Garage offers covered spaces, while the Value Park Lot and Viscount Station lot are open lots. Rates for these lots start at about C$ 23 per day. Can I get to downtown Lisbon by train from the Humberto Delgado Airport (LIS)? An easy way to get to downtown Lisbon from the airport is via the Aeroporto – Saldanha metro line, which takes only about 20min to reach the city centre at a cost of about €1.50 (C$ 2.25). The metro’s Aeroporto station is located near the Terminal 1 Arrivals hall. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon? Lufthansa, Air France, and Air Canada offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon? The Airbus A321neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Toronto Pearson Airport and Lisbon. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon? There are direct flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to Lisbon, SWISS or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to Lisbon are SWISS and Delta. With an average price for the route of C$ 821 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 869 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Lisbon from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Lisbon with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Lisbon? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Lisbon from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to Lisbon Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 535 or less one-way and C$ 781 or less round-trip. Pearson International Airport (YYZ) has two passenger terminals, Terminals 1 and 3. Departures from these terminals are based on the location of the airline, and international flights depart from both terminals. Pearson’s free Terminal Link automated train connects Terminals 1 and 3 with Viscount Station, which is located near the remote airport parking lots and the ALT Hotel. If you have an early departure from Pearson Airport, you can stay at one of the two hotels at the airport and avoid the hassles of an early commute. The ALT Hotel is located near the Viscount Station, which is a stop on the airport’s shuttle train, the Terminal Link. The Sheraton Gateway Hotel is located at Terminal 3 and is connected to the hotel by a pedestrian walkway. Humberto Delgado Airport (LIS) is also known as Lisbon Airport and Portela Airport. Lisbon Airport has two passenger terminals, Terminals 1 and 2. Terminal 1 is the larger terminal, handling most of the international and domestic departures. Terminal 2 is smaller and is used primarily by low-cost carriers. The terminals are connected by the airport’s free shuttle bus. International flights from Toronto will most likely arrive at Terminal 1. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Pearson Intl to Lisbon Humberto Delgado? Find which airlines fly direct from Pearson Intl to Humberto Delgado, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Pearson Intl to Lisbon Humberto Delgado Search flights Monday Air Canada,Lufthansa,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Lufthansa, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air Transat,Porter Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Wednesday Air Canada,Lufthansa,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Lufthansa, +2 more 1 Thursday Air Transat,Porter Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Friday Air Canada,Lufthansa,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Lufthansa, +2 more 1 Saturday Air Transat,Porter Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Sunday Air Canada,Lufthansa,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Lufthansa, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Lisbon Humberto Delgado to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Lufthansa,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Lufthansa, +2 more 1 Tuesday TAP AIR PORTUGAL TAP AIR PORTUGAL Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Lufthansa, +3 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +4 more 2 3 Thursday TAP AIR PORTUGAL TAP AIR PORTUGAL Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Lufthansa, +3 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +4 more 2 3 Saturday TAP AIR PORTUGAL TAP AIR PORTUGAL Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Lufthansa, +3 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +4 more 2 3 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to Lisbon See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Lisbon. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to Lisbon? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82boarding 79food 82overall 77entertainment 78comfort 86crew Airline reviews Swiss Air rerouted me at the last minute and lost my luggage. At this time they still have not been able to locate it.Read more about SWISS Swiss Air rerouted me at the last minute and lost my luggage. At this time they still have not been able to locate it. Pros: "Coach seats were comfortable but if the person in front of you reclines, your video screen will be inches from your face and it becomes difficult to get out of your seat." Cons: "Crew was not particularly friendly....almost downright rude at times" Cons: "The HVAC system was apparently defective and passengers in the mid-section of the plane, myself included, were bundled up in winter jackets and blankets." Pros: "Even though we flew through turbulances the crew was able to manage their tasks. Plus beautiful stewardess." Cons: "Did NOT know ticket was economy light!!!! I WAS UPSET WE HAD TO PAY BAGGAGE FEE!!!!" Pros: "Economy class had a bit wider seats. Included dinner, beverages, and breakfast plus snacks . Happy with Swiss Air." Pros: "The entire process from boarding in Chicago until arrival in Athens was very smooth." Pros: "Customer service excellent even though I was in the economic class they made me feel first class!" Pros: "Crew very courteous as usual" Cons: "Lately all Swiss flights I have taken are late. This last one was 1 hour late. No more sandwich is offered, or even chips or peanuts. The only drink available for free was a glass of water! Not even a small bottle!! Bye bye Swiss service!" Pros: "Direct connection from San Diego to Zurich. Fresh, crispy and delicious bread on the flight!!" Cons: "The food and service was better than that of American airlines, but no comparison to food and service of any Asian airlines (including Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, Japan Airlines, ANA, Korean Airlines). The Edelweiss brand is too much based on outdated stereotypes and Heidiland. Nobody in Switzerland walks around dressed and make-uped like the stewardesses of Edelweiss air." Pros: "The crew was very friendly. The plane was very quiet (except for noisy crying babies)." Cons: "Unless you can afford the higher priced "comfort class" or first class seats, the seating is very, very cramped on Delta's 757s. It's a good thing the flight was only 5+ hours (but that's not long enough to get any decent amount of sleep on this flight scheduled as a redeye)." Pros: "non stop flight" Cons: "Crowded, small plane. No air after people had boarded while fuel was being replenished (dangerous?), sitting at gate for 20minutes. This, after a 2 hour delay. Then a rough landing in Minneapolis- plane brakes sharply and suddenly, shuddered to a taxi rate of speed. simple snacks, not very good." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Worse experience ever, flight delayed, lost connection, many hours in phone trying to fixed and anyway lost the flight, spent so many time at the airport with the front desk so disappointed" Cons: "You guys didn't allow me to get in this plane and i missed my flight." Pros: "The only thing I liked about the experience and flight was the Delta Sky Club" Cons: "Everything" Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Cons: "Plane had to divert from Salt-Lake City due to a storm. My son 17 years old traveling alone once in Salt-Lake City should have been given priority for an overnight stay instead of sleeping on an airport bench! Dinner + Breakfast vouchers would also have been nice compared to the 15$ food voucher..." Pros: "The on board food was amazing, nothing like I’d ever had on a plane before. I was also pleased with the choices for entertainment." Cons: "The seat was not comfortable in economy. I could not sleep and there were no air vents. Every time I tried to rest my head on the seat in front of me the screen would turn on and get super hot. I wish there was a cover or something you could turn the screen completely off." Pros: "The flight attendants were amazing. 12 people had a connecting flight and they brought a shuttle bus. You dont see that kind of service any more 10 stars for that" Cons: "Super small plane." Pros: "The overall experience on the flight was quite pleasing. The flight crew created a warm atmosphere on what was a very cold morning. Seating was not the most comfortable but the wasn't unbearable." Cons: "Delta should have a better food menu for those early flights unless the motive is to encourage everyone to eat an organic and wholesome meal prior to boarding, something we all should be doing." Pros: "Everything about the United Airlines portion of the trip was terrific: lots of food & drinks; good entertainment system; good seats even in economy. United really stepped up their game." Cons: "The seats on the Austria Airlines portion of the trip were very close together & very minimally structured (little padding, depth etc.)" Pros: "For short flight the seats are ok with space for the legs" Cons: "The flight was 30 minutes delayed" Pros: "The flight attendants where good and welcoming" Cons: "Seats are not comfortable and there us not enough seats space (to narrow to tight), no entertainment system at all, no power outlets to charge phone / tablet etc. it’s almost 2020, airplanes must include those elements as standard." Pros: "Fast flight , friendly staff , ok food" Cons: "I couldn’t push my seat back and because of that I was awake the whole flight (night flight)" Pros: "Luggage came extremely quickly" Cons: "We upgraded to business and paid way more than the flight over and the service was much worse. Food wasn’t as good and not nearly as much." Pros: "Check in at gate easy and boarding on time. Equipment seemed modern and in good condition." Cons: "Seats seemed smaller and more narrow than usual. Food in economy terrible. Entertainment program available but crew did not offer earphones needed to use programs." Pros: "Movie selection was good." Cons: "I could not reserve seats via Kayak, through whom the flight was booked. I paid extra for seat reservations, about $30 for a plain economy seats, to Austrian Airlines." Cons: "Lufthansa’s/Austrian Airlines’s idea of a ‘snack’ is a pathetic little bag of sugar and chemicals that no one should have to be offered, even if it comes for free. Hugely disappointed. Flight attendants not attentive enough, and it took forever for the flight attendant to come after I’ve pressed the call button. Overall impression: meh! First time flying Austrian, but next time I’ll probably book with their competitors if prices are similar." Cons: "They lost my bag and refused to deliver it to my house once it was found. It is still at the airport" Pros: "We ended up being rebooked from Austria near to Egyptian air on route to Cairo. This was the best thing that could’ve happened as Austrian air was inferior. Egyptian error on the other hand had very gracious staff, very comfortable seating, and while the food was average it was better than Austrian air" Cons: "We ended up being rebooked from Austria near to Egyptian air on route to Cairo. This was the best thing that could’ve happened as Austrian air was inferior. Egyptian error on the other hand had very gracious staff, very comfortable seating, and while the food was average it was better than Austrian air" It never happened. How could you ask me to write a review of something you are not aware of never happened???? Bread stale. Croissant stale. Person behind me was kicking me throughout flight. Boarding slow. Plane was very delayed. US agents unhelpful in connection flt and in seating. No real info given on delay. So many minor delays, very little communication, and what there was, we couldn't even hear in the first place. Cons: "Boarding was slow but they had increased number of wheelchair clients. Not their fault but was a known so the process could have been started earlier." Pros: "Service was good. Flight attendants were friendly" Cons: "The departure area at terminal 1 YYZ was crowded and not the most comfortable experience" Cons: "Not much legroom and no tv’s on a 10-hour flight" Pros: "everything from the boarding and check-in process to in flight comfort." Pros: "I liked that we got served a lot of snacks and food :)" Cons: "Nothing honestly! Smooth flight :)" Pros: "Smooth boarding." Cons: "The cramped seats, not a lot legroom and people complained once you reclined." I had checked in online the day before but was instructed to collect our boarding passes when we arrived. I am not completely comfortable using the automated Kiosks and always enjoy the nostalgia of speaking with someone when checking in for a flight. Upon doing so however, we were immediately asked,"did you check in online already?" To which I replied, "yes, but we were asked to retrieve our boarding passes upon arrival." She then said, "that's what those machines over there are for. We really encourage people to use those." That unfortunately sparked a series of shortness and overall poor behavior in my opinion from the woman who checked us in. I understand it was early in the morning but I am always excited to experience flying and that interaction has unfortunately left a bitter taste in my mouth to the point I will forever now hesitate to book with Porter again. Thank you for taking the time to read this. Cheers, JD Everything was fantastic, by far the best airline experience in Canada 🇨🇦! Unlike our porter connection this was great , smooth 2minutes at check in not 90 mins Food wasn’t great but it’s plane food , staff were great Cons: "The crew could have checked us in...we were 5 minutes late for checkin and had to book and pay for another flight." Cons: "The crew could have checked us in...we were 5 minutes late and had to book and pay for new tickets." Pros: "Convenient! Love flying to Toronto on Porter. Nice glassware for drinks. Unique feel. Will definitely fly again!" Pros: "Very polite" Cons: "Nothing. This’s my first trip with Porter. Excellent in everything." Pros: "Crew was lovely." Cons: "New no carry on bags rule was not clear at purchase. Was very frustrating." Cons: "Scary take-off and landing. That's what you get when flying in the worst storm of the winter though." Cons: "Couldn't figure out my frequent flier number and the call-in centre wanted me to wait for some crazy amount of time to figure it out. Kind of insulting." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Porter Airlines7.7 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Lisbon Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Lisbon found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 11/3Mon 1 stop 16h 15mYYZ-LIS C$ 260 Search 1/5Wed 1 stopAzores Airlines 15h 20mYYZ-LIS C$ 262 Search 5/12Tue 1 stopAir Transat 27h 50mYYZ-LIS C$ 318 Search 5/12Tue directAir Transat 6h 55mYYZ-LIS C$ 323 Search 17/4Wed directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 7h 05mYYZ-LIS C$ 389 Search 10/12Sun directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 7h 05mYYZ-LIS C$ 432 Search 6/12Wed directLufthansa 7h 20mYYZ-LIS C$ 569 Search 30/4Tue 1 stopAir Canada 27h 50mYYZ-LIS C$ 593 Search 19/3Tue 2 stopsLufthansa 19h 10mYYZ-LIS C$ 606 Search 22/5Wed 2 stopsAir Canada 15h 10mYYZ-LIS C$ 644 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAzores AirlinesAir TransatTAP AIR PORTUGALLufthansaAir Canada Search by priceC$ 260 or lessC$ 320 or lessC$ 430 or lessC$ 590 or lessC$ 640 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to Lisbon Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Lisbon that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Transat 27h 50mYYZ-LIS 11/12Mon multi-stopAir Transat 28h 46mLIS-YYZ C$ 352 Search 5/12Tue directAir Transat 6h 55mYYZ-LIS 11/12Mon multi-stopAir Transat 28h 46mLIS-YYZ C$ 353 Search 2/12Sat directAir Transat 6h 55mYYZ-LIS 6/12Wed directAir Transat 8h 35mLIS-YYZ C$ 363 Search 5/12Tue directAir Transat 6h 55mYYZ-LIS 6/12Wed directAir Transat 8h 35mLIS-YYZ C$ 364 Search 5/12Tue directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 7h 05mYYZ-LIS 11/12Mon directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 8h 35mLIS-YYZ C$ 396 Search 4/12Mon directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 7h 05mYYZ-LIS 8/12Fri directTAP AIR PORTUGAL 8h 30mLIS-YYZ C$ 397 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAzores Airlines 9h 45mYYZ-LIS 6/12Wed multi-stopAzores Airlines 31h 00mLIS-YYZ C$ 555 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAzores Airlines 9h 45mYYZ-LIS 4/12Mon multi-stopAzores Airlines 26h 35mLIS-YYZ C$ 558 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 13h 55mYYZ-LIS 12/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 20h 36mLIS-YYZ C$ 1,083 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAir Canada 27h 20mYYZ-LIS 11/12Mon directAir Canada 8h 35mLIS-YYZ C$ 1,107 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir TransatTAP AIR PORTUGALAzores AirlinesLufthansaAir Canada Search by priceC$ 350 or lessC$ 360 or lessC$ 400 or lessC$ 560 or lessC$ 1,110 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - Lisbon Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Destination: Lisbon (LIS)Portugal Return flight deals: Lisbon - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Lisbon C$ 3,081 Business Class flights to Lisbon C$ 1,549 Prem Econ Class flights to Lisbon C$ 696 Economy Class flights to Lisbon Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 468Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Lisbon Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Portugal » Lisbon C$ 468Flights to Lisbon, Lisbon Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Lisbon flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Lisbon from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Lisbon from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.