Cheap Flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles from $42 | (PHL - LAX) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW PHL - LAX Find cheap flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles from $42 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Los Angeles These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Philadelphia to Los Angeles. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Philadelphia to Los Angeles. How much is the cheapest flight from Philadelphia to Los Angeles?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:25 pm - 10:45 pmPHL-LAX 8h 20m1 stop 9:10 pm - 8:59 amLAX-PHL 8h 49m1 stop $82Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 11:59 am - 8:48 amPHL-LAX 23h 49m1 stop 10:58 am - 7:03 pmLAX-PHL 5h 05mnonstop $86Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 2 - Sat, Feb 3 3:43 pm - 12:53 amPHL-LAX 12h 10m1 stop 6:00 am - 7:33 pmLAX-PHL 10h 33m1 stop $91Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 23 7:55 am - 11:00 amPHL-LAX 6h 05mnonstop 9:10 pm - 8:59 amLAX-PHL 8h 49m1 stop $105Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 5:25 pm - 10:45 pmPHL-LAX 8h 20m1 stop 9:10 pm - 8:59 amLAX-PHL 8h 49m1 stop $117Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 12:10 pm - 3:26 pmPHL-LAX 6h 16mnonstop 9:02 pm - 8:59 amLAX-PHL 8h 57m1 stop $130Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Feb 10 - Sat, Feb 10 11:32 am - 7:37 pmPHL-LAX 11h 05m1 stop 8:14 am - 6:31 pmLAX-PHL 7h 17m1 stop $133Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Wed, Feb 21 5:25 pm - 8:55 amPHL-LAX 18h 30m1 stop 9:10 pm - 8:59 amLAX-PHL 8h 49m1 stop $134Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Tue, Jan 9 5:25 pm - 8:55 amPHL-LAX 18h 30m1 stop 5:15 pm - 12:30 pmLAX-PHL 16h 15m1 stop $136 Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Sun, Dec 17 6:00 am - 1:49 pmPHL-LAX 10h 49m1 stop 7:55 am - 9:18 pmLAX-PHL 10h 23m1 stop $227JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Wed, Feb 7 Show more results Flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? The average price of all flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Los Angeles on a Wednesday and more expensive on a Sunday. On your return trip to Philadelphia, you should consider flying back on a Wednesday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles is February, where tickets cost $239 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $479 and $453 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Philadelphia to Los Angeles, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 37 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Philadelphia to Los Angeles were found on Spirit Airlines ($82) and JetBlue ($227). Spirit Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $42. Which airlines fly non-stop between Philadelphia and Los Angeles? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Philadelphia to Los Angeles. They are American Airlines and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is Spirit Airlines, with the best one-way deal found costing $129. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Philadelphia and Los Angeles per day? Each day, there are between 5 and 7 nonstop flights that take off from Philadelphia and land in Los Angeles, with an average flight time of 6h 04m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 42 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Philadelphia and Los Angeles? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Philadelphia to Los Angeles take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Los Angeles from Philadelphia is typically 5h 41m. The journey crosses a distance of 2,395 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Philadelphia at 7:55 am and will be landing in Los Angeles at 11:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Philadelphia to Los Angeles jets off at 6:47 pm and lands at 10:00 pm. Good to know Low season September High season December Cheapest flight $42 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 17% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 28% increase in price. Flight from Philadelphia to Los Angeles When to book flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Philadelphia to Los Angeles based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles What is the best way to get to PHL from downtown Philadelphia? Downtown Philadelphia and Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) sit about 10 miles from each other. From the city center of Philadelphia, hop onto an AMTRAK train at the 30th Street Station, then take a SEPTA City Train PHL. The alternative is to take a Regional Rail Lines from their terminal behind CHOP’s Philadelphia Campus to PHL, at no cost. Which hotels are near Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)? Travelers scheduled to arrive late at LAX should book a room adjacent to the airport. Holiday Inn Express Los Angeles - Lax Airport and Hyatt Regency Los Angeles International Airport are some of the recommended hotels near this facility. They both offer courtesy shuttle services to and from the airport. How can travelers get to the Disneyland Resort from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)? Disneyland Resort and LAX are around 33.9 miles apart, and a Metro Express Line 460 bus offers a cheaper option to commute between the two destinations, with a travel time of about 2h. Still, a taxi is a quicker way to get there, with a travel time of about 38min, but it's more expensive. Are there car rentals from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to downtown Los Angeles? Several car rental companies operate their counters in parking lot C at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). Upon arrival at the airport, take a free shuttle service from your terminal building to the car rental garage. Still, you can take advantage of the free telephone services in the terminal to connect with the rental companies. Consider making early reservations to enjoy cheaper rates. Does Philadelphia International Airport have a business center? Philadelphia International Airport has a UPS store that can be found in the Terminal A/B walkway. This store is open during normal airport hours and offers many business-oriented services including copying, faxing, shipping supplies, a notary, and workstations that can be used by travelers. What shops are there at Philadelphia International Airport? Explore Philadelphia is a souvenir shop in Terminal A of Philadelphia International Airport that sells t-shirt, postcards, and keychains, while Occitane is in between Terminals B and C and sells luxury French skincare products. Solstice is another popular boutique that is found in Terminal F and sells sunglasses. What is the best way to travel from Los Angeles International Airport to Santa Monica? If you are planning on going to Santa Monica after your flight has landed at Los Angeles International Airport, take the LAX FlyAway. This bus has stops in Santa Monica, Van Nuys, and Westwood, and one-way tickets only cost $8, with no reservation necessary. Which hotels have a free shuttle service to Los Angeles International Airport? For those interested in budget-friendly lodging, book a room at the Super 8 Los Angeles Airport, a hotel that is less than 1m from Los Angeles International Airport and a 13m drive from Venice Beach. If you would like to be in a chic hotel, select the Embassy Suites by Hilton LAX North, which is a 5m drive from the airport and just under 4 mi from the closest beach. Do I need a passport to fly between Philadelphia and Los Angeles? A passport is not required to fly from Philadelphia to Los Angeles. Which airports will I be using when flying from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? Philadelphia and Los Angeles are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Philadelphia from Philadelphia and will be arriving at Los Angeles. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Spirit Airlines, Delta, and JetBlue offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Philadelphia to Los Angeles flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? The Airbus A321neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Philadelphia to Los Angeles flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between Philadelphia and Los Angeles. On which days can I fly direct from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? There are nonstop flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles, JetBlue or Sun Country Air? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles are JetBlue and Sun Country Air. With an average price for the route of $386 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Sun Country Air is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $439 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Los Angeles from Philadelphia is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Los Angeles with an airline and back to Philadelphia with another airline. Booking your flights between Philadelphia and LAX can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Los Angeles from Philadelphia up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from PHL to Los Angeles Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $141 or less one-way and $280 or less round-trip. Travelers can enjoy numerous VIP clubs and lounges at Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) operated by different airlines. Some of the clubs include The American Express Centurion Lounge and American Airlines - Admirals Club. Typically, access is restricted to members only and those holding registered cards. However, economy class travelers can access the lounges after paying for a day pass. Travelers with disabilities and persons with limited mobility will receive the necessary assistance at PHL. Various airlines and agencies offer these to the affected travelers. Services include sighted guides, electric carts and wheelchairs. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) program provides dedicated staff to guide you as you transition through security checks and toilets and when boarding. Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) has designated rooms for lactating and nursing mothers. These facilities are found on the secure-side walkway between Terminals B and A-East. Moms with babies can pump and breastfeed in privacy. Still, the rooms have sinks, comfortable seats and electrical sockets. If you have a scheduled flight in the early morning, it may be prudent to plan to spend a night in one of the several hotels near PHL. Usually, these hotels offer courtesy cars to ferry you to the airport terminal to catch your flight in time. Concerned travelers should pass a night at the Sheraton Suites Philadelphia Airport to avoid a last-minute rush. If you need to recharge your wallet after arriving at Los Angeles International Airport, you’ll have several ATMs to choose from. There is an ATM located at Tom Bradley International Terminal by gate 130. To save money during your trip, look for flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles that are serviced by Spirit Airlines. If you would rather limit your travel time and only have a nonstop flight, make your reservation with either Alaska or American Airlines. For travelers in the military, pay a visit to the USO Lounge in Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) while waiting for your flight from Philadelphia to Los Angeles to board. This lounge is in the east wing of Terminal A and contains a play area, televisions, showers, snacks, and drinks. If you need a way to pass the time before your flight leaves, browse through Philadelphia International Airport’s Free Digital Library. Once you create an account, you will be able to download a large selection of movies, magazines, and podcasts, all of which you can enjoy during your flight. Will you be traveling with a service animal or a furry friend? Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) conveniently provides an indoor animal relief zone in every terminal, and there are outdoor areas next to Terminals 5 and 6. Complete with fresh water, synthetic grass, and trash cans, these zones are a convenient place for your animal to stretch its legs. If you are a nursing mother, there are designated breastfeeding rooms you can access in each terminal of Los Angeles International Airport. Every one of these rooms has a comfortable rocking chair, a changing table, running water, outlets, and a secure lock that will ensure that you can take care of your baby in private. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? Find which airlines fly direct from Philadelphia to Los Angeles, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Philadelphia to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +8 more 6 7 Friday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Los Angeles to Philadelphia Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +6 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +7 more 5 6 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +6 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +7 more 5 6 Friday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, American Airlines, +6 more Aer Lingus, Air Tahiti Nui, +7 more 5 6 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Philadelphia to Los Angeles See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Philadelphia to Los Angeles. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Philadelphia to Los Angeles? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19620 reviews 83boarding 82comfort 86crew 79entertainment 82overall 78food Airline reviews Pros: "Friendly crew. Roomy Sears." Cons: "WiFi did not work, no food offerings (even for purchase) on a 6+hr flight, and there were no headphones to watch movies."Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Friendly crew. Roomy Sears." Cons: "WiFi did not work, no food offerings (even for purchase) on a 6+hr flight, and there were no headphones to watch movies." Pros: "Just overall solid experience, especially considering how terrible other airlines have become" Cons: "Although the space around the seat is acceptable, the seats bottoms are horrible. It feels like sitting on a bench seat. It really needs more cushion." Cons: "The flight was bumpy but I think the pilot did all he could" Cons: "More complimentary food options given it’s a 6 and a half hour flight." Pros: "The colors" Cons: "THERE ARE ONLY 1-2 STAFF MEMEBRS AT TERMINAL 5 JFK (busiest ailier in the world) for 309+ passengers an hour that’s not enough. I booked with you guys and paid extra money for worthless travels, but no. Never again with JetBlue" Cons: "My main comment is that the wi-fi didn't work for all passengers. One of the reasons I flew this airline was because they promise reliable wi-fi on the flight and despite multiple attempts to troubleshoot, it never worked." Cons: "Gary was his name. I went up to go to the bathroom, I had heard the announcement prior to that and no one had mentioned anything about seatbelts or staying in my seat. I made sure before I got up. As I get up he approaches me and said "you need to stay in your seat, began to shake his head,"they mentioned it like 5 times", he then said. I really dont appreciate the attitude. It's not what you say it's how you say it. Work on your attitude Gary from JetBlue" Pros: "Easy going boarding, easy going staff, excellent amenities with personal large size video screen, elegant cabin with cool blue light and with accessible self-serving snacks and drinks and just overall very clean modern plane" Cons: "All the other airlines" Pros: "Studios were nice." Cons: "Was expecting to buy a meal and only could purchase the snacks. Movie screen is very out dated." Pros: "The seats are not comfortable at all. The tickets that we bought promised a USB port and there were none. And oddly enough, everything around me was very sticky. The seat, the seat in front of me, the window.. it was an overall uncomfortable flight" Cons: "At least one USB port per seat would’ve been nice. The WiFi was so slow that I couldn’t even send an email. And maybe the seats could’ve been wiped down a bit." Cons: "Didn’t enjoy the flight at all. Seats were uncomfortable, staff looked somewhat unkept and were gossiping loudly in the back during the flight. Snacks were not provided, only one drink for the entire flight. I will not be using Sun Country again." Cons: "Cramped seating, limited overhead bin space, mediocre experience. Next time I’ll spend the extra money and fly Delta." Pros: "On-line entertainment was ok. It would have been better if they could notify you more clearly in advance about how to download the information you need and to let you know that earphones are not provided." Cons: "Seats were uncomfortable. Flight attendants were not particularly service oriented. For example, when I asked for a glass of water the flight attendant sighed and then got it. So, the result was fine but the manner was not friendly." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Everything ! Internet wasn’t working and the charging port didn’t work" Pros: "Flight was on-time." Cons: "Check in crew were robotic, lacked enthusiasm. Is management competent? Are they leading, or directing? There is a difference, and one is more effective than the other. If morale is low, if employee satisfaction is low on what is visible to the passengers; then I wonder about what passengers don't see: maintenance crews, safety, quality assurance. I heard lots of grumblings from other passengers about bag policy. Provide first class service to your employees, and they will provide first-class service to your customers." Pros: "The crew was friendly. It was a direct flight. We arrived on time." Cons: "You charge fees to pick a seat! You charge fees to bring a bag! I already paid for the flight! How greedy can you get?" Pros: "The crew was really nice" Cons: "The flight was very bumpy and the landing was horrible." Pros: "The crew on the ground and sky were amazing. Everyone i talked to was kind and understanding while dealing with a difficult situation." Cons: "Ultimately, sun country could of communicated better all around. Was not informed that the flight was delayed until I checked into airport/ even though we were told that the airline knew that the plane was late “all day.” Arrived for a 3:50 flight and did not take off till after 9. Furthermore, there was limited communication regarding when we would actually take off. Checking-in I was informed boarding would start at “6:40” and then we did not board until 830-9." Pros: "Excellent customer service" Cons: "Being given new seats even though we had to pay extra to get them in the first place. Being charged for luggage when the website wasn’t clear about this matter." Pros: "We didn’t crash" Cons: "Customer service . Better baggage service , hot food , non canceled flights" Pros: "On time departure from PHL and on time arrival in LAX." Cons: "This was an older Airbus A321 with no power outlets at the seats and no video screens on the back of seats. As an Executive level Advantage member, I felt that I received no special recognition from onboard flight staff; they did the minimum as scripted." Pros: "Cabin kept dark for majority of flight, good for sleep." Cons: "More Main Cabin Extra searing. Besides bulkhead and exit rows, no Main Cabin Extra seating. No power outlets (again) for mobile phones. It’s just unacceptable this day and age with the use of handhelds for in-flight entertainment." Pros: "Everything was about average, nothing amazing, nothing bad" Cons: "The WiFi could have worked better not have been so expensive" Pros: "Entertainment availability for free" Cons: "Chargers so we could watch free movies or screens to watch movies on instead of our own device" Cons: "Still on plane an hour after arrival waiting for a bus to take us to terminal." Pros: "Comfortable bulkhead seats tho talk husband didn't have enough room for his feet." Cons: "No power outlets!" Pros: "Not much" Cons: "Duck tape holding up oxygen mask compartment 1 row behind us. Cabin entertainment monitor was missing a 3rd of the display and only one headphone jack in our row worked. Thankfully, we brought a splitter. We will never book an American Flight again. Aer Lingus was STELLAR. No comparison." Pros: "The boarding agent and flight attendants were on, although the flight attendants didn’t do a second drink service on a six-hour flight out of laziness but blamed turbulence. (There were 2 hours after the turbulence with fasten seatbelt signs off.)" Cons: "No in-flight entertainment except on your own device. No power, ensuring your device will die on a long flight. The old US Airways fleet from the Northeast is awful. And the lazy flight attendants didn’t do a second drink service." Pros: "Landed early and safe. Crew was nice and comfort was okay" Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Very organized" Cons: "No issues, I found value for the amount I paid for my flight" Cons: "Service for people not able to sleep on the long haul" Cons: "Can’t charge devices. Have to pay for watching movies. Pay for suitcase!" Pros: "Everything! The flight left on time and landed early. Service was great and the staff was super." Pros: "Clean aircraft, swift flight" Cons: "Seat was changed to last row/middle seat (not what initially booked or confirmed with online check-in). Before takeoff, attendant moved all passengers in back row to alternate seats. Which meant that I was no longer traveling with my colleague. Unfortunately, that made our intended meeting time impossible." Cons: "One member of the crew was rude, advise if you dislike your job quit and find another!" Pros: "The flight was delayed, but once I got on I had a great flight!" Cons: "It would have been helpful if hanging a garment bag were available, which was the case on my return flights to DC on American Airlines." Pros: "It was my first time flying United Airlines and I was satisfied with the service. I would definitely recommend this airline. Everyone was very courteous and available to answer questions." Pros: "Efficient" Cons: "Flight there was ok. I'm 6ft 3 and have some weight to me but I've never had a problem being able to fit in a seat before. Not even close! The Boeing 737 we rode on the way back home was THE most uncomfortable 3 hours ever. I saw other customers "getting up to go to the bathroom" to stretch and get out of these seats. They were so small, so cramped and the leg room is the worst I've ever had! Hey United, instead of upgrading your older planes to have tv's in all the head rests (which costs money anyways) why don't you retrofit them to have liveable if not comfortable seats/legroom. Absolutely terrible. Considering never flying United again after that flight. I thought longer flights usually get bigger planes with more slightly more comfortable sitting accommodations. Caved and got one of the food boxes....bleh. Just bleh. Supposed to have smoked gouda spread. Tasted like those pretzel and cheese snacks that you give your kids for lunch." Pros: "Quick boarding, smooth ride" Cons: "No entertainment or food or drink service on a 6 hour flight" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I apparently bought my plane ticket for a month before I needed it. They sent me a confirmation immediately, but I didn’t catch the mistake. They did not send me any upcoming flight reminders or check-in info, so I didn’t realize until after the paid-for flight had passed that I had made a mistake. At that point the ticket was “100% non-refundable” and they refused to help me in any way." Pros: "The crew was upbeat and helpful" Cons: "The seat would not recline, but I did not pay for a seat upgrade. Departure was delayed, then fluctuated. Perhaps not Spirit's fault" Pros: "This flight had more legroom than ANY flight that I had taken in years. I'm not sure if I just got lucky and landed in an upgraded seat or if that is standard on that plane, but it was great! This crew was also one of the best I have encountered. The cabin was very cold, but as soon as I asked the attendant to turn up the heat, she happily did, and I was more comfortable. She then came back to check on me to make sure I was better. Then... when I was going into the bathroom to brush my teeth, she stopped me and insisted that I take take the fresh, unused portion of a water bottle to use-- so as not to rely on the "plane" water. I would never had thought of such a thing-- but she was right, and for that, I was safer and more comfortable. Both attendants were also immediately at the ready with unlimited hand sanitizer after my bathroom experience. These kinds of things show me that they were pre-prepared to go above and beyond for my comfort and well being-- that is RARE in the airline industry, and I definitely appreciated those extra steps. Please look up their names from my itinerary, and give them the credit they deserve!!! All of my gate attendants were great too." Cons: "Both of my flights that day were late, but honestly, I do believe that was due to the weather--- so I was not upset. The HARD sales pitch for bags and extras was excessive. There was no food or entertainment, so that's why I gave them a 1" Cons: "The seats were tiny, extremely uncomfortable and didn't recline. The flight was delayed at both airports . It was just a terrible experience." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "My flight was delayed twice causing me to arrive late, the service was awful and the seats were uncomfortable. I will never fly with spirit airlines again." Cons: "They should call themselves cheap airlines cause they charge for everything! no free water! planning on having a purse and a backpack as a carryon? they charge you!" Pros: "The flight attendant was at least comical" Cons: "First off while checking in the spirit attendant would not leave me alone, insisting that she work the kiosk for me (2 of which malfunctioned btw). I soon found out why she was so helpful, BECAUSE SHE WANTED ME TO CHECK MY BAG. A single bag that I have never needed to check before that fits fine under the seat. 50 bucks at ta the gate. Thanks. Second, why does water cost money? On a five hour flight there should at least be a complimentary water. I dont need pristine filtered bottled, just anything. Even the stuff that they use for coffee or noodle cups would do. But I guess thats why they're so expensive too. Listen, I get the whole "flying is actually really expensive" and "We're a business" blah blah blah... but when you begrudge someone a cup of water, stuff them in uncomfortable seats and call common decency an upgrade I have trouble believing that spirit is in it for anyone's best interest other than themselves . And as their incessant sales pitch at the end of every flight tells me "There are a lot of choices when it comes to flying". And after their "helpful" clerked shanghaid my luggage and cost me 50 bucks, I'll take my chances being beaten and dragged off of other airlines. At least I'll get a free soda out of them." Cons: "they cancelled the flight, because their pilots refused to fly the OT. THEN THEY WAITED TOO LONG TO FIND TO INFORM US, SO WE HAD TO STAY ANOTHER NIGHT" Cons: "I had to cancel my flight. But Spirit airlines has yet to inform me of any fee or reimbursement. I have basically lost all of my money and no one from the company has responded to my inquiries. Is there anything you can do to help? I use Kayak all the time and love your service. But I will never book with Spirit again." JetBlue8.1 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Philadelphia to Los Angeles found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/9Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 20mPHL-LAX $42 Search 2/14Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 11h 05mPHL-LAX $43 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 7h 40mPHL-LAX $46 Search 12/13Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 02mPHL-LAX $165 Search 3/14Thu 1 stopJetBlue 8h 33mPHL-LAX $183 Search 12/6Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 02mPHL-LAX $185 Search 5/24Fri 1 stopSun Country Air 25h 23mPHL-LAX $223 Search 12/14Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 11h 58mPHL-LAX $229 Search 2/14Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 26h 06mPHL-LAX $239 Search 3/10Sun 1 stopJetBlue 12h 38mPHL-LAX $244 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesJetBlueSun Country AirUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$170 or less$190 or less$230 or less$240 or less Last minute flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stop 27h 05mPHL-LAX 12/8Fri multi-stop 26h 27mLAX-PHL $168 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 11h 28mPHL-LAX 12/12Tue multi-stop 16h 41mLAX-PHL $170 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 28mPHL-LAX 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 58mLAX-PHL $197 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 28mPHL-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 02mLAX-PHL $206 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 18h 23mPHL-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 48mLAX-PHL $568 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 02mPHL-LAX 12/12Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 01mLAX-PHL $671 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 16h 30mPHL-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 48mLAX-PHL $672 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 03mPHL-LAX 12/8Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 01mLAX-PHL $721 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 10h 40mPHL-LAX 4/29Mon multi-stopDelta 6h 44mLAX-PHL $775 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 10h 39mPHL-LAX 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 8h 36mLAX-PHL $1,231 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$170 or less$210 or less$670 or less$720 or less$1,230 or less Philadelphia - Los Angeles Flights Departure: Philadelphia (PHL)United States Destination: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Los Angeles - Philadelphia Cabin classes: $1,473 First Class flights to Los Angeles $1,656 Business Class flights to Los Angeles $1,634 Prem Econ Class flights to Los Angeles $168 Economy Class flights to Los Angeles Browse origins: Flights » United States » Pennsylvania » Philadelphia $86Flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » Los Angeles $86Flights to Los Angeles, Los Angeles Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Los Angeles flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Los Angeles from Philadelphia. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Los Angeles from Philadelphia. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.