Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to Athens from $304 | (ORD - ATH) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ORD - ATH Find cheap flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens from $304 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Athens These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Athens. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Athens. How much is the cheapest flight from O'Hare Intl to Athens?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from O'Hare Intl to Athens that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:45 pm - 1:25 pmORD-ATH 31h 40m1 stop 8:20 pm - 6:05 pmATH-ORD 29h 45m1 stop $427Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Sat, Mar 2 - Sat, Mar 9 4:00 pm - 11:40 amORD-ATH 59h 40m2 stops 6:00 pm - 12:20 pmATH-ORD 26h 20m2 stops $446Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Mon, Apr 8 - Tue, Apr 16 4:00 pm - 5:10 pmORD-ATH 17h 10m2 stops 6:00 pm - 12:20 pmATH-ORD 26h 20m2 stops $454Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Mon, Apr 8 - Tue, Apr 16 6:30 pm - 1:25 amORD-ATH 22h 55m1 stop 8:00 am - 4:05 pmATH-ORD 16h 05m1 stop $534British Airways Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Sun, Feb 4 6:25 pm - 10:00 pmORD-ATH 19h 35m2 stops 8:00 am - 7:15 pmATH-ORD 19h 15m1 stop $537British Airways Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Sun, Feb 11 6:00 pm - 12:50 amORD-ATH 22h 50m1 stop 12:55 pm - 6:25 pmATH-ORD 13h 30m1 stop $541United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Thu, Dec 21 3:55 pm - 1:50 pmORD-ATH 13h 55m1 stop 2:15 pm - 7:35 pmATH-ORD 13h 20m1 stop $545United Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Thu, Dec 21 6:24 pm - 9:25 pmORD-ATH 19h 01m2 stops 8:00 pm - 5:05 pmATH-ORD 28h 05m1 stop $587American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Tue, Mar 12 8:40 pm - 8:15 pmORD-ATH 15h 35m1 stop 3:50 am - 9:40 amATH-ORD 13h 50m1 stop $621Turkish Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 9 - Wed, Apr 24 8:30 pm - 8:15 pmORD-ATH 15h 45m1 stop 3:20 pm - 10:55 amATH-ORD 26h 35m1 stop $651Turkish Airlines Find Deal Thu, Mar 7 - Thu, Mar 14 Show more results Flights from O'Hare Intl to Athens - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from O'Hare Intl to Athens to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Athens? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Athens is February, where tickets cost $725 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,745 and $1,662 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Athens? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Athens, you should book around 1 day before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 71 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, KLM offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $397. KAYAK users also found Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens round-trip flights on Scandinavian Airlines from $427 and on ITA Airways from $530. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Athens? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens take? There are no direct flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens. The quickest journey takes 12h 15m. Good to know Low season December High season July Cheapest flight $304 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 6% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 50% increase in price. Flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens When to book flights from O'Hare Intl to Athens Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from O'Hare Intl to Athens based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens flights What is the best mode of transport to the city center from ATH airport? Taking a cab from the Athens airport into the city center is without a doubt the mode of transportation that is both the quickest and most convenient. Taxis are easily accessible outside of the terminal that houses the arrivals area, and the ride into the heart of the city takes about 25min. Are there rental cars at ATH airport? Athens International Airport is home to a number of different automobile rental agencies, some of which include Avis, Budget, and Europcar. Car rental agencies may be found on the level of the Main Terminal Building that is designated for Arrivals. Are there parking services at O’Hare International Airport? At O'Hare International Airport, passengers may choose from a variety of parking alternatives, including valet service, hourly and daily parking, as well as long-term and economical parking options. At O'Hare International Airport, you have the option of parking in the main garage. Are there hotels near or inside the O’Hare Airport? Yes, there are hotels close to the airport. The Hilton Chicago O'Hare Airport Hotel is situated just across from Terminals 1, 2, and 3, and is accessible by subterranean walkways and the Airport Transit System from all domestic terminals and the international terminal. A convenient indoor corridor connects the Hilton Chicago O'Hare to the CTA Blue Line, facilitating access to downtown. The hotel's health club showers are available for a nominal cost. Do I need a passport to fly between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Athens? A passport is required to fly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens? American Airlines, Finnair, and British Airways offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens? The Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens? SkyTeam, Star Alliance, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Athens, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Athens from Chicago O'Hare Airport? Istanbul is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens. Which is the best airline for flights from Chicago to Athens, SWISS or Turkish Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Chicago to Athens are SWISS and Turkish Airlines. With an average price for the route of $1,320 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Turkish Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,017 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Athens from Chicago O'Hare Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Athens with an airline and back to Chicago O'Hare Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and ATH can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Athens? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Athens from Chicago O'Hare Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ORD to Athens Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $1,335 or less one-way and $1,400 or less round-trip. Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) is the third-busiest airport in the United States in terms of passenger traffic, but it is the busiest airport in terms of aircraft operations. There are 15 lounges to accommodate waiting guests at ORD, with lounges accessible in each terminal. At O'Hare International Airport, there is a space specifically designated for nursing moms to use. The area is designed to be a peaceful haven for moms who are nursing their infants and would want to do so in privacy. It provides a pleasant lounging space in addition to a sink and a place to wash. It is situated in the vicinity of terminal 3. The Chicago O'Hare International Airport has six animal relief locations, including four outdoor spaces and two relief stations inside airport security. These conveniences are situated inside the Multi-Modal Facility and on the lower floors of Terminals 1, 2, and 5. Grass, gravel, and/or wood chips are used in these places to aid finicky animals. As with other airports, these outdoor Chicago O'Hare pet relief facilities are placed outside of security, so pet owners must pass through TSA airport screening to board their flights. Terminal 3 has both of the indoor pet relief rooms at O'Hare. At the Athens National Airport (ATH), you'll find money exchange services. ONExchange is the company that facilitates currency exchange services at the Athens International Airport. They provide a diverse selection of international currencies. At ATH airport, special assistance services are available. Ground assistance services for handicapped passengers and travelers with impaired mobility traveling to Athens International Airport are supplied by AIA's two contractors, Goldair Handling SA and Skyserv SA. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to Athens See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Chicago to Athens. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to Athens? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 77entertainment 82overall 82boarding 78comfort 79food 86crew Airline reviews Cons: "I fell sick and my doctor advised against flying. Tried calling Swiss Air and JustFly.com: 6 calls back and forth and 7 hours on hold, no help. Finally got advised on driving to the airport to make the flight change at the Swiss Air counter at O’Hare. The representative told me to bring a note from doctor to switch flights. I did the next day. The same representative looked me in the eye after advising the day before and said there’s nothing she could do. Why make an elderly sick person drive to the airport again if you know already you cannot help??Absolutely terrible experience, no help from the airline or travel agency. Total loss of the full price of the ticket."Read more about SWISS Cons: "I fell sick and my doctor advised against flying. Tried calling Swiss Air and JustFly.com: 6 calls back and forth and 7 hours on hold, no help. Finally got advised on driving to the airport to make the flight change at the Swiss Air counter at O’Hare. The representative told me to bring a note from doctor to switch flights. I did the next day. The same representative looked me in the eye after advising the day before and said there’s nothing she could do. Why make an elderly sick person drive to the airport again if you know already you cannot help??Absolutely terrible experience, no help from the airline or travel agency. Total loss of the full price of the ticket." Pros: "Movies" Cons: "Crew was rude to passengers. One passenger asked for extra bread and crew arrogantly commented , we dont give but ok take one." Pros: "Coach seats were comfortable but if the person in front of you reclines, your video screen will be inches from your face and it becomes difficult to get out of your seat." Cons: "Crew was not particularly friendly....almost downright rude at times" Pros: "Crew was great. Seats were uncomfortable. No air. It was extremely hot." Pros: "The inflight entertainment was great and helped to pass the time. The food was good for airline food." Cons: "The flight staff was just okay - they could have been friendlier. The seat cushions seemed old - they were comfortable enough for sitting but not comfortable to sleep." Pros: "Crew was attentive to passenger needs in a quiet way: without fanfare, did all possible to make it a pleasant, comfortable trip. In fact, went out of their way to get me a wheelchair ride to next flight, which I dearly needed" Cons: "First flight was delayed due to circumstances outside of airline’s control. They managed to get us there and help me with wheelchair, etc to make flight. Great service and kindness" Cons: "Chose the option with Swiss because it showed that a checked bag was included. Got to the airport and was told to pay up for each checked bag. Great start to the trip." Cons: "Leg room was really bad in economy and the only upgrade option was to business for $10,000 so of course not affordable for the average person." Cons: "When I purchased the ticket I did not know that I have to pay for my bag. It would have been nice to know about this in advance" Cons: "I had a carry-on sized bag which would have fit in the overhead compartment. I was told that it would not fit the Swiss Air compartment, thus was forced to check it at the gate. I expressed my concern that it would get lost (thus the reason I never opt to check bags) and was assured "They are very efficient in Zurich." When we arrived in Madrid, my bag was not at the carousel. I was told at Customer Service that it was on another flight, but that they could deliver it to my Airbnb between 4-7 pm. I had to wait there instead of enjoying my vacation to wait for my bag. The bag did not arrive until 10:30 pm. I did not have my clothes or belongings with me all day. Swiss Air in particular needs to update their overhead compartment regulations, as my bag definitely would have fit there, and could have avoided this entire situations." Pros: "I like that there are multiple bathrooms onboard." Cons: "The rows are so narrow between seats that your roll on suitcase will not fit. You have no elbow room in your seat. People who live in England are very rude and would not let those of us seated in front of them to deplane. Too bad there isn’t someway to make people wait their turn." Pros: "I travelled on economy delight, flight was fully packed, yet it felt spacious and comfortable. Lightning was great. Food was yummy! And pilots gave us updates on air travel, and if there were any delays etc." Cons: "Nothing. Had a great trip!" Cons: "We are a little hard of hearing. It was hard to hear the attendant when giving directions over the intercom. The speech was garbled and directions spoken too fast. I am not referring to the safety speech. Recommend slowing down so that we have more time to process what was spoken." Pros: "Decent crew, nice snacks." Cons: "Wifi shonky - didn’t work most of the way. Entertainment app didn’t work. Lengthy delay." Pros: "Crew was nice" Cons: "Screens have poor color quality Seat too small Legroom cut into by electronics box Row 45 next to bathroom and no windows" Pros: "The food was good. The lane was comfortable" Cons: "The flight was nearly full, and the 767 is a large aircraft. I think it would be preferable if Virgin Atlantic would board the plane by zones, similar to other airlines." Pros: "Crew was great. Flight was on time and crew helped the boarding process go smoothly. It was nice to get a beer or wine at no additional cost." Cons: "Seat was shockingly small, even for economy class. TV was poor quality." Pros: "Boarding process was very efficient and crew was very pleasant and helpful. Seats were reasonable for economy." Cons: "Meals were very small but tasty. Movie options were random but enough to keep you occupied." Pros: "The crew were informative and friendly and attentive. We fly often and the food on this flight was the best we have had in a very long time, and we weren’t even expecting any. Thank you for a great flight Virgin ," Cons: "Long walk to the gate but no problem" Pros: "Everything except the food" Cons: "The food is atrocious. Even if I have to pay to upgrade my meal, I would..." Delta airlines charge $ 30,oo US DOLLARS for the check in for a suitcase in the baggage hold Pros: "Kosher snacks! Thank you. Screens and outlets at every seat. Safe, controlled Covid protocols including de-boarding. Excellent!" Pros: "Delta flight took extra precaution to keep all passengers safe before during and after the flight. They communicate effectively during the flight. I will be flying Delta again and again." Cons: "The trip was great" Cons: "We arrived around 39 minutes early and the whole process was very smooth" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "We were traveling international in Twitter after contacting we were told we can carry one checked baggage but then we were not allowed and at gate they didn’t know the procedure and repeatedly checked our passport Poor customer service" Pros: "Crew was attentive and accommodating." Cons: "Gates switched 3 times and all bags had to be checked because of a small aging plane." Cons: "I would ask that the gate does not share in detail reason for delay in seat assignment is related to getting a family sitting together when the basic rules should apply unilaterally." Pros: "Got to my destination without any issues" Cons: "Seats/seating area are too small, and I'm not a big person." Cons: "We sat for an hour on the tarmac with the plane at about 80-85 degrees and everyone sweating. Once we took off the flight attendants kept turning the cabin lights on and off and serving dinner (on an overnight flight is that really necessary?!) and waking us up. Also plane was old and uncomfortable." Pros: "Crew was nice and welcoming" Cons: "Well, if our plane had been leaving on time it would've been superb." Pros: "Food was tolerable. Good cabin temperature. Good lumbar support and pillow." Cons: "Horrible leg space on the first leg of the journey. Air hostess we'e very inattentive. Asked for a blanket 3 times and still didn't get it. Also they had a poor attitude. Power outlets don't work on multiple seats. Oh and again no leg room. Zilch." Pros: "Food" Cons: "Plane is old, seats are economy in business class. Dont fly business no need tonpay extra" Pros: "The little details...slippers, nice meal, foot rests, deep carryon bins." Cons: "Legroom, too tight. Attendants blocking lane unable to reach restroom, entertainment didnt work." Pros: "Lots of entertainment on the plane. Very clean. I like the personal touch of a travel Bag given and large head phones." Cons: "Plane delayed by 3 hours. Missed my other flight to Tirana. Horrible service at the airport to help me out with a hotel. Had to run around for over 3 hours. Never flying Turkish again." Pros: "The service was very nice and courteous" Cons: "The seats don’t match up to the comfort level and privacy of the other airlines" Cons: "Flight to Istanbul was fine. The flight back was a terrible experience! During our connecting flight in Athens our boarding passes wouldn't print at the self service computers and there was no one to help us so we had to go back out to the front desk. The airline representative was extremely rude. There was 5 employees standing around the computer with NO customers and when we asked if this was Turkish Airlines and if they could help, the woman (manager) responded "this WAS Turkish Airlines" as if they were done helping customers for the day (it was 9AM and our flight was leaving in 45 min). We explained that we couldn't print our passes and she ROLLED her eyes as if it was an inconvenience to help us. THEN on our flight from Istanbul to Chicago, a passenger died an hour into the flight and they placed the body on the seats behind us for over 10 hours! Nobody even told us what happened! We didn't know if they died from natural causes or if it was something else! They didn't offer to seat us somewhere else or even inform us they were placing the body there. We were completely shocked and uncomfortable the whole flight home. We couldn't eat or sleep. We're completely disgusted and scarred from this overall experience." Pros: "Turkish airlines has great service and crew in plane." Cons: "Hi, The flight was great. However my layover at airport lounge was long. I didn't like their (Turkish Business lounge)policy for not letting me have the room to sleep as the layover was more than 7hrs. I was told to ask for a hotel at reception. When i did, they said that they dont have any hotel inside and cant take me to ourside hotel too. The staff at reception of lounge was not courteous either. I only needed the room to sleep for 3 or 4 hrs. Anyway, the flight itself was great, no complaints" Pros: "Finally got a vegan sandwich that saved my life after the 13 hour flight before this one!" Pros: "Constant service, food, entertainment." Cons: "Seat area is too small. No room for legs/feet. Garbage was not picked up." The boarding was one of the worst I’ve ever experienced. The fault lays on Ohare Airport and not so much the airline. The waiting area by the gate was the size to accommodate a regional flight for 20-30 people and right next to a busy walkway. When you cramped nearly 300 passengers into that space is was unbearable. Pros: "I liked how generous they were with food and drinks" Cons: "Free WiFi could have made the flight a lot better" Cons: "No internet available (2020). For the my previous flight, a month ago, was the same problem." Cons: "Klm is the best, even on a 40min they served small breakfast." Cons: "Half the screens were not working - crew were made aware but nothing was done. Vegetarian choices were poor to non-existent ; I witnessed crew insist to a passenger that there were no vegetarian options! They finally cobbled something together for him but not a pleasant experience" Pros: "Seats were super comfortable, bigger than most planes with extra leg room. Food was excellent and fresh, amazing Dutch cheese sampler was divine. No nonsense staff who had all connecting flight info on hand when we arrived in Abu Dhabi. KLM staff were friendly and efficient. Fabulous airline." Pros: "Reclinable seats." Cons: "The food!! The lights could be dimmed as it was a night flight." Cons: "The flight was a bit delayed, but the airline handled it incredibly well. I was put up in a great hotel with good free food and caught another flight the next morning." Pros: "Nice staff and no delay" Cons: "Instead of crisps maybe a bit of cheese or crackers" Pros: "Crew was very engaging and service was good." Cons: "My seat was horrible. Right at the door, crammed, and no place to store my carry-on luggage." SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Book cheap flights from Chicago to Athens Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Chicago to Athens found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/6Wed 3 stops 47h 55mORD-ATH $304 Search 12/6Wed 2 stops 31h 25mORD-ATH $319 Search 12/5Tue 3 stops 40h 05mORD-ATH $375 Search 2/19Mon 2 stops 21h 57mORD-ATH $379 Search 12/5Tue 2 stops 42h 20mORD-ATH $385 Search 4/14Sun 2 stopsScandinavian Airlines 41h 10mORD-ATH $440 Search 2/19Mon 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 30h 55mORD-ATH $446 Search 5/14Tue 1 stopTurkish Airlines 22h 05mORD-ATH $1,061 Search 4/17Wed 1 stopBritish Airways 16h 00mORD-ATH $5,265 Search 4/17Wed 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 16h 35mORD-ATH $6,453 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineScandinavian AirlinesTurkish AirlinesBritish AirwaysAmerican Airlines Search by price$320 or less$380 or less$440 or less$1,060 or less$6,450 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to Athens Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Chicago to Athens that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 18h 20mORD-ATH 12/12Tue multi-stopDelta 37h 48mATH-ORD $522 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 19h 53mORD-ATH 12/10Sun multi-stopDelta 30h 39mATH-ORD $527 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopLufthansa 19h 25mORD-ATH 12/24Sun multi-stopLufthansa 13h 30mATH-ORD $529 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopLufthansa 19h 25mORD-ATH 12/25Mon multi-stopLufthansa 13h 30mATH-ORD $530 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 19h 25mORD-ATH 12/11Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 55mATH-ORD $541 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 22h 55mORD-ATH 12/11Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 30mATH-ORD $544 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 12h 35mORD-ATH 1/10Wed multi-stopBritish Airways 25h 55mATH-ORD $714 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 12h 35mORD-ATH 1/12Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 19h 29mATH-ORD $724 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopTurkish Airlines 28h 00mORD-ATH 12/23Sat multi-stopTurkish Airlines 22h 50mATH-ORD $1,245 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 15h 45mORD-ATH 1/4Thu multi-stopTurkish Airlines 14h 35mATH-ORD $1,291 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineDeltaLufthansaUnited AirlinesBritish AirwaysTurkish Airlines Search by price$530 or less$530 or less$540 or less$720 or less$1,290 or less Chicago O'Hare Airport - Athens Flights Departure: Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD)United States Destination: Athens (ATH)Greece Return flight deals: Athens - Chicago O'Hare Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Athens $1,865 Business Class flights to Athens $2,465 Prem Econ Class flights to Athens $1,098 Economy Class flights to Athens Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $421Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Athens Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Greece » Athens $421Flights to Athens, Athens Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Athens flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Athens from Chicago O'Hare Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Athens from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.