Cheap Flights from Cincinnati to Florida from $40 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Cincinnati to Florida from $40 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/7. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Florida ...and more Latest Florida Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULAROrlando From Cincinnati Nonstop from $45 Search Flights Miami From Cincinnati Nonstop from $42 Search Flights Fort Lauderdale From Cincinnati Nonstop from $74 Search Flights Tampa From Cincinnati Nonstop from $38 Search Flights Fort Myers From Cincinnati Nonstop from $38 Search Flights Jacksonville From Cincinnati Nonstop from $79 Search Flights Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $40 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 21% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 23% increase in price. Flight from Cincinnati to Miami FAQs - booking Florida flights Which pet facilities are at Cincinnati International Airport (CVG)? There are two pet relief stations at Cincinnati International Airport: one before security and one after deposit. The outside space is more popular with travelers leaving Cincinnati who want to give their pets a chance to get fresh air and go potty. This indoor station can be a valuable resource for travelers encountering numerous unanticipated flight delays. All pets must be contained in carriers when traveling through the airport. Service animals, pet relief stations, and traveling through airport security are the only circumstances in which this rule is not applicable. Which family services are offered at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG)? Bring your kids to one of the playgrounds in Concourse A, Gate 10, and Concourse B, Food Court, on the airside. If you're traveling with a baby, some bathrooms are designated for families and have diaper-changing tables in them. Located in Concourse A is close to Gate A11, and Concourse B is close to Gate B13. Three Mamava Pods, or nursing suites, are provided; they provide a private area for nursing, a seat, an AC outlet, and a USB port for charging. They also have adequate room for a small family. Concourse A, next to Gate A4; Concourse B, close to Gate B15; and Baggage Claim are the locations. Which layover options are from Cincinnati to Florida? Most Flights from Cincinnati to Florida have at least one stop. The stops vary according to your airline and destination airport .delta airlines and American airlines offer single-stop flights from CVG-RSW and CVG- Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport (ECP). The stopovers include Philadelphia International Airport (PHL), Charlotte Douglas International Airport (CLT), and Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL). Which accessibility services are offered in Southwest Florida International Airport (RSW)? All airport parking lots, including the short-term (garage) and long-term parking lots, offer parking for people with disabilities 24 hours a day. Once inside the Short-term Parking (garage), use the regular signage symbols to find the spaces allocated for the disabled close to the elevators and terminal walkways. The parking facilities are equipped with push-button emergency call boxes for quick assistance. There are elevators on the northeast and northwest sides of each parking garage's three levels. Wheelchair accessibility is available in all public restrooms throughout the airport, including "Companion Care." How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Cincinnati to Florida? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Cincinnati to Florida. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Cincinnati to Florida? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Florida from Cincinnati is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Cincinnati to Florida? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Florida with an airline and back to Cincinnati with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Cincinnati to Florida? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Florida from Cincinnati up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Florida Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Cincinnati to the following destinations at these prices or less: Orlando $46 one-way - $85 round-trip; Miami $50 one-way - $95 round-trip; Tampa $39 one-way - $68 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be March and April. The cheapest month to fly from Cincinnati is September. Morning departure is around 5% cheaper than an evening flight, on average*. Massage Bar offers fully-clothed chair massages if you have time to spare at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG). Visit Be Relax for a broader range of services, including manicures, facials, and full-body table massages. It is located in Concourse A, Gate A8, and Concourse B, Gate B16 on the airside. If you are looking for business amenities at CVG, Private work booths are available for rent at the airport in a few different places. The stalls have a camera, Bluetooth connectivity, and speakers. In Southwest Florida International Airport (RSW), the pet Relief Spaces are across from baggage claim on the lower level, close to the parking garage, or at both ends of the terminal building on the lower level, next to Doors 1 and 6, between the gazebo and loading dock. If you want to get from the city center to CVG, you can use a bus, taxi, car or Town car. The most affordable way is a bus which costs around $2 and takes approximately 25 minutes. A taxi is the fastest way, which takes about 17 minutes. If you want direct flights from Cincinnati to Florida, consider flying with nonstop flights. Frontier airlines and delta are the only airlines with direct flights. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Cincinnati to FloridaNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Cincinnati to Florida? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.2 Qatar AirwaysOverall score based on 11256 reviews 82comfort 86crew 82entertainment 83overall 83boarding 80food Airline reviews Was humiliated at Doha airport, treaded like a cattle class traveler, I hold platinum pro status with AA and I don’t fly economy even domestic but was made to travel in the middle seat in economy class and boarding zone 3 and was denied lounge access at Doha airport. Never was humiliated like this before.Read more about Qatar Airways Was humiliated at Doha airport, treaded like a cattle class traveler, I hold platinum pro status with AA and I don’t fly economy even domestic but was made to travel in the middle seat in economy class and boarding zone 3 and was denied lounge access at Doha airport. Never was humiliated like this before. Boarding was orderly, staff at the counter were friendly and so as most of the staff in the flight. Room for some improvement in entertainment, but overall very good flight. Restrooms weren’t working properly. Food choices were too exotic. Pros: "Crew were so much helpful, really appreciate, my wife got sick, they have been amazing" Cons: "Seats be little spacious" Pros: "The crew was amazing and seat very comfortable." Cons: "If I did not have to spent night in Doha waiting for connecting flight." Pros: "Staff are very polite and helpful (ground staff and in the air)." Cons: "The food was hit and miss. Some of it was good and some of it used ketchup as a sauce. The economy seats have been stripped down to budget airline level padding and the rows seem have been been jammed in a little closer." Pros: "Friendly crews. Excellent food. Great service. On time arrival." Cons: "They could provide hotel for transit passengers with long layovers." Pros: "From the ground crew to the flight staff, everyone was superb! Keep up the good work!" Cons: "I can't think of anything to make it better." Cons: "WC size (too small) and location ( way too close to flight staff and food section)" Pros: "Everything frim the xrew I could at the JKIA, NBO to Delhi. One thing more from my city Lubumbashi, I didn't care about getting my phone bzttery low. I could chzrge my phone all the journey long. And from Nairobi, I dodn't czre at zll about my phobe, because I knew I could charge dur to the usb device. If ever something to complain about, I'll let you know. Regards Richzrd DIAS" Pros: "The sanitizing of the aircraft was beyond expectations. The personal wipes were a plus so we could clean the areas around our seats to our satisfaction. The individual snack bags are a great idea to minimize handling. The boarding rear to front should have been in place years ago and the deplaning was about normal front to rear with distancing." Pros: "The flight itself was excellent. Friendly, helpful, kind — great attendants and crew." Cons: "The flight was delayed 4 hours. We never found out why exactly. That was a little tough but staff was great" Pros: "Nice helpful crew, plane was clean, arrived ahead of schedule" Cons: "Nothing much" Pros: "Nothing three hours late I went to dc and then took the train" Cons: "Not really an experienced flyer. Overall the flight seemed good. No issues with airline or airport. Just don’t understand self-important people that feel compelled to push the overhead storage limits with their bags." Cons: "Food and service. Our flight attendant didn’t seem to want to be there. Sub-par service for first class by a long shot." Pros: "Horrible storms kept us in the air for at least an hour past our scheduled landing time. And yet we experienced virtually no turbulence. The pilots did an excellent job of keeping us updated, kept things as smooth as possible with the bad weather and we had plenty of movies and games to choose" Cons: "I was charged an extra $100 because my bag was 10lbs overweight. Where is this crazy fee communicated on their website? And why does it have to be so much? I didn't have a way to weigh our bag before we left. I had no idea it was so heavy - ridiculous price." Pros: "The crew was fantastic." Cons: "Seats, leg space, noise. The seats in coach were too close together and the entertainment system was slow and seemed outdated." Pros: "Being that I needed to book last minute due to my other carrier only having one flight headed back to my destination, of which they weren't even sure if it would be taking off...Delta came through in a pinch. It was my first time flying with them but the ticket agent was helpful and attentive" Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Crew was very professional. Seat uncomfortable. No entertainment. did get water or coffee." Cons: "Comfort" First off, I never complained so it is not the crews fault. The lady to my left did not respect my seat whatsoever. She was too big to lower the armrest and basically sat on me the entire flight. She was against the window. I was in a middle seat. For future reference, American, please make sure the armrest will lower or get someone a larger seat/2 seats. We sat on the runway for over an hour bc there was a technical glitch on the ground related to baggage. Very annoying and a lot of folks missed their connection. After pulling away from the gate we sat on the tarmac for 90 minutes with hardly any explanation from the captain. Rows seem more cramped than before. Worst airline experience of my life, depending on how the rest of my “customer service” experience goes I may never fly american airlines again. Pros: "Liked we actually made it." Cons: "Another delayed American Airlines flight where the temperature in the cabin was as the overall apathy of the employees." Pros: "You sold my seat , now I am sleeping in the airport it is no nice" Cons: "Yes if you keep my seat" Cons: "We landed early and had to wait 45 min on the runway." Pros: "Crew was amazing, very helpful and nice!" Cons: "The touch screen for the entertainment didn't work so I wasn't able to watch or so anything" Pros: "on time departure offered a beverage and snack" Cons: "we had to circle phila we had to wait for our gate" Cons: "Due to missed connection, computer booked me on later flight, but in the wrong class (i.e., not first class as ticketed). Very helpful agent at O'Hare was able to remedy this though (didn't get her name. 6/25/19 at help desk near O'Hare gate L4, 7PM)" Cons: "The gate attendant was a little snarky; shirt with an older passenger. The snacks were just okay; almonds would be good, or kind bars." Pros: "Comfortable seating, good service, wide variety of entertainment options." Cons: "I’m vegetarian and the food was horrendous and extremely limited." Cons: "The flight was an hour and a half late getting to Cincinnati due to weather in Houston. We did make up some time in the air, however, when we got to Newark, we waited over 20 minutes to be towed to the gate! This level of service is simply unacceptable." Pros: "Everyone was friendly and cooperative from ticket counter to flight attendants" Cons: "Nothing at this time" Pros: "The crews did a great job!" Cons: "Departures on both legs of the flight was delayed. First one 45 minutes and second one 20 minutes. The seat on the first flight was not the best and doesn’t seem to have a tall enough back section for taller people to rest their head." Pros: "Alyessa went over & above to make us feel welcome & appreciated" Cons: "Limited snacks" Pros: "staff was fine" Cons: "Loaded us on the plane and kept us on the small cramped plane for 90 minutes before leaving. Just stuck sitting there" Pros: "We missed our connecting flight any had to spend the night in Washington at our expense." Pros: "They put us in First Class which was a wonderful treat" Cons: "The pretzels were awful" Pros: "crew was patient and efficient" Cons: "3+ hour delay leaving CVG due to delayed plane out of ORD" Pros: "The seat was more spacious than I expected and the flight was very comfortable as a result." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Flight was delayed by traffic control in NYC. Instead of just informing passengers why the flight was delayed, they just ignored the passengers and made people queue" Pros: "I liked that with the super short layover I didn't have to change planes. That made the trip less stressful." Cons: "Same as above. It was the same plane." Pros: "Nothing really after paying $45 and l have to pay another $45 to go back to Cincinnati" Cons: "Too much luggage fee $45 is too much" Cons: "A 2 hour delay on my outgoing flight and a half hour delay on my return flight. Charged for everything and then some. Will not fly Frontier Airlines again. I wish I had a better review." Pros: "Great crew, good announcements, quick retrieval of checked bag, smooth operation" Cons: "Overpriced and mediocre food choices. Tight seats and little legroom. They charge for everything!" Pros: "Plane was clean and looked fairly new. Seemed to be more leg room than usual" Cons: "Can they give you a soda on a 3+ hour flight? Terrible to have to pay for a non-alcoholic drink" Pros: "I like the non stop flight and the staff were very nice and smiled" Cons: "The price of snacks and drink . And I had to pay for a carry on bag" Cons: "I didn't like the fact that my husband and I had to pay $13 each for a seat over and above the price of the ticket. I didn't like that you paid almost $3 for a cold drink or a package of snacks and also give a tip and on our return trip they came around twice $45 for one suitcase going and $35 coming back. You might say we had sticker shock Rosaleen" Pros: "The Frontier staff was very welcoming in boarding passengers on this flight & that the view of the flight was awesome coming into Phoenix." Qatar Airways8.2 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Cincinnati to Florida Recent one-way flight deals 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 42mCVG-MIA $40 Search 12/8Fri nonstopFrontier 2h 32mCVG-MCO $40 Search 12/11Mon nonstopAllegiant Air 2h 13mCVG-PIE $43 Search 1/7Sun nonstopAllegiant Air 2h 21mCVG-SRQ $43 Search 2/17Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 27mCVG-FLL $83 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 54mCVG-RSW $87 Search 12/18Mon nonstopDelta 2h 11mCVG-TPA $99 Search 2/20Tue 1 stopDelta 7h 42mCVG-SRQ $107 Search 2/10Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 31mCVG-FLL $144 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 08mCVG-SRQ $150 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierAllegiant AirAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$40 or less$90 or less$110 or less$150 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 1/16Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 42mCVG-MIA 1/18Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 56mMIA-CVG $42 Search 2/21Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 24mCVG-MCO 2/28Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 23mMCO-CVG $45 Search 1/4Thu nonstop 2h 41mCVG-FLL 1/9Tue 1 stop 6h 21mFLL-CVG $74 Search 12/13Wed 1 stop 8h 46mCVG-RSW 12/20Wed nonstop 2h 32mRSW-CVG $77 Search 1/18Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 37mCVG-MCO 1/23Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 35mMCO-CVG $154 Search 2/17Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 21mCVG-TPA 2/20Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 59mTPA-CVG $157 Search 1/24Wed nonstopDelta 2h 36mCVG-FLL 1/31Wed nonstopDelta 2h 36mFLL-CVG $158 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopDelta 4h 38mCVG-DAB 1/20Sat 1 stopDelta 3h 55mDAB-CVG $177 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopUnited Airlines 7h 07mCVG-SRQ 12/20Wed 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 10mSRQ-CVG $296 Search 1/25Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 11mCVG-SRQ 2/2Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 34mSRQ-CVG $299 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$50 or less$80 or less$160 or less$180 or less$300 or less Last minute flights from Cincinnati to Florida Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 32mCVG-RSW 12/19Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 32mRSW-CVG $68 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 29mCVG-RSW 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 33mRSW-CVG $70 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 2h 21mCVG-TPA 12/11Mon multi-stop 17h 40mTPA-CVG $112 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 2h 29mCVG-RSW 12/14Thu multi-stop 16h 08mRSW-CVG $140 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 5h 21mCVG-RSW 12/19Tue nonstopDelta 2h 30mRSW-CVG $278 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 32mCVG-RSW 12/19Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 53mRSW-CVG $284 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 43mCVG-RSW 12/19Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 27mRSW-CVG $289 Search 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 2h 16mCVG-RSW 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 2h 27mRSW-CVG $308 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 29mCVG-RSW 12/10Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 37mRSW-CVG $417 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 42mCVG-TPA 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 45mTPA-CVG $457 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$70 or less$140 or less$280 or less$310 or less$460 or less Cincinnati - Florida Flights Departure: Cincinnati (CVG)United States Return flight deals: Florida - Cincinnati Cabin classes: $57 First Class flights to Florida $960 Business Class flights to Florida $386 Prem Econ Class flights to Florida $38 Economy Class flights to Florida Browse origins: Flights » United States » Ohio » Cincinnati $38Flights from Cincinnati to Florida Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida $38Flights to Bradenton, Florida $60Flights to Cape Coral, Florida $38Flights to Clearwater, Florida $177Flights to Daytona Beach, Florida $765Flights to Destin, Florida $52Flights to Florida Keys, Florida $89Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Florida $60Flights to Fort Myers Beach, Florida $60Flights to Fort Myers, Florida $133Flights to Fort Walton Beach, Florida $365Flights to Gainesville, Florida $79Flights to Jacksonville, Florida $113Flights to Key West, Florida $177Flights to Melbourne, Florida, Florida $52Flights to Miami, Florida $38Flights to Orlando, Florida $302Flights to Panama City, Florida, Florida $125Flights to Pensacola, Florida $105Flights to Punta Gorda, Florida $106Flights to Sarasota, Florida $106Flights to Siesta Key, Florida $447Flights to Tallahassee, Florida $38Flights to Tampa, Florida $75Flights to Tampa, Florida $133Flights to Valparaiso, Florida, Florida $100Flights to West Palm Beach, Florida View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Phoenix Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Houston Flights to Austin Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Florida flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Florida from Cincinnati. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Florida from Cincinnati. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.