Cheap Flights to Toronto from C$ 60 - KAYAK Find flights Deals When to book Tips FAQs Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights to Toronto from C$ 60 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 8/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Fri 29/12 Fri 5/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,173,844 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Toronto These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results for flights to Toronto ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results for flights to Toronto How much is the cheapest flight to Toronto?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights to Toronto that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:00 a.m. - 4:17 p.m.YVR-YHM 6h 17m1 stop 5:45 p.m. - 9:46 p.m.YHM-YVR 7h 01m1 stop C$ 83Lynx Air Find Deal Fri, 5 Apr - Fri, 26 Apr 7:00 a.m. - 4:17 p.m.YVR-YHM 6h 17m1 stop 5:45 p.m. - 9:46 p.m.YHM-YVR 7h 01m1 stop C$ 84Lynx Air Find Deal Fri, 26 Apr - Mon, 29 Apr 11:05 p.m. - 6:35 a.m.YXX-YYZ 4h 30mdirect 8:10 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YYZ-YXX 5h 10mdirect C$ 90Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Sun, 11 Feb 11:05 p.m. - 6:35 a.m.YXX-YYZ 4h 30mdirect 8:10 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YYZ-YXX 5h 10mdirect C$ 91Flair Airlines Find Deal Wed, 20 Mar - Sun, 24 Mar 8:50 a.m. - 6:48 p.m.YEG-YTZ 7h 58m1 stop 5:00 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.YTZ-YEG 7h 00m1 stop C$ 164Porter Airlines Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Sun, 14 Jan 8:50 a.m. - 6:48 p.m.YEG-YTZ 7h 58m1 stop 5:45 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.YTZ-YEG 6h 15m1 stop C$ 165Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 6:00 a.m. - 7:40 a.m.YUL-YYZ 1h 40mdirect 12:35 a.m. - 1:55 a.m.YYZ-YUL 1h 20mdirect C$ 173Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 20 Dec - Sat, 30 Dec 5:25 p.m. - 11:16 p.m.YEG-YYZ 3h 51mdirect 8:10 a.m. - 10:33 a.m.YYZ-YEG 4h 23mdirect C$ 173Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 3:15 p.m. - 8:56 p.m.YEG-YYZ 3h 41mdirect 8:00 p.m. - 12:03 a.m.YYZ-YEG 6h 03m1 stop C$ 227WestJet Find Deal Thu, 22 Feb - Thu, 28 Mar 9:30 p.m. - 5:49 a.m.YYC-YYZ 6h 19m1 stop 11:00 a.m. - 1:21 p.m.YYZ-YYC 4h 21mdirect C$ 228WestJet Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Wed, 17 Jan Show more results Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 60 Best time to beat the crowds (13% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (2% more expensive on average) Flight from Halifax to Toronto Pearson Airport When to book flights to Toronto Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel to Toronto based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. The information is for flights to Toronto based on your location. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. Average price per month To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights to Toronto, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each departure date. Flight prices as travel date approaches To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights to Toronto, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. Top tips for finding cheap flights to Toronto Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 206 or less one-way and C$ 391 or less round-trip. Book at least 2 weeks before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be January, November and December. The cheapest month to fly from Canada is January. Enter your preferred departure airport and travel dates into the search form above to unlock the latest Toronto flight deals. Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport (YTZ) is among the primary airports in Toronto that serve Toronto Island and the city of Toronto. The Airport is approximately 3 km from Downtown Toronto. Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) is one of the main airports in Toronto, serving the adjacent Southern Ontario area along with the metropolis of Toronto. The Airport is approximately 19 km from downtown Toronto. Toronto Pearson International Airport is the hub airport for Air Canada, WestJet, and Flair Airlines, and a base for Swoop, Air Transat, and Lynx Air. The airlines handle international and domestic transfers to and from Toronto (YYZ). When taking flights to Toronto, you will find that you can choose between airports. Toronto Pearson International is the larger of the two airports with more carriers and flights, yet it is actually located about 27 kilometers from the center of Toronto. This airport is an excellent choice if you are visiting any of the suburban communities to the north and west of Toronto. Toronto Island, on the other hand, is a smaller airport that offers fewer flights, yet it is only a mere 3.5 kilometers from the city center. If you are looking for a hotel that is close to Toronto Pearson International Airport, take a look at the Sheraton Gateway Hotel in the Toronto International Airport. This is the only hotel that is located inside the airport. The hotel offers an indoor walkway connecting you to Terminal 3 at the airport and access to both Terminal 1 and the Union Express Train that will take you to downtown Toronto. If you have boarded your flight to Toronto a little underdressed for the winter weather, stop in at Burberry, located in Terminal 1, Level 2 of Toronto Pearson International Airport. This location carries a great selection of classic Burberry clothing, leather bags, cashmere scarves, and trench coats to keep you warm and stylish during your time in Toronto. If you are looking for a convenient way to get from Toronto Pearson International airport into downtown Toronto, the UP Express may be just for you. This express train connects Toronto Pearson International with Union Station in downtown Toronto. This rail line will provide you with a 25-minute trip from the airport to downtown, regardless of traffic on surface roads or poor weather conditions. If a long flight to Toronto has left you feeling stressed and tired, stop in at Be Relax, located in Terminal 3 of Toronto Pearson International Airport. This unique airport concept offers chair massages as well as manicures, pedicures, and facial care to get you refreshed and revitalized after your flight. FAQs - booking Toronto flights Are there children-friendly amenities at Toronto Pearson International Airport? Yes. For lactating mothers travelling with their babies, Toronto Pearson Airport furnishes them with nursing stations where they can express milk or care for their babies. The nursing stations are furnished with chairs, power outlets, and changing counters available throughout YYZ’s premises. In Terminal 1, lactation stations in combination with family toilets are available near Gates D22, F67, D37, F87/F88, and E78. In Terminal 3, the lactation stations are across from Gate C30 and Gate 31, adjacent to Gate B1 and the Duty-Free store outlet. Moreover, Toronto Pearson Airport has a kids’ play area in Terminal 1 on the Departure Lounge. Does Toronto Pearson International Airport have rental car facilities? Yes. If you need to rent a vehicle when you arrive in Toronto, YYZ has an offsite and onsite rental car facility. The Airport’s onsite rental car facilities are in Terminal 1, on Level 1 and Terminal 3’s parking garages. Budget, Avis, Dollar, Hertz, National, and Enterprise are YYZ’s onsite rental car agencies. For the offsite rental car facilities take the free pick-up shuttle from Viscount Station, which is accessible through the Terminal Link Train. Economy, ACE, Europcar, Fox, E-Z Car Rental, Green Motion, Hub, Zoom, Iversta, Jet Car Rental, MEX, Payless, and NU Car Rental are some of YYZ’s off-airport rental car agencies. Where can I pick up an Uber at Toronto Pearson International Airport? Once passengers have collected their luggage they should request their Uber ride. From Terminal 1, standard Uber riders can meet their driver outside of Door Q and SUVs can meet outside Door A. From Terminal 3, standard Uber riders meet your driver outside Door D and SUVs meet your driver outside Door A. Is there bus service from Toronto Pearson International Airport to downtown Toronto? The Toronto Transit Commission provides service from all of the Greater Toronto Area (GTA) to the airport terminals. The fastest route is the Airport Rocket, which runs every 8 to 15 minutes depending on the time of day. These buses also have luggage racks, making them convenient for airport travelers. Does Toronto Pearson International Airport provide pet relief areas? The airport does offer three outdoor pet areas that are adjacent to the terminal buildings. Since all of these areas are located prior to entering security, it’s a good idea to stop there before heading through security for your flight. The areas offer artificial turf and are fenced in. If I have lost something at the airport, what is the best way to find it? Any lost items that are found in the terminal buildings are turned over to Toronto Pearson’s Lost and Found Office, which is located in Terminal 1. You can speak directly to someone at the office about your lost item between 9:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. daily. How long is the flight to Toronto? Flights from Edmonton 4h 11m Flights from Calgary 4h 10m Flights from Vancouver 4h 59m Flights from Montreal 1h 23m Flights from Halifax 2h 31m What is the cheapest flight to Toronto? The cheapest airline ticket to Toronto from Canada in the last 72 hours was C$ 80 one-way, and C$ 152 round-trip on the route from Halifax to Toronto. The most popular route is from Vancouver to Toronto and the cheapest ticket found on this route in the last 72 hours was C$ 113 round-trip. Which airlines fly to Toronto? Flair Airlines, WestJet, and Air Canada usually have the most frequent connections from Canada to Toronto. Which Toronto airport is closest to central Toronto? Out of the 3 airports in Toronto, Toronto Island is the nearest to the city center (3 km). You'll travel 19 km to reach the center of Toronto if you land in Toronto Pearson Airport and 84 km if you land in Toronto Kitchener-Waterloo. Which is the cheapest airport to fly into in Toronto? Prices will differ depending on the departure airport, but generally, the cheapest airport to fly to in Toronto is Toronto Kitchener-Waterloo Airport, with an average flight price of C$ 192. How much is a flight to Toronto? On average, a flight to Toronto costs C$ 347. The cheapest price found on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks cost C$ 49 and departed from Vancouver Intl Airport. What is the cheapest day to fly to Toronto? Based on KAYAK data, the cheapest day to fly to Toronto is Wednesday. On the other hand, the most expensive day to fly is Friday. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights to Toronto? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights to Toronto. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket to Toronto? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Toronto is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights to Toronto? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Toronto with an airline and back with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight to Toronto? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Toronto up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. Top 5 airlines flying to Toronto See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying to Toronto. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline from Canada to Toronto. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with to Toronto? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 9.2 Air NorthOverall score based on 61 reviews 90comfort 95crew 94overall 94boarding 89food 75entertainment Airline reviews Service was great from start to finish. Pleasant attendants, timely luggage to carousels.Read more about Air North Service was great from start to finish. Pleasant attendants, timely luggage to carousels. This airline is never a disappointment. Always on time. Short haul from YLW to YYZ , best way to travel. Boarding was fine, and flight was on time. During the flight however, you aren't even offered a drink of water. The carts never leave the galleys. All the attendants said the whole time is take your headphones off and buckle your seatbelt. For the price I wouldn't expect 5 star service, but maybe a drink would have been acceptable Nothing needs to change as it is such a short flight. The employees at the counter when we first arrived were very helpful and kind. The flight attendants were are very pleasant and helpful. I appreciated we departed on time. Pros: "Price was the best over competitors. Many dates available. Staff are friendly and service oriented. Coffee is so good. Food is great. Flight was on time." Cons: "I booked online and then had to rebook - by calling the call centre. Be good to have the ability to change flights online as well. Call centre staff was good - except I assumed she’d book us sitting in the same seats as I had originally chosen (which were available - as I checked online)." Pros: "Service was good, frequent drinks and snacks, nice little deli platter was unexpected and very delicious!" Pros: "You constantly got food and drinks served, a big contrast to the other airlines who don't even serve complimentary food on 5 hour trips. We didn't expect to get food on this 2 hour flight so we had breakfast beforehand. We were pleasantly surprised!" Pros: "Friendly staff. Provided sandwich and cookie during flight." Cons: "Minor item: Didn't provide hav charger in seats but for short flights not a big issue" Pros: "From the coffee and cookies while waiting to board to the freshly baked items given while receiving food service, this is great customer service. Not to mention the competitively priced airfare and not having to pay an extra fee for checked bags, this airline can't be beat. I would definitely fly it again and suggest it to anyone if they're looking to fly in northern Canada." Plane left on time. The service and food was excellent. No problem with the luggage arrived and was delivered within 15 minutes. Absolutely horrible service filled with delays and problems will never travel with Flair Airlines and WestJet delays delays and mor delays absolutely Horrible customer service and Really Experience. Better legroom, but it’s expected in economy class. Otherwise great experience There wasn’t an option for not applicable under food. No food on this flight. Good coffee though. Pros: "Very little" Cons: "Rough weather. Stopped delivering water and snacks. Seat belt off and no attempt to continue water and snacks for 20 minutes. Then started back at front again to those who had already been served once. When got to me no snacks offered. Had to ask." Cons: "Provide entertainment. Seats and legroom seem to get smaller every year" Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)" Pros: "The crew was very patient to get all the passengers' needs from gate-to-gate. The flight was very smooth, landing to takeoff, and arrived on-time!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "If the flight just got cancelled from the get-go and if the airline reimbursed us or gave us flight credit." Pros: "The crew was wonderful. Boarding was orderly and there was enough overhead space on this full flight. Even though the flight left later than schedule it was not a terrible delay. The overall experience was the opposite of my last flight on West Jet." New jet. Lots of leg room. On time departure. Early arrival. Reasonable airfare. Excellent online experience. I had checked in online the day before but was instructed to collect our boarding passes when we arrived. I am not completely comfortable using the automated Kiosks and always enjoy the nostalgia of speaking with someone when checking in for a flight. Upon doing so however, we were immediately asked,"did you check in online already?" To which I replied, "yes, but we were asked to retrieve our boarding passes upon arrival." She then said, "that's what those machines over there are for. We really encourage people to use those." That unfortunately sparked a series of shortness and overall poor behavior in my opinion from the woman who checked us in. I understand it was early in the morning but I am always excited to experience flying and that interaction has unfortunately left a bitter taste in my mouth to the point I will forever now hesitate to book with Porter again. Thank you for taking the time to read this. Cheers, JD Porter uses the intelligent and logical way of boarding a plane - from the back. Nothing , two weeks of dealing with booking glitches on porters side , as our main international carrier was fine ,we were assured. When we got to check in everything would be smooth , we were confirmed there would be no issues, guess what happened? After an hour and a half at check inn we were told there was technical glitch involving payment we may not be able to fly , which would have set off a catastrophic chain , the undue stress on my family was unbearable . They really communicated well advised well in advance of a delay. Contacted to tell me it was almost time to go and to do a check in. Porter, like most airlines, need to improve their baggage policies. In reality, there are no longer 'cheap flights' because passengers pay exorbitant baggage fees. Pros: "The crew was good and boarding was super efficient" Cons: "No entertain on the plane. Since when YTZ offered no more complimentary drinks and some snack?" Cons: "Not the airline’s fault but we were delayed. That’s the only thing that could have been better" Cons: "Was delayed by 1.5 hrs and only received 1 alert about the initial 30 mins delay." Cons: "Canceling flights with no notice and rescheduling made me lose a day" Airline Rep at Gatwick condescending and a very poor representative for this airline did request his name but he refused. Will certainty think twice to fly with this airline in future. Cons: "Baggage included ..the return to be certain, not be on standby when it was initially booked as a two way flight." Pros: "Cleaniness, spacious seats, entertainment screen and Off course crew was very helpful." Cons: "Food." Pros: "Crew was accommodating and kept me and my family comfortable in the flight. Food was good" Cons: "Free stuff like headphones and blanket which can be collected at the end of the flight" Cons: "Small seat, no entertainment, you have to buy blanket and headphones" Pros: "L’équipage très serviable à l’ecoute et souriant" Cons: "Pas d’ecran dans les appuie tête devant pour l’entertainment. Le siege n’a aucun ajustement pour la tête Et aucune prise usb pour charger nos appareils" Pros: "Crew was good" Cons: "Couldn’t fit my carry on in their plane so I was forced to check it, plane was very cold, very little to no leg room" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Delayed flight, my seat was bumped from an aisle to a window seat although I checked in online and secured the Seat 24hrs prior to departure. The excuse I was given by staff is that the person sitting next to me is a “big” person so it’s for my benefit. Well the row I had planned to sit in had two people with an empty seat in between. And they were not “big” as was said. my seat I was moved to had sick children behind my seat whom were coughing and kicking the back of my seat and the row was completely full. An aweful experience and to top it off, the planes entertainment program was broken so we were provided with no entertainment, video or audio." Pros: "The food was surprisingly really good for airplane food! Tasty! Smooth boarding and disembarkment." Cons: "I was very surprised that Air Transat doesn’t provide a pillow or blanket on a trans-Atlantic flight! Seems a bit of a stretch to cut corners that much. I couldn’t sleep much on the plane so it was definitely not the most comfortable flight." Cons: "Delayed 2 h for waiting for a passenger. Service onboard is quite limited. No water served!! Food is quite basic." Flight left late so arrived late in Toronto flight staff were great. Got me off the plane quickly to try and make customs and my flight to Atlanta got to my next flight in time but they said they decided to put my luggage on a later flight so now I would have to wait since they said I would have to be on the plane with my luggage so waited another 4 hours to make that flight. Flight was cancelled, then uncancelled but changed, then departure delayed by 45 minutes. Boarding was horrific. As always with Air Canada, the flight left late, one hour in this case. But, apparently the whole system was late, passengers were assured they would make their connections. Once we left the flight was fine. PA system needs to be improved. Hardly hear any captain’s announcement! Quick loading, clean plane, enough room, nice cabin crew, pilots routed through the turbulence and good landing, on time departure, early arrival so nothing to complain about. Did not try the food or the entertainment as it was a short flight. Seats were comfortable. There were multiple delays in the flight. I ordered Vegan food, and they didn't bring it, and the pilot was horrible. he had difficulties with landing. The flight got cancelled at midnight, no flight alternatives for the day of my trip. Got stuck in Montreal and ended up having to pay for a hotel. They overbooked the flight and out myself and my friends on standby which created unnecessary stress for the next day and a half which ruined the end of our trip No Wi-Fi and so no entertainment. And the flight was delayed 5 hours. Multiple delays, multiple gate changes, disorderly boarding, no carry-on baggage room, few snacks, small dinner, small seats, no ventilation and etc. You are treated poorly if in economy class. Air North9.2 WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Transat7.2 Air Canada7.1 Book Cheap Toronto Plane Tickets Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best deals for one-way flights to Toronto found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 8/1Mon directLynx Air 2h 49mYHZ-YYZ C$ 44 Search 3/2Sat directFlair Airlines 3h 55mYYC-YYZ C$ 46 Search 2/4Tue directLynx Air 2h 37mYHZ-YYZ C$ 46 Search 27/1Sat directFlair Airlines 3h 55mYYC-YYZ C$ 47 Search 9/2Fri directWestJet 4h 28mYVR-YYZ C$ 79 Search 15/1Mon directWestJet 4h 30mYVR-YYZ C$ 81 Search 19/1Fri 1 stopPorter Airlines 6h 08mYEG-YTZ C$ 83 Search 28/1Sun directPorter Airlines 3h 51mYEG-YYZ C$ 85 Search 31/12Sun directAir Canada 1h 36mYUL-YYZ C$ 87 Search 23/2Fri directAir Canada 1h 36mYUL-YYZ C$ 106 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirFlair AirlinesWestJetPorter AirlinesAir Canada Search by priceC$ 50 or lessC$ 50 or lessC$ 80 or lessC$ 90 or lessC$ 110 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 5/4Fri 1 stopLynx Air 6h 17mYVR-YHM 26/4Fri 1 stopLynx Air 7h 01mYHM-YVR C$ 83 Search 26/4Fri 1 stopLynx Air 6h 17mYVR-YHM 29/4Mon 1 stopLynx Air 7h 01mYHM-YVR C$ 84 Search 19/1Fri directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ 11/2Sun directFlair Airlines 5h 10mYYZ-YXX C$ 90 Search 20/3Wed directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ 24/3Sun directFlair Airlines 5h 10mYYZ-YXX C$ 91 Search 11/1Thu 1 stopPorter Airlines 7h 58mYEG-YTZ 14/1Sun 1 stopPorter Airlines 7h 00mYTZ-YEG C$ 164 Search 19/1Fri 1 stopPorter Airlines 7h 58mYEG-YTZ 22/1Mon 1 stopPorter Airlines 6h 15mYTZ-YEG C$ 165 Search 20/12Wed directAir Canada 1h 40mYUL-YYZ 30/12Sat directAir Canada 1h 20mYYZ-YUL C$ 173 Search 19/1Fri directAir Canada 3h 51mYEG-YYZ 22/1Mon directAir Canada 4h 23mYYZ-YEG C$ 173 Search 22/2Thu directWestJet 3h 41mYEG-YYZ 28/3Thu 1 stopWestJet 6h 03mYYZ-YEG C$ 227 Search 11/1Thu 1 stopWestJet 6h 19mYYC-YYZ 17/1Wed directWestJet 4h 21mYYZ-YYC C$ 228 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirFlair AirlinesPorter AirlinesAir CanadaWestJet Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 90 or lessC$ 170 or lessC$ 170 or lessC$ 230 or less Last minute flights to Toronto Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights to Toronto that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directLynx Air 3h 53mYEG-YYZ 12/12Tue directLynx Air 4h 41mYYZ-YEG C$ 182 Search 2/12Sat directLynx Air 3h 53mYEG-YYZ 6/12Wed directLynx Air 4h 41mYYZ-YEG C$ 184 Search 30/11Thu directFlair Airlines 4h 35mYVR-YYZ 31/1Wed directFlair Airlines 5h 25mYYZ-YVR C$ 210 Search 30/11Thu directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYEG-YYZ 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 4h 25mYYZ-YEG C$ 261 Search 4/12Mon directAir Canada 2h 42mYHZ-YYZ 6/12Wed directAir Canada 2h 07mYYZ-YHZ C$ 297 Search 4/12Mon directPorter Airlines 1h 36mYUL-YYZ 13/12Wed directPorter Airlines 1h 20mYYZ-YUL C$ 311 Search 30/11Thu multi-stopPorter Airlines 9h 28mYVR-YTZ 31/1Wed multi-stopPorter Airlines 9h 49mYTZ-YVR C$ 316 Search 4/12Mon directWestJet 3h 53mYYC-YYZ 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 25h 44mYYZ-YYC C$ 354 Search 1/12Fri directWestJet 3h 47mYEG-YYZ 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 6h 25mYYZ-YEG C$ 378 Search 30/11Thu directAir Canada 3h 51mYEG-YYZ 3/12Sun directAir Canada 4h 04mYYZ-YEG C$ 384 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirFlair AirlinesAir CanadaPorter AirlinesWestJet Search by priceC$ 180 or lessC$ 260 or lessC$ 310 or lessC$ 350 or lessC$ 380 or less Flights to Toronto Return flight deals: Toronto - Canada Cabin classes: C$ 1,442 First Class flights to Toronto C$ 882 Business Class flights to Toronto C$ 205 Prem Econ Class flights to Toronto C$ 79 Economy Class flights to Toronto Browse origins: Flights » Canada C$ 106Flights from Alberta to Toronto C$ 106Flights from British Columbia to Toronto Flights from Cambridge Bay to Toronto Flights from Fredericton to Toronto Flights from Iqaluit to Toronto Flights from Moncton to Toronto C$ 183Flights from Newfoundland and Labrador to Toronto C$ 113Flights from Nova Scotia to Toronto C$ 200Flights from Ontario to Toronto C$ 304Flights from Prince Edward Island to Toronto C$ 117Flights from Quebec to Toronto Flights from Regina to Toronto Flights from Saint John to Toronto Flights from Saskatoon to Toronto Flights from Whitehorse to Toronto Flights from Winnipeg to Toronto Flights from Yellowknife to Toronto View more Popular routes The most searched flights to Toronto by KAYAK users. C$ 83Vancouver to Toronto (YVR - YTO) C$ 267Montreal to Toronto (YUL - YTO) C$ 106Calgary to Toronto (YYC - YTO) C$ 124Halifax to Toronto (YHZ - YTO) C$ 236Ottawa to Toronto (YOW - YTO) C$ 132Edmonton to Toronto (YEG - YTO) C$ 78Winnipeg to Toronto (YWG - YTO) C$ 180St. John's to Toronto (YYT - YTO) C$ 321Québec City to Toronto (YQB - YTO) C$ 256Moncton to Toronto (YQM - YTO) C$ 98Saskatoon to Toronto (YXE - YTO) C$ 105Abbotsford to Toronto (YXX - YTO) C$ 206Regina to Toronto (YQR - YTO) C$ 141Thunder Bay to Toronto (YQT - YTO) C$ 361London to Toronto (YXU - YTO) View more Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Toronto C$ 113Flights to Hamilton, Toronto C$ 200Flights to Toronto Island Airport, Toronto C$ 125Flights to Toronto Kitchener-Waterloo Airport, Toronto C$ 88Flights to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, Toronto Airlines C$ 43Swoop to Toronto C$ 42Flair Airlines to Toronto C$ 105Air Canada to Toronto Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Halifax Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to St. John's Flights to Saskatoon Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Toronto flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Toronto from anywhere in Canada. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Toronto from anywhere in Canada. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.