Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Denver from $35 | (SFO - DEN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - DEN Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Denver from $35 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Denver These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Denver. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Denver. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Denver?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Denver that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 1:16 pm - 7:59 pmSFO-DEN 5h 43m1 stop 6:00 am - 7:59 amDEN-SFO 2h 59mnonstop $64Frontier Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sat, Jan 20 7:28 am - 11:09 amSFO-DEN 2h 41mnonstop 11:01 am - 12:51 pmDEN-SFO 2h 50mnonstop $70Frontier Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Tue, Feb 27 12:09 pm - 7:03 pmSFO-DEN 5h 54m1 stop 10:12 am - 6:17 pmDEN-SFO 9h 05m1 stop $71Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 10:44 am - 6:58 pmSFO-DEN 7h 14m1 stop 10:13 am - 12:08 pmDEN-SFO 2h 55mnonstop $72Frontier Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Tue, Jan 16 10:23 pm - 10:46 amSFO-DEN 11h 23m1 stop 6:00 am - 8:00 amDEN-SFO 3h 00mnonstop $109 Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Mon, Dec 25 8:50 pm - 12:24 amSFO-DEN 2h 34mnonstop 6:05 am - 3:07 pmDEN-SFO 10h 02m2 stops $129 Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Sat, Jan 20 10:15 am - 6:48 pmSFO-DEN 7h 33m1 stop 6:30 am - 6:29 pmDEN-SFO 12h 59m2 stops $226Alaska Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Fri, Feb 9 6:30 am - 10:07 amSFO-DEN 2h 37mnonstop 9:20 pm - 11:11 pmDEN-SFO 2h 51mnonstop $229United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Fri, Dec 15 4:32 pm - 8:14 pmSFO-DEN 2h 42mnonstop 5:35 pm - 10:23 pmDEN-SFO 5h 48m1 stop $240United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Wed, Feb 7 10:06 am - 9:58 pmSFO-DEN 10h 52m2 stops 6:53 pm - 10:36 pmDEN-SFO 4h 43m1 stop $242American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Sun, Feb 4 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Denver - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Denver to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Francisco to Denver? The average price of all flights from San Francisco to Denver clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from San Francisco to Denver, look for departures on Wednesdays and avoid leaving on a Sunday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Denver, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Denver? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Denver is January, where tickets cost $169 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $288 and $273 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Denver? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Denver, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 44 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Denver? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Denver from San Francisco were found on Frontier ($35) and Delta ($97), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Frontier ($64) and Alaska Airlines ($226). Which airlines fly non-stop between San Francisco and Denver? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Francisco to Denver. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from San Francisco to Denver. They are: Frontier, Southwest and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $55 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between San Francisco and Denver per day? Each day, there are between 5 and 14 nonstop flights that take off from San Francisco and land in Denver, with an average flight time of 2h 33m. The most common departure time is 5:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 75 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and Denver? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to Denver take? A direct flight to Denver will take on average 2h 32m to travel the 964 miles flying distance from San Francisco. What’s the earliest departure time from San Francisco to Denver? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Francisco at 12:38 am and will be landing in Denver at 4:10 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Francisco to Denver? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Francisco to Denver jets off at 8:56 pm and lands at 12:30 am. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $35 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 25% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 28% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to Denver When to book flights from San Francisco to Denver Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Denver based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Francisco to Denver Where can I park at San Francisco International Airport? If you want to park at SFO before your trip to Denver, your best option is to park in Long-Term Parking. You can book your parking in advance to ensure you get a spot. To get to the terminals, board the AirTrain Blue line in the Long-Term Parking Garage on Level 5. Does the San Francisco International Airport have an onsite hotel? Sort of. SFO has Nap Rooms that are available landside on Level G in the Main Hall of the International Terminal. Each room has a bed, mirror, desk, and free Wi-Fi. Showers cost extra. Open 6:00 am to 11:00 pm, Nap Rooms charge in 15-minute increments or hourly after the first 2 hours. Does the San Francisco International Airport have a USO? Yes. Active-duty members of the US military and their dependents can enjoy the USO lounge for free, located in Terminal 1, landside on the Mezzanine Level. Some amenities include a comfortable TV lounge, devices for connectivity, luggage storage, reading material, Xbox, refreshments, a nursery, some overnight facilities, and more. Does the Denver International Airport provide facilities for nursing moms? Yes. DEN offers Nursing Rooms that provide privacy, a sink, comfortable seating, a diaper changing table, and outlets. One is in the middle of the Jeppesen Terminal on Level 5. Other Nursing Rooms can be found in the center of Gates A, B, and C. Utilize the intercom next to each room to gain access. Are there any pet relief stations at Denver International Airport? Yes. If your pet or service animal needs to go as soon as you deplane, you can use the indoor pet relief stations that are at the center of the A, B, and C Concourses. When you exit the Jeppesen terminal at Door 200, you will find an outdoor pet relief area. Does the Denver International Airport offer any massage services? Yes. If you want to ease cramped muscles or get that crick out of your neck after your flight from SFO, you can get a massage at DEN at the A Massage spa, located on the Mezzanine level at the B Gates, airside. You could also enjoy massage and reflexology at the Colorado Oasis spa in the center core of the C Gates, airside. How do I get from Denver Airport to downtown Denver? The RTD bus service connects Denver Airport with the city and departs every 15m from the airport. The bus stop is located at the DEN Transit Center at the south end of Jeppesen Terminal. There is also an information counter in the arrivals hall if you have any questions about routes, fares, or directions. Day passes can be purchased for approximately $9 in cash (no change given) at the bus driver or with credit cards at the ticket machines. Where can I eat at Denver airport after I’ve landed? If you land at Jeppesen Terminal and fancy authentic American cuisine, opt for the Boulder Beer Tap House at level 5 on the west side of the terminal. Here you can consume scrumptious snacks, warm dishes, and craft beer. For Mexican food, the Cantina Grill at level 6 is also a good option to get something hearty to eat. Where can I find the car rental center at Denver airport? Explore the city and its surroundings conveniently with your own four wheels and rent a car directly from one of the companies located at the airport. The airport has its own car rental center which can be reached with a courtesy shuttle departing from Jeppesen Terminal at level 5, island 4. Companies operating at the airport include Avis, Thrifty, and Enterprise, which are at your service 24/7. Is there a hotel at Denver airport? The Westin Denver International Airport Hotel is just a few steps from the terminal building and provides transit flyers, late arrivals, or early departing passengers with a nearby bed. Apart from its over 500 rooms, the hotel boasts a conference center, pool, and gym, as well as various restaurants. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Denver? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from San Francisco to Denver. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Francisco to Denver? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Francisco to Denver flight route: Alaska Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, Avianca, Air Canada, and American Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Denver? The Boeing 737-900 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to Denver flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Denver? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between San Francisco and Denver. On which days can I fly direct from San Francisco to Denver? There are nonstop flights from San Francisco to Denver on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Denver, Southwest or Alaska Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Denver are Southwest and Alaska Airlines. With an average price for the route of $306 and an overall rating of 8.4, Southwest is the most popular choice. Alaska Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $422 and an overall rating of 8.3. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Denver? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Denver. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Denver? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Denver from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Denver? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Denver with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and DEN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Denver? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Denver from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to Denver Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $89 or less one-way and $157 or less round-trip. If you are taking an Uber when you land at the Denver International Airport (DEN), use the Ride App Pick-Up signs to guide you to your car and driver on Island 5 at Level 5. Uber SUV or Uber Black will meet you on Island 2 at Level 5. If you want to relax at the San Francisco International Airport (SFO) before your light your flight to Denver, consider stopping by one of the Yoga Rooms. Open 5:00 am to 11:00 pm, Yoga Rooms are in Terminal 2 at Boarding Area D or in Terminal 3 by Gate 69. If you have downtime at SFO and would like some entertainment, stop by the Movie and Portable Entertainment Rentals, where you can rent movies, games, and electronics. Open 8:00 am to midnight, these facilities are located in the Main Hall of the International Terminal and near Gates 71 and 80 in Terminal 3. If you’d like to fly cheap and nonstop from San Francisco to the Denver International Airport (DEN), you can book with Frontier Airlines. This low-cost airline offers regular flights from San Francisco to Denver and allows you to save some money on your journey for your time away. For anyone who has extra time on their hands before their departure from San Francisco International Airport (SFO) and who are interested in everything connected to airports and airplanes, a visit at the Aviation Museum & Library is right up the sleeve. You can find it in the main hall of the international terminal building and get access between 10:30 am and 4:30 pm. Let your children use up their energy before boarding your flight from San Francisco to Denver and check out the Kids’ Spots at Terminal 3, Area F, and Area E. Tubes, toys, and interactive activities keep the little ones entertained until it is time to board. Roaming through the San Francisco airport allows you to spot all the exhibited art from regional artists. The SFO Museum and Art Collection welcome and see off travelers in style with various art installations, pictures, and sculptures. Pigs and dogs are usually not a common sight at airports, but at San Francisco airport they belong to the crew. The Wag Brigade consists of various specially trained dogs and a pig who give travelers a joyful (and sometimes wet) welcome and goodbye. They can be detected by their "Pet Me" vests and wagging tails while wandering through the terminals. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Francisco to Denver Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from San Francisco to Denver Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Francisco to Denver Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +7 more ANA, Air Canada, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +7 more ANA, Air Canada, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +8 more ANA, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Thursday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +7 more ANA, Air Canada, +8 more 6 7 Friday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +7 more ANA, Air Canada, +8 more 6 7 Saturday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +8 more ANA, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Sunday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +7 more ANA, Air Canada, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Denver Intl to San Francisco Search Flights Monday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +7 more ANA, Air Canada, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +7 more ANA, Air Canada, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +8 more ANA, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Thursday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +7 more ANA, Air Canada, +8 more 6 7 Friday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +7 more ANA, Air Canada, +8 more 6 7 Saturday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +8 more ANA, Air Canada, +9 more 7 8 Sunday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +7 more ANA, Air Canada, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Denver See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Denver. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Denver? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14219 reviews 86overall 87boarding 90crew 80entertainment 84comfort 78food Airline reviews Pros: "Check in was great" Cons: "There was a women on the flight with a dog. She went down the isle and was letting children pet it. I felt this lwas dangerous, as you never know what a child or dog are going to do. I had a nurse sitting next to me and she said you can’t believe how many children are bit by dogs who have no history. The crew did nothing to stop this" Pros: "Check in was great" Cons: "There was a women on the flight with a dog. She went down the isle and was letting children pet it. I felt this lwas dangerous, as you never know what a child or dog are going to do. I had a nurse sitting next to me and she said you can’t believe how many children are bit by dogs who have no history. The crew did nothing to stop this" Pros: "Crew was nice, food we had cookies and inflight beverages." Pros: "Boarding process went very smoothly. Flight was on time when many others at the same airport were not. Capitan keep us informed well. Baggage came up very quickly in Denver." Cons: "Plane comfort was okay but should be better. Need to review newer seats." Pros: "Gate staff was great!" Cons: "10 mins late for "paperwork". Flight crew was late getting to the plane in the first place." Pros: "The seats feel roomy, staff is great." Cons: "Departing an hour late is hard but I know it happens." Pros: "crew was amazing,yes! announcer very funny. I love that checked bags are included, it's definitely a bonus that they are not an extra charge. Our flight was very early in the morning. My husband and I both slept through most of it, happy that the attendants did not wake us up just to offer a drink" Cons: "I thought we checked in early enough,was the day before, approx 18 hours before flight time.We actually ended up almost last on the plane and had to sit in the very back row,was not comfortable at all. can't really complain though,great price and a relatively short non-stop flight. slept most of way" Cons: "the original flight was cancelled. the replacement flight was delayed. then we sat on the runway with no updates for almost 40 minutes. and we landed a half hour after the predicted landing time of 115p with no announcements to keep us updated. the woman next to me was stressing because of a connect" Pros: "Price of the flight. SFO gates were big encough that we could actually sit down AND charge tablet and phone." Cons: "Denver airport is showing its age. They need more charging stations. The SW Air gate was crowded. We had a 2 hour layover and had to get something to eat. ALl of the restuarants were overflowing. Flight from Denver was delayed after push off from gate. We sat on the ground for about 20 mins" Pros: "Their sense of humor and safety first." Cons: "My suitcase was soaked like it had been left out in the rain but my other one was dry. Delayed due to mechanical error for three hours then had to taxi back to gate for weather advisory. I was so tired that I couldn’t relax." Cons: "Our flight was cancelled and we had to wait 8 hours to get another flight" Pros: "The crew were very professional and friendly. The comfort of the seating was great as well." Pros: "Seats were very comfortable and they provided free movies with a seat console for a 2-hour flight. Great!" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Cons: "I was not notified that my card was declined and this caused a ton of delays" Pros: "Crew was friendly and fun. Seats were roomy with plenty of leg room." Cons: "No soap in bathroom stall. Told crew who tried to correct it but it was broken. Boo..." Cons: "delayed leaving, delayed arriving, sat on tarmac on both ends..." Pros: "I always enjoy Alaska but this was another level. I was horribly late and still processing at security with 10mins until take off and the guy at the gate called me to see where I was - gave me mins to make it - which I did - just.. I was traveling to San Diego to meet my family for the weekend - I would’ve been in severe trouble had I missed the flight. Thanks Alaska!!" Cons: "We were to leave the airport at 3pm, but didn't leave until 5pm. So we ended up arriving at 6:30 instead of 4:30. Not happy at all" Pros: "Friendly staff" Cons: "-Delayed departure (almost 2 hrs). -Gate change with missing flight info at the new gate screen until the last minute. Lots of confused passengers asking if the gate was correct due to the flight leaving late." Pros: "The crew was excellent. The entertainment was good." Cons: "They changed our seats from the original ones. We ended up in the last seats. No way to recline. Very noisy." Cons: "Wouldn’t change a thing! I don’t always fly! But when I do!! I fly delta!!" Pros: "The staff at Delta are always friendly and helpful and they were able to squeeze me onto a very full flight." Cons: "My monitor isn’t really working after rebooted. And the audio hole wasn’t tight enough" Pros: "Terrible seats! It keeps getting worse." Cons: "Timing of leaving the airport! It was delayed and I missed my international flight" Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "The crew on the airplane was great. We had 2.5 hours turbulences but the crew started to give out drinks as soon they got the ok from the pilot" Cons: "We went in LGA to the Baggage drop off and the employee there was super rude. On the flight to New York with Delta we had to check our carry ons at the gate because it wasn't enough room for bags in the airplane.so we asked when we checked our one suitcase if we can/should check our carry ons to avoid having to do it at the gate. The delta employee told me sure no problem. He checks in my one suitcase I purchased gives me the tracking paper and says ok have a good flight. I asked him so what is with our carry ons and he told us that that would cost 25$ and we can't check those in at the drop off?!?We ended up taking the carry ons with to the gate and then off course there wasn't enough room on the airplane that we had to check it in. And surprise it was free?? We had never issues with Lufthansa, icelandair etc. with checking our bags at drop off to not needing to carry it around and than still end up to check it at the airplane. Every airline has been more than happy that we volunteer to check our bags that they don't have the trouble at the gate." Pros: "Free drinks and snacks - great entertainment system (please read this Frontier)!" Cons: "Boarding process was agonizingly slow and ineffective" Pros: "Flew us safely home." Cons: "We waiting on the runway for over a long period." Pros: "Good movies and tv selection. Seat next to me was empty, so that was great." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Call back service was best part." Cons: "Booked ticket through venture card points. This meant that the email address and phone number to contact us in the event of changes was mediocre information. I was informed from Tripit that the flight was delayed, not by Delta. Reservation personnel took logical course of action to find new flight for connection that we could make because of delayed initial flight. I would recommend that they first see if there is an earlier initial flight that the customer could make, then look at finding later connecting flights. We found out about delay 8 hours prior, so we had plenty of time to get to the airport earlier. Total delay required me to take additional day off of work." Pros: "Prompt departure and arrival. Efficient inflight crew. Simple inflight entertainment on personal devices." Cons: "Snacks. Please serve basic snacks sun country" Pros: "Everything was well executed; friendly staff, clean plane, good entertainment options" Pros: "We boarded and took off on time. The staff was friendly." Pros: "The plane is a decent size, first plane had decent sized seats and headrests that were adjustable, second plane had smaller seats and no headrest, crew was friendly and like that it was a direct flight. Over all a decent flight." Cons: "My duffle bag was damaged, when I arrived to Minneapolis one of the handles had been ripped off" Cons: "have not seen a receipt from Kayak? I will not use Kayak again." Pros: "Best landing in my 20 years of flying." Cons: "The plane crew were great but the check-in crew were not professional. The plane was late and they didn't provide an ETA...on both flights. When the plane was delayed going out of SFO, they didn't say anything until 30 mins after we were supposed to fly out. As passengers, I know we are not in charge of when the plane will arrive and when we can board...that's obvious. BUT the check-in crew should have that information and should be able to communicate (approximate) wait times to us. That's all... :)" Cons: "Flight Attendant skipped our row when offering drinks. No wifi, no entertainment, no snacks. Paid $25 to check one small bag." Pros: "Was upgraded to an exit row seat and when I asked the price the agent said it was a courtesy upgrade. It made a big difference in my comfort since I am 6'4"." Cons: "I was one of the last ones to check in on a flight I had already purchased a ticket for in economy seats but had to pay $15 extra at check in for an economy seat. Paying extra should be if I want to upgrade a seat and not for a seat in an area that I already paid for. This was definitely not an upgraded seat. I will avoid flying Sun Country in the future." Pros: "2nd leg of flight... Again, Everything was great, no complaints. The roomy, leather seats made the 21/2 hr flight easy. The crew was very respectful and professional. The way flying is suppose to be. Thank you. John" Cons: "No complaints." Cons: "There are too many announcements on the screen before you can start watching entertainment. It takes about 15 minutes." Pros: "Good entertainment choices." Cons: "Uncomfortable seat with insufficient legroom wouldn't recline. Inadequate overhead storage (full flight)" Cons: "The gate agents called all boarding groups with the boarding queue extending the entire length of the jet bridge and into the terminal beyond the gate area, making us stand in line ten to fifteen minutes longer for no reason." Pros: "The flight itself was fine." Cons: "The gate change was not announced on my phone app (changed from E7 to D49). I hate leaving out of Terminal E at MIA. There is no point to having TSA Pre-Check if you have to stand in line with people who don't have it. I have to remove my liquids and laptop. It's such a shabby, run-down terminal." Cons: "American Airlies no longer partners with T-Mobile for free WiFi. :-(" Cons: "It would’ve been nice if we made it to fort Meyers!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The seat assignments based on loyalty status - rude gate agents" Pros: "Pretty standard flight" Cons: "Inconvenient timing and overcrowded with obnoxious children sitting on laps. No attempts made to change their behavior by crew or parents." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Took off 40 minutes late, rude attendants, very hot on plane, no apologies from staff for being late. Worst flight in a long time." Cons: "I could not pre-check or request different seats on the CP website. I think that this was because of issues with the website, apparently due to IT system communication between American Airlines and Cathay Pacific.......on all six flights. On the transfer in San Francisco, Customs was closed when we arrived in San Francisco and we had to haul all of our baggage from one terminal to the other. There was no direction on how to handle this issue of Customs being closed while on the flight to San Francisco. I had to explain the issue of to the CP customer service crew in SF. The CP desk and they had never heard of it. American Airlines was equally poorly trained. I will also say that while at the CP customer service, there were three young adult males that we're not busy at the time and the watched us unload the baggage carts onto the scales and conveyor and then reloaded on to the carts to push to the AA terminal. We handled the bags two additional times because the CP staff did not know what to do and how to handle it. Other passengers were confused as well." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Denver Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Denver found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/9Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 40mSFO-DEN $35 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopFrontier 7h 13mSFO-DEN $39 Search 1/23Tue 1 stopDelta 4h 55mSFO-DEN $97 Search 3/9Sat 1 stopAlaska Airlines 6h 25mSFO-DEN $109 Search 1/23Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 42mSFO-DEN $113 Search 1/23Tue 2 stopsDelta 8h 14mSFO-DEN $126 Search 3/5Tue 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 11h 59mSFO-DEN $127 Search 4/12Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 43mSFO-DEN $152 Search 4/12Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 36mSFO-DEN $162 Search 12/28Thu 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 11h 03mSFO-DEN $368 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierDeltaAlaska AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$40 or less$110 or less$130 or less$150 or less$370 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Denver Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Denver that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 14h 45mSFO-DEN 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 3h 04mDEN-SFO $92 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 35mSFO-DEN 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 3h 04mDEN-SFO $98 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 11h 27mSFO-DEN 12/7Thu multi-stop 14h 50mDEN-SFO $175 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 10h 29mSFO-DEN 12/18Mon multi-stop 8h 47mDEN-SFO $256 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 59mSFO-DEN 12/9Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 53mDEN-SFO $257 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 17h 25mSFO-DEN 12/3Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 49mDEN-SFO $324 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAlaska Airlines 7h 00mSFO-DEN 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 8h 45mDEN-SFO $427 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 8h 34mSFO-DEN 12/18Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 13h 47mDEN-SFO $476 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 37mSFO-DEN 12/9Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 31mDEN-SFO $742 Search 12/2Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 37mSFO-DEN 12/6Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 51mDEN-SFO $746 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$100 or less$260 or less$320 or less$480 or less$750 or less San Francisco - Denver Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: Denver (DEN)United States Return flight deals: Denver - San Francisco Cabin classes: $640 First Class flights to Denver $704 Business Class flights to Denver $709 Prem Econ Class flights to Denver $66 Economy Class flights to Denver Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $74Flights from San Francisco to Denver Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Colorado » Denver $74Flights to Denver, Denver Compare transportation modes for San Francisco to Denver Average price Average duration Flights $731 2h 32m Trains $278 0h 00m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Denver flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Denver from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Denver from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.