Cheap Flights from San Diego to Hawaii from $94 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from San Diego to Hawaii from $94 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 3/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Hawaii ...and more Latest Hawaii Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULARHonolulu From San Diego 1 stop from $216 Search Flights Kahului From San Diego Nonstop from $197 Search Flights Kailua-Kona From San Diego 1 stop from $171 Search Flights Lihue From San Diego 1 stop from $187 Search Flights Hilo From San Diego 1 stop from $207 Search Flights Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $94 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 25% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 45% increase in price. Flight from San Diego to Kailua-Kona FAQs - booking Hawaii flights Where are Daniel K. Inouye International Airport's (KOA) pet/service animal relief areas? Passengers traveling with their service animal or pet through HNL, shouldn’t worry about their pets' or service animals' potty needs; the Airport got you covered. HNL has several delegated pet/service animal relief areas. At HNL, on Terminal 1 in the C.B. Lansing Garden and at the ground level of Terminal 2 in the Hawaiian Garden are the Airport’s pet/service animal relief areas. Moreover, HNL has outdoor pet/service animal relief areas between the Terminal 2 Parking Lot and International Parking Lot where service animals and pets can take a relief break in the grassy fenced region. At the outdoor and indoor pet/service animal relief areas HNL supplies fresh water, plastic waste bags, and receptacles. Do I need a passport or visa to fly from San Diego to Hawaii? American citizens traveling from San Diego to Hawaii don’t need to own a visa or passport. However, you’ll have to own an official driver’s license from the state you live in. In case you don’t hold a driver’s license, you’ll need to have an official identification card from your home state. Your identification card or driver’s license will need to be valid for the duration of your safari otherwise you’ll need to renew before you set out for your journey to Hawaii. Are there nursing rooms at San Diego International Airport (SAN)? Yes. SAN offers several lactation rooms for mothers. SAN’s lactation rooms include a hand washing station, artwork, comfortable seating, electrical outlets, soft lighting, and a kid’s seat. At SAN, the lactation rooms are situated after security on Terminal 1 West Rotunda, on the second level across from the elevator, Terminal 2 West, on the second level close to Gates 35 and 35, and Terminal 1 East Rotunda, on the ground level. What are the most common layover cities for flights from San Diego to Hawaii? For passengers who like a break during a long trip, such as to Hawaii from San Diego, the route will involve at least one layover stop depending on your arrival airport and your preferred airline. Honolulu is the route’s most popular layover island, especially when flying to other islands in Hawaii such as Maui, Lanai, Molokai, and Kauai. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Diego to Hawaii? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Diego to Hawaii. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Diego to Hawaii? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Hawaii from San Diego is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Diego to Hawaii? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Hawaii with an airline and back to San Diego with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Diego to Hawaii? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Hawaii from San Diego up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Hawaii Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from San Diego to the following destinations at these prices or less: Honolulu $164 one-way - $256 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be June and July. The cheapest month to fly from San Diego is December. On average*, there is no price difference when choosing to fly in the morning or the evening on this flight route. Daniel K. Inouye International Airport (HNL) is one of the primary airports serving Hawaii. The Airport is the primary hub for Hawaii Airlines and Mokulele Airlines; both airlines facilitate flights to Hawaii from San Diego. San Diego International Airport (SAN) is one of the airports serving the County of San Diego. SAN is a base for the passenger airline, Alaska Airline, which offers flights from San Diego to Hawaii. If you need a spot to relax before you fly to Hawaii SAN has a variety of lounges on its premises. On Terminal 2 there is the Aspire Lounge close to Gates 23 and 33, Delta Sky Club, and United Club next to the Gate Mezzanine. Kapalua Airport (JHM) is one of the airports serving the Island of Maui and the State of Hawaii. Mokulele Airlines is the only passenger airline operating at the Airport offering flights to Hawaii from San Diego. Kona International Airport (KOA) is one of the primary airports that serve the island of Hawaii. KOA is a hub for Mokulele Airlines, which facilitates flights from San Diego to Hawaii. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from San Diego to HawaiiNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from San Diego to Hawaii? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19619 reviews 79entertainment 82overall 86crew 78food 82comfort 83boarding Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was very efficient. There was a medical emergency on board, and they dealt with it very professionally and effectively." Cons: "The boarding process was extremely disorganized. Gate attendants boarded Mosaic and Mint passengers, and then simply stopped boarding. Passengers ended up just scanning their own tickets and began boarding in a first-come-first-served manner."Read more about JetBlue Pros: "The crew was very efficient. There was a medical emergency on board, and they dealt with it very professionally and effectively." Cons: "The boarding process was extremely disorganized. Gate attendants boarded Mosaic and Mint passengers, and then simply stopped boarding. Passengers ended up just scanning their own tickets and began boarding in a first-come-first-served manner." Pros: "Concierge at check in helping me saving money." Cons: "Kayak and Travelocity making Sure to confirm if checked bags are included or not, the confirmation of flight purchase wasn’t clear enough and stated that Luggage info isn’t available at this moment so I got the big surprise at check in." Pros: "Flight departed on time, plane was clean, flight was smooth without issues of any sort." Pros: "Outstanding cabin service snacks & entertainment. Freezing cold cabin" Cons: "New gate area is AWFUL!! Filthy inadequate seating & restrooms Can’t hear gate announcements." Cons: "Plane delayed for 3 hours, poor communication explaining change of boarding times that were constantly pushed back." Pros: "Crew was nice, snack and drink access is a plus" Cons: "Delayed departure and then long wait to deplane due to ground crew issues on arrival. Arrived too late to use public transportation to get home and had to take a cab which is expensive and annoying." Cons: "Boarding took a long time. We were waiting in the tunnel for longer than usual." Cons: "Tv controls on armrest are a bad design. Seats aren’t too comfy." Pros: "We traveled MINT and really enjoyed the crew and our option to board first. My wife is walking disabled and we had wheel chair service right to the door of the aircraft." Cons: "When we arrived in Boston, we sat on the tarmac for almost an hour waiting for an available gate. Then when the walkway was secured, no one was there to meet my wife with the wheel chair until all the passengers had disembarked. The delays stressed us out and we had a limo waiting for us." Cons: "I didn’t get to pick my seating when I booked the flight (probably because the flight is so close to Christmas) me and my friend were put in middle seats (him in the row behind me) it was very hard to sleep that way. It would’ve been nice to be put together seeing as I bought the tickets pretty far in advanced, or at least have gotten better seats." Pros: "Entertainment options excellent. Very happy to have my own row seat (exit row)." Cons: "Snack options (goldfish, biscotti cookie) getting tired." Cons: "The seat and area around me on this early morning flight were trashy-- old cups of cheese spread, cracker crumbs, and an empty water bottle." Pros: "Smooth and fast." Cons: "Headphones should be free. Also some free food would be nice." Cons: "The flight was more than 4 hours late making us miss our connections" Cons: "Bring ear buds if you want to watch/listen to a movie. Delta changes for ear buds Everything else was fine" Pros: "The crew was wonderful, the food was great, the ride was wonderful." Pros: "Delta was OK" Cons: "Lack of attention by the fly stuard in Virgin Australia Virgin had a 45´delay" Pros: "Departing" Cons: "More than 4.5 hrs in taxi waiting to take off. Due to “few rain” and after 3.5 hrs we needed to refuel when we were about FINALLY close to our turn for take off. Horrible service by DELTA. Never flying again with them" Cons: "Very late .missed connection. Agents in Detroit were worthless to get us on different connection" Pros: "That we finally arrived." Cons: "That we didn't arrive even remotely close to when we were supposed to." Cons: "Having an option for someone with wheat allergies ... As well as peanuts .... Chips work as long as they are not friends fried in peanut oil. I found that the crew would hit into my shoulder without saying "excuse me" ... Other people passed by me and they didn't seem to have a passing without banging into me." Pros: "Overall the experience was okay." Cons: "Flight attendant was the most intense covid person I’ve experienced on any flight... militantly going up and down the isles making sure everyone’s mask was perfect. Annoying to say the least." Pros: "Very quick flight, arrived way before the estimated time of arrival." Pros: "The crew did great" Cons: "During covid-19 they are not even attempting at providing a modicum of social distancing. Every seat in both of my flights was completely filled, meaning that we were squished up next to everyone despite any efforts to stay 6ft away from each other in the airports. Many passengers were wearing their masks incorrectly (not covering their nose, TAKING OFF THE MASK TO SNEEZE) and were not being asked to wear their mask properly by staff. I felt completely unsafe and won't be flying American again until there is a vaccine for covid." Cons: "Don’t get the egg salad breakfast sandwich. It’s got more turkey and cheese than egg salad." Cons: "Seat pitch was too tight, especially when the person in front of me pushed their seat back." Pros: "Free tv which is rare" Cons: "I had selected my seats ahead of time and they weren’t kept. Day of I tried to buy a seat and it told me there were tech issues and I had to go to a front desk to check in/purchase. Well all that got me was the very last row, middle seat. No recline and seriously no leg room or breathing room once the person in the row ahead leans back. Crew was not helpful. Not to mention, the security line was outrageously long and I got to my flight just before it left only to find out my seating arrangement and be presented with more disappointment. Took over an hour where I’ve never waited more than 20 minutes in this airport (I fly often). Didn’t have time to go to BR or grab a snack Then my second flight was (again another middle seat) way too warm. The attendants said “there’s nothing we can do”. I was so nauseous and uncomfortable the whole time." Pros: "Quick and easy" Cons: "Overbooked flight. Had to check in carry on for not having any space available" Cons: "The original booked flight was about 12 hours before the rebooked flight. We got up at about 2:00 am to leave for the airport at 3:30 am for a 6:30 am flight. We were all packed and booked our ride and shuttinlpg down the computer at the last minute when we noticed an mail after midnight telling us the flight was cancelled. We called and were told there was nothing they could do, due to connections and this was entirely their fault. Approximately 12 hours later we took a “red eye” thus arriving a day late for our hotel and car reservations. We were charged baggage fees and not sure if our priority boarding will be refunded." Pros: "Comfortable chairs" Cons: "Pilot's skill level and ability - lots of maneuvering and a very poor landing" Pros: "Boarding was smooth and took an average amount of time. We arrived exactly on time. Staff were all friendly and helpful. Plane was clean.. overall very pleasant !" Pros: "The flight was very good and no problems were encountered." Cons: "Nothing to complain about." Pros: "Quick flight , no complaints" Cons: "The leg room for the seats is so tiny compared to other planes I’ve been on" Pros: "Fast and effective. On time and crew was nice and helpful." Cons: "They passed out drinks late !! Too close to landing time ." Pros: "What wasn't there to like it was truly amazing. I had a great time." Pros: "The crew and flight was excellent. Two short flights to get to my destination." Cons: "Their new fare for budget flights processing is outrageous. I was advised booking the flight carrying size only undervfront seat storage. Then got an email explaining how this works. Then tried to checkin online 24 hours prior and you can't since you are not checking baggage. Got to airport to find that can't checkin except at counter as you need a UAL employee to scan their I'd during process to get boarding pass. Waited for employee and then she was rude about it. Again reminded me I can't bring anything else onboard or will cost me extra at gate. If UAL wants to offer this they need to be more customer friendly. I was far from impressed for the inconvenience I experienced being s longtime UAL Frequent Flier." Cons: "Seat area had a good deal of trash around it and in the seat back pocket" Pros: "We arrived safely on time." Cons: "Bathroom is too small. Announcements were anxiety inducing. Sick people on the airplane spreading germs." Pros: "How nice the crew was" Cons: "That I was in the middle and lost my phone at the airport" Cons: "Flight was changed on me last minute so I had to call United and see if I could negotiate a better flight time. Layover in LA went 3-4 hours longer than expected so I ended up getting in a lot later than expected, meaning I had less time to spend with my wife. I missed my flight on my way back - I think when everyone was boarding, I somehow misinterpreted the digital sign that said "Ontario" to mean that they were boarding for Ontario. I had to sleep in the airport that night because I missed the flight - most uncomfortable experience ever! I paid for United's lounge but they weren't open 24/7. Then they almost didn't let me in the next morning to the lounge because technically it was only for that 1 night, even though I had been at the airport all the same. Lesson learned - maybe I should just drive to SD rather than fly." Pros: "Quick trip." Cons: "Other passengers. People are really do well on flights these days." Cons: "Frontier is an airlines that doesn't care about its customer. Period!" Pros: "They did a great job and baggage is free for active-duty military" Cons: "They did a great job and baggage is free for active-duty military. Bathrooms were clean and staff was professional." Pros: "Cost of ticket" Cons: "Paying for bag delays and the chairs and no free snacks offered" Pros: "Everyone was very nice and funny. Definitely going to use Frontier even if they cost more. The pilot gave us a smooth comfortable ride. The staff all around were absolutely professionals and kind to boot." Cons: "The fact you wont accept gift debit cards or money. I kept my credit cards home for safety reasons. I could not buy anything. The isle was hard to walk down It was very small." Pros: "Cheap flight . Luckily looked into there baggage rules. Cheap flight means they don't offer any entertainment nor complimentary drinks.I didn't know this but would use thier services again and again at the prices I paid." Cons: "The change of flights. Had to stay in airport overnight!" Cons: "Over an hour late. Again. Never flying frontier in the future. This was my first and last experience with them." Cons: "the seats.. the space.. the arm rests.. the tray tables.. everything" Cons: "The delayed flight and the smell of puke for the entire duration of the flight after an indicidual puked before leaving the gate." JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from San Diego to Hawaii Recent one-way flight deals 3/1Fri 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 8h 39mSAN-KOA $94 Search 4/29Mon 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 7h 55mSAN-LIH $94 Search 2/12Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 10mSAN-OGG $99 Search 2/23Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 11h 44mSAN-HNL $108 Search 2/13Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 10h 57mSAN-KOA $108 Search 2/13Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 34mSAN-OGG $108 Search 2/7Wed 1 stopDelta 11h 25mSAN-HNL $120 Search 2/28Wed 1 stopDelta 13h 44mSAN-KOA $120 Search 2/5Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 28mSAN-HNL $124 Search 2/20Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 38mSAN-KOA $132 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesAlaska AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$90 or less$110 or less$110 or less$120 or less$130 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 1/26Fri 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 9h 07mSAN-KOA 1/27Sat 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 8h 49mKOA-SAN $171 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 10h 35mSAN-KOA 1/20Sat 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 8h 49mKOA-SAN $187 Search 1/14Sun nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 10mSAN-OGG 1/18Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 20mOGG-SAN $197 Search 1/16Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 9h 55mSAN-HNL 1/21Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 51mHNL-SAN $216 Search 1/22Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 34mSAN-OGG 1/27Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 36mOGG-SAN $216 Search 2/19Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 11h 44mSAN-HNL 2/26Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 10h 18mHNL-SAN $217 Search 1/14Sun nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 10mSAN-OGG 1/22Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 20mOGG-SAN $227 Search 1/16Tue 1 stopDelta 15h 28mSAN-HNL 1/25Thu 1 stopDelta 10h 11mHNL-SAN $233 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 11h 18mSAN-LIH 12/14Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 8h 50mLIH-SAN $234 Search 1/21Sun 1 stopDelta 11h 23mSAN-HNL 1/22Mon 1 stopDelta 7h 15mHNL-SAN $235 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesAlaska AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$190 or less$220 or less$220 or less$230 or less$240 or less Last minute flights from San Diego to Hawaii Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/3Sun multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 8h 20mSAN-LIH 12/10Sun multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 8h 45mLIH-SAN $223 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 8h 29mSAN-KOA 12/8Fri multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 8h 50mKOA-SAN $239 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 11h 12mSAN-OGG 12/20Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 40mOGG-SAN $251 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 11h 09mSAN-HNL 12/11Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 10h 19mHNL-SAN $262 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 13h 19mSAN-OGG 12/20Wed multi-stopDelta 10h 16mOGG-SAN $295 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 9h 01mSAN-HNL 12/8Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 53mHNL-SAN $319 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 19mSAN-HNL 12/6Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 40mHNL-SAN $327 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 44mSAN-HNL 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 34mHNL-SAN $344 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 13h 19mSAN-OGG 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 12h 46mOGG-SAN $345 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 19mSAN-HNL 12/9Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 40mHNL-SAN $357 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$240 or less$260 or less$320 or less$340 or less$360 or less San Diego - Hawaii Flights Departure: San Diego (SAN)United States Return flight deals: Hawaii - San Diego Cabin classes: $574 First Class flights to Hawaii $1,170 Business Class flights to Hawaii $1,223 Prem Econ Class flights to Hawaii $111 Economy Class flights to Hawaii Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Diego $171Flights from San Diego to Hawaii Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Hawaii $551Flights to Hana, Hawaii $207Flights to Hilo, Hawaii $222Flights to Honolulu, Hawaii $777Flights to Hoolehua, Hawaii $197Flights to Kahului, Hawaii $222Flights to Kailua, Hawaii $171Flights to Kailua-Kona, Hawaii $402Flights to Kapalua, Hawaii $187Flights to Kaua'i, Hawaii $503Flights to Lanai City, Hawaii $187Flights to Lihue, Hawaii $197Flights to Maui, Hawaii $222Flights to O'ahu, Hawaii $171Flights to The Big Island, Hawaii $539Flights to Waimea (Kamuela), Hawaii View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Oakland Flights to Salt Lake City Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Hawaii flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Hawaii from San Diego. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Hawaii from San Diego. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.