Cheap Flights from Dallas Fort Worth to Las Vegas from $29 | (DFW - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW DFW - LAS Find cheap flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Dallas to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dallas to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:27 pm - 10:39 pmDFW-LAS 3h 12mnonstop 7:23 pm - 12:07 amLAS-DFW 2h 44mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Wed, Jan 24 11:23 pm - 12:28 amDFW-LAS 3h 05mnonstop 9:02 am - 6:53 pmLAS-DFW 7h 51m1 stop $64Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 17 5:07 pm - 6:18 pmDFW-LAS 3h 11mnonstop 3:44 pm - 8:32 pmLAS-DFW 2h 48mnonstop $65Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Sat, Jan 27 10:55 am - 12:10 pmDFW-LAS 3h 15mnonstop 12:59 am - 2:10 pmLAS-DFW 11h 11m1 stop $68Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Mon, Jan 15 9:00 am - 10:04 amDFW-LAS 3h 04mnonstop 11:40 pm - 4:26 amLAS-DFW 2h 46mnonstop $71 Find Deal Sat, Feb 10 - Wed, Feb 14 11:23 pm - 12:28 amDFW-LAS 3h 05mnonstop 8:00 am - 12:40 pmLAS-DFW 2h 40mnonstop $75 Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 11:06 pm - 12:11 amDFW-LAS 3h 05mnonstop 5:00 am - 9:38 amLAS-DFW 2h 38mnonstop $76 Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Sat, Jan 20 12:45 pm - 11:43 pmDFW-LAS 12h 58m1 stop 9:30 am - 5:25 pmLAS-DFW 5h 55m1 stop $82Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 9:41 pm - 10:46 pmDFW-LAS 3h 05mnonstop 9:30 am - 5:25 pmLAS-DFW 5h 55m1 stop $95Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 8:56 am - 9:58 amDFW-LAS 3h 02mnonstop 12:18 am - 5:00 amLAS-DFW 2h 42mnonstop $210American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Fri, Jan 26 Show more results Flights from Dallas to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dallas to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas is September, where tickets cost $139 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is $237 and $236 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 34 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $58 on Frontier, followed by Spirit Airlines ($82). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $29 on Frontier and from $38 on Spirit Airlines. Which airlines fly most frequently between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Las Vegas? American Airlines connects Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas with up to 8 flights per day. Frontier also offers 1 flight per day, while Spirit Airlines follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas. They are: American Airlines, Frontier and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $59 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 7 and 15 nonstop flights that take off from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 3h 02m. The most common departure time is 10:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 79 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Monday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas take? The average nonstop flight takes 2h 42m, covering a distance of 1,052 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport at 5:10 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 6:13 am. What’s the latest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas jets off at 11:38 pm and lands at 12:43 am. Good to know Low season January High season March Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 23% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 30% increase in price. Flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas When to book flights from Dallas to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dallas to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas flights What are some good dining options at Dallas Love Field Airport? If you would like to grab a bite to eat, browse through the many dining options in Dallas Love Field Airport. The Cool River Cafe is a casual option that serves a variety of sandwiches, steaks, and seafood, while Sky Canyon has a Southwestern menu and an extensive wine list. Dunkin’ Donuts and Bruegger’s Bagels are also available for travelers that are short on time and would like to purchase to-go items. What are some good hotels near McCarran International Airport? The Hampton Inn & Suites is a budget-friendly choice that is only a 5-minute drive from McCarran International Airport and a 15-minute drive from the famous Las Vegas Strip. The DoubleTree by Hilton is a nice hotel that is a 6-minute drive to the airport and a 10-minute drive to the University of Nevada. What is there to do in Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport? If you have some free time at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, there are several things you can do. There is a gym and yoga room that are available to travelers wishing to exercise, and an Observation Area where you can watch the planes take off and land. Are there showers at McCarran International Airport? If you would like to shower upon landing at McCarran International Airport, there are three different options. Both the Club at LAS lounge and the Centurion Lounge have showers for travelers with access passes, and there are also showers located in the fitness center. Do I need a passport to fly between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Las Vegas? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airports will I be using when flying from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? When flying out of Dallas/Fort Worth Airport you will be using Dallas/Fort Worth. You will be landing at Las Vegas, also known as Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Delta, Japan Airlines, and JetBlue offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Las Vegas. On which days can I fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? There are nonstop flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Dallas to Las Vegas, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Dallas to Las Vegas are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $373 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $385 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and LAS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from DFW to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $59 or less one-way and $103 or less round-trip. Looking at flights from Dallas to Las Vegas? If so, there are two primary departure airports for you to choose from. While Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport is the primary airport in the region and is known for being the headquarters of American Airlines, Dallas Love Field Airport is a smaller choice that serves as the headquarters for Southwest Airlines. If you are an art enthusiast, make sure to look at the various exhibitions located throughout Dallas Love Field Airport. The North Texas Sunrise project is located in the Main Lobby, while a variety of other works from local artists are spread throughout the different departure terminals. For those who would like a comfortable place to pass the time before their flight leaves, consider purchasing an access pass to one of the private lounges at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. American, Delta, and United Airlines all have lounges in this airport, and they often offer complimentary or discounted passes for their customers. If you’re traveling with kids, make sure to stop by the children’s play area in Dallas Love Field Airport before your flight from Dallas to Las Vegas takes off. This play area is placed in the Connector Hallway and contains a variety of toys and activities that are designed to entertain kids of all ages. To decompress after your flight lands, pay a visit to one of the slot machine areas in McCarran International Airport. These slot machines are available for all travelers ages 21 and older, and they are a convenient way to relax and get into the spirit of Las Vegas after a long day of traveling. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Dallas/Fort Worth to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Dallas/Fort Worth to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday American Airlines, British Airways, Frontier, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 Tuesday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +7 more American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday American Airlines, British Airways, Frontier, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 Thursday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +7 more American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more 6 7 Friday American Airlines, British Airways, Frontier, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 Saturday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +7 more American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more 6 7 Sunday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +7 more American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Dallas/Fort Worth Search Flights Monday American Airlines, British Airways, Frontier, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 Tuesday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +7 more American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday American Airlines, British Airways, Frontier, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 Thursday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +7 more American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more 6 7 Friday American Airlines, British Airways, Frontier, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 Saturday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +7 more American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more 6 7 Sunday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +7 more American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Dallas to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Dallas to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dallas to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 78entertainment 79food 82comfort 88crew 85overall 85boarding Airline reviews Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport" Pros: "The snack was a whole sandwich that was quite tasty and in my opinion far better than the two meals I was served on my US to Europe flight on Condor. The staff were very kind, accommodating and served us damp linens to wipe our hands with before eating, which I did not receive on the Condor flight." Pros: "Overall, a great experience." Cons: "The flight attendants were excellent overall, but one of them reacted unprofessionally when I asked her to throw something away prior to departure. (I believe it was the first class flight attendant, as I did not interact with her again after take off)." Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Pros: "No hassle and easy boarding." Cons: "More room and limit on size of luggage in the overhead compartment." Pros: "The flight itself was as expected." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3+ hours with no reasoning shared with travelers. No compensation, complimentary beverage, etc. was provided." Cons: "Miss airline meals but realize this was a short flight. Everyone was great." Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "I didn’ ask for internet but i was charged$25 I don’t know what to name it !" Pros: "Friendly staff" Cons: "No food offered but I usually don’t eat food but some passengers were asking about the food service" Pros: "Was going to miss the flight and was able to rebook since I was in the check in window for just $50. Really awesome." Pros: "Seating is better than most other airlines. In seat entertainment option, bring headphones. Accommodating crew. Beverage and snacks provided at no cost." Pros: "The crew was extremely helpful and friendly!" Cons: "The seats, overall, could have been more comfortable... I have somewhat of a backache after my trip." Cons: "No ear plugs offered and my iPhone jack didn’t fit." Cons: "Delayed flight planning - would have been nice to delay the flight before boarding." Cons: "Flight was delayed almost 3 hrs. Ran out of food right before my row. I upgraded my seat but feel I got the short end of the stick." Pros: "Just a great experience Delta is still above the rest excluding Hawaiian" Cons: "Cant think of anything" Pros: "The crew was great and the service was quick and very nice." Cons: "It sounds weird but I didn’t know which window was mine so I had one shut and the one in front of me shut during the flight." Cons: "We were already very delayed, the flight crew was not nice" Cons: "After a delay of about an hour on a very full flight the gate agent asked for volunteers to check their rollaboard suitcases. The gate agents then allowed those who checked their rollaboards to board before Zone 1,which was fine. However, a bunch of people without gate check stickers on the rollaboards were also allowed to board before Zone 1, which was aggravating. There was a long delay on the tarmac, during which we had to pull back to the gate or to a maintenance area before we finally took off. When we arrived in Vegas there was no gate for us to pull into, which led to another long delay of an already long and delayed flight." Pros: "The comfort the professionalism of the staff everywhere I went" Cons: "Little pricey on rental and hotel." Pros: "The pilot was fine and kept us informed. However, the rest of the crew was awful. Not friendly, did not smile. What poor example of American Airline employees. No food was available in the main cabin. This was a 6:30 p.m. flight and there should have been menu items available, not just pretzels" Cons: "Crew and options for food. If I wanted pretzels, I would fly with Southwest. They have better service anyway." Pros: "Great crew - good attitudes." Cons: "Delayed for an hour due to a log book issue." Cons: "I expect better service from American Airlines, total disappointment. Given incorrect information by 2 gate agents concerning connecting flight delays." Pros: "Wi-Fi was great. Watched two movies. Flight was on time and painless" Cons: "Only complimentary snack was pretzels and only a cup of water." Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Cons: "It took entirely too long to board the plane. Then there were ‘mechanical issues’ that needed dealt with. Well, don’t have everyone sit on the plane for 60 minutes. Don’t continuously state ‘it’ll be fifteen minutes.’ Just give straight answers" Pros: "It was fine. Just not anything great." Cons: "Many groups were not seated together. at the airport I asked if my husband and I could be put together . One worker seemed interested in helping, but another rudely butted in and said there "were no seats together, the flight was full." Come to find out the flight was not full, there were whole rows not full. The groups near our seats rearranged ourselves so we could be by our family members, so it worked out. No thanks to the person at the terminal. Really long walk from the gate to the plane. No food on a cross country flight. Only a few cups of water/soda and a cookie. which unfortunately is typical now days. The lights were off the whole trip. The captain kept turning on the seat belt sign for the turbulence. Which there was a lot of. But then he would announce for everyone to go back to their seats. It wasn't huge bumps, just a little rough. and it woke everyone up by announcing it multiple times." Pros: "Not much" Cons: "Passengers brought hot food on board at Dallas. McDonalds and KFC odours were overwhelming for first 30 minutes." Pros: "Plane had mechanical issues. Say on plane for 50 minutes before taking off" Cons: "The flight was delayed by an hour because one flight attended didn’t come to work on time" Pros: "Got there safely." Cons: "The seats are miserable small and uncomfortable. More options for snacks for the cost of the ticket!!!" Pros: "On time flight." Cons: "Security was overzealous. I didn't know the standards changed for how many ounces you could carry over three days. The normal ounces of liquid was no more than 4.0 ounces. I had no problem going through security with that amount of spray deodorant flying from IAW, Dulles. DFW airport security says the limit is no more than 3.4 ounces. So they kept my harmless deodorant. I need TSA to get on the same sheet of music worldwide. People don't have time or money to waste having to deal with different TSA standards everywhere they go." Pros: "Flight was smooth, attendants were great." Cons: "I was so uncomfortable in my tiny seat. They are small and awful." Pros: "I liked that it was on time." Cons: "The flight attendants are rude and cranky. The plane was hot and over booked." Pros: "First of all the captain let us board early and get settled, the flight attendants were very friendly and the take off and landing were smooth, it was a great flight the seats were comfortable and the trip was short." Pros: "The view and legroom was nice." Cons: "I collect disability each month so I am on a very tight budget. The Spanish speaking woman that pushed my wheelchair told me that I can bring my water bottles full of water through the metal detectors. I asked if she could take me somewhere to pour them out and refill them on the other side. They threw them away at the metal detector. So I had to buy a new bottle for my medicine that I have to take. You would think she would have got it by me carrying these bottles around but nope. She actually said to me that I can give her gratuity now if I wanted. I gave her $1. She then replied in a sarcastic voice " Thankyou you are soooo generous. I don't like feeling obligated to tip somebody because I am disabled and have a bullet in my head." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "United told us our plane was delayed, then they cancelled it. No one notified us, we just sat there and found out for ourselves." Cons: "Pay for ticket and couldn't get a seat assignment. Had to go to the kiosk before my flight and try to get a seat. It processed for 5 minutes while I waited thinking it was stuck. Finally it told me there were no seats available unless I wanted to pay for upgrade. Gee I thought a seat came with the price of a ticket. Then there was no shoulder room in the seating and I am an average sized person. There was leg room because it was an exit row. Then they tried to sell me a round-trip ticket that was more costly than buying individual tickets. What a scam." Pros: "Not one thing." Cons: "I chose to fly UA back from a trip to Fort Worth because your price was cheaper than the airline I normally use. Boy do I know why! You have the rudest staff I have ever encountered. My day started out at 6:30am with one of your staff members rudely telling me I had to check my bag, which met all of the dimension requirements you put in place, because two notches on the back side of the carry on did not allow it to completely slide into the display. This women waited until you were halfway through the security line to call you back and make you measure the suitcase. So then you had to walk back through a long line and find yourself even FURTHER back in the line to get through security. She was so unprofessional- not compassionate, unpleasant attitude, and was all about making sure as many people as possible had to pay the extra $25 for a checked bag. The person I flew with is a military wife and you would not honor the free checked bag because her husband was not on the trip and this policy was not included anywhere on her flight documents. Again, the "customer service" reps were rude to her about this and she had to pay the $25 to check her bag. You do not believe in offering quality customer service or ensuring that we have a pleasant experience, you want our money and look to us as an opportunity to make a dollar. Never again!!!" Cons: "The United Airlines representatives gave me the wrong information about baggage fees and I ended up paying a lot more than I had to. Their training is very poor!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The aircraft looks like a WWI aircraft. So dirty. Floors were nasty with food not picked up from the last trip. Sits are extremely uncomfortable even for a 2 hr flogjt. Last minute flight so we had to do frontier... never again thou" Pros: "I survived!" Cons: "Disruptive passenger should have been removed! The flight was delayed 2 hours." Pros: "Really nice crew, really efficient boarding, I loved my seat assignment and the price was RIGHT!" Cons: "Couldn't recline the seats, pretty harsh that you don't even get pretzels but I get it y'all." Cons: "It would take little effort for the flight attendant to say which terminal the baggage claim is. If she can say the carousel number, she can say the terminal number. Half the flight went to the wrong baggage claim and had to wait in the heat for the shuttle in order to get to the right one." Pros: "Had to cancel due to the mass murder shooting in LAS and Frontier would not give me a full refund. Only a flight credit which I probably won’t be able to use" Cons: "I have not been on such a miserable flight in years." Cons: "First the seats are the most uncomfortable metal chairs wrapped with material I've ever sat in. A 20 minute flight I could handle but after four hour flight my back hurt. You ask to review entertainment and food...why? You offer nothing substantial for either one." Pros: "Price of flight" Cons: "Freezing cold, food selections, price of food for quantity you get, no blankets, leg space horrible, charging for upgraded leg room seats when seats were open, only giving ppl 30 seconds to move to a an empty free seat at no chrg, plane was not clean at all in bathrooms-disgusting: walls filthy, counters dirty and grimy, door & floors filthy, soap dispenser unsanitary, crew comments|conversations about travelers, should start boarding from the bk of the plane forward" Pros: "Awful. The ground crew and the plan crew were not in-sinc. The jet way was a least 10 inches below the plane door. The stewards crowd was surley. The plane was late leaving for unknown reasons. The whole passenger group was held up waiting on the two person clean up crew to empty the trash. No one seemed to care about the passengers." Pros: "nothing" Cons: "Terrible seating, small and cramped. I'm an average size guy 5'-10" 165lbs and the seats were awful, no padding, no leg room, don't recline, narrow metal arm rests. I left the plane with a sore back, leg cramps and total discomfort. never flying Frontier again!" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Dallas to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Dallas to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/9Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 15mDFW-LAS $29 Search 1/17Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 05mDFW-LAS $31 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 6h 17mDFW-LAS $38 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 6h 18mDFW-LAS $39 Search 12/18Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 13mDFW-LAS $40 Search 5/22Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 50mDFW-LAS $150 Search 5/22Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 46mDFW-LAS $160 Search 3/10Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 19mDFW-LAS $255 Search 12/13Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 12h 06mDFW-LAS $273 Search 1/5Fri 1 stopDelta 6h 02mDFW-LAS $277 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$30 or less$40 or less$150 or less$260 or less$280 or less Last minute flights from Dallas to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Dallas to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 17mDFW-LAS 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 53mLAS-DFW $101 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 05mDFW-LAS 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 51mLAS-DFW $103 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 15h 41mDFW-LAS 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 40mLAS-DFW $104 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 03mDFW-LAS 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 35mLAS-DFW $105 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 15mDFW-LAS 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 51mLAS-DFW $106 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 15mDFW-LAS 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 51mLAS-DFW $108 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 26h 18mDFW-LAS 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 53mLAS-DFW $109 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 17mDFW-LAS 12/11Mon multi-stopFrontier 19h 07mLAS-DFW $110 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 17mDFW-LAS 12/6Wed multi-stopFrontier 7h 35mLAS-DFW $111 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 3h 05mDFW-LAS 12/7Thu nonstop 2h 48mLAS-DFW $113 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit Airlines Search by price$100 or less$110 or less$110 or less$110 or less$110 or less Dallas/Fort Worth Airport - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW)United States Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Cabin classes: $872 First Class flights to Las Vegas $864 Business Class flights to Las Vegas $1,022 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas $53 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » United States » Texas » Dallas » Dallas/Fort Worth Airport $66Flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $66Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Houston Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Burbank Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Las Vegas from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.