Cheap Flights from Montreal to Orlando Airport from C$ 102 | (YUL - MCO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YUL - MCO Find cheap flights from Montreal to Orlando Airport from C$ 102 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 14/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Orlando. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Orlando. How much is the cheapest flight from Montreal to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Montreal to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:15 p.m. - 10:55 p.m.YUL-MCO 3h 40mdirect 8:10 a.m. - 11:14 a.m.MCO-YUL 3h 04mdirect C$ 118Lynx Air Find Deal Mon, 11 Dec - Thu, 14 Dec 12:25 p.m. - 4:05 p.m.YUL-MCO 3h 40mdirect 8:00 a.m. - 11:04 a.m.MCO-YUL 3h 04mdirect C$ 119Lynx Air Find Deal Tue, 12 Dec - Tue, 19 Dec 1:30 p.m. - 5:08 p.m.YUL-MCO 3h 38mdirect 6:20 p.m. - 9:29 p.m.MCO-YUL 3h 09mdirect C$ 178Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 14 Dec - Wed, 20 Dec 6:45 a.m. - 10:20 a.m.YUL-MCO 3h 35mdirect 11:30 a.m. - 2:40 p.m.MCO-YUL 3h 10mdirect C$ 182Air Transat Find Deal Fri, 15 Dec - Fri, 22 Dec 1:30 p.m. - 5:08 p.m.YUL-MCO 3h 38mdirect 8:30 a.m. - 11:39 a.m.MCO-YUL 3h 09mdirect C$ 183Air Canada Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Thu, 28 Dec 6:45 a.m. - 10:20 a.m.YUL-MCO 3h 35mdirect 11:30 a.m. - 2:40 p.m.MCO-YUL 3h 10mdirect C$ 202Air Transat Find Deal Thu, 14 Dec - Mon, 18 Dec 7:35 a.m. - 2:58 p.m.YUL-MCO 7h 23m1 stop 8:00 a.m. - 3:35 p.m.MCO-YUL 7h 35m1 stop C$ 206Porter Airlines Find Deal Mon, 11 Dec - Thu, 14 Dec 12:30 p.m. - 8:59 p.m.YUL-MCO 8h 29m2 stops 8:00 a.m. - 3:35 p.m.MCO-YUL 7h 35m1 stop C$ 226Porter Airlines Find Deal Mon, 11 Dec - Sun, 17 Dec 6:14 a.m. - 12:55 p.m.YUL-MCO 6h 41m1 stop 6:05 a.m. - 12:15 p.m.MCO-YUL 6h 10m1 stop C$ 252Delta Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Sun, 17 Dec 6:30 a.m. - 2:06 p.m.YUL-MCO 7h 36m1 stop 6:20 a.m. - 12:15 p.m.MCO-YUL 5h 55m1 stop C$ 253Delta Find Deal Fri, 26 Jan - Fri, 9 Feb Show more results Flights from Montreal to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Montreal to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Orlando Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Orlando Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Orlando Airport is November, where tickets cost C$ 384 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and February, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 688 and C$ 594 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Orlando Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Orlando Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Orlando Airport, you should book around 0 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 86 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Montreal to Orlando Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Lynx Air (C$ 102) and Air Transat (C$ 151). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Lynx Air (C$ 160) and Air Canada (C$ 242). Which airlines fly direct between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Orlando Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Orlando Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Orlando Airport. They are: Air Canada, Air Transat and Lynx Air. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Lynx Air at C$ 105. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Lynx Air. How many flights are there between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Orlando Airport per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 3 nonstop flights that take off from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and land in Orlando Airport, with an average flight time of 3h 37m. The most common departure time is 6:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 18 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Orlando Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Montreal to Orlando Airport take? The duration of a direct flight to Orlando Airport from Montreal is typically 3h 35m. The journey crosses a distance of 3,228 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Montreal to Orlando Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport at 6:35 am and will be landing in Orlando Airport at 10:10 am. What’s the latest departure time from Montreal to Orlando Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Orlando Airport jets off at 7:15 pm and lands at 10:55 pm. Good to know Low season October High season March Cheapest flight C$ 102 Best time to beat the crowds (12% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (6% more expensive on average) Flight from Montreal to Orlando Airport When to book flights from Montreal to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Montreal to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Montreal to Orlando Airport flights How do individuals travel from the city centre to YUL Airport in order to catch a plane to Orlando Airport from Montreal? The line 354 night bus, which costs C$ 4.5 and takes 29 minutes to travel to Montreal Airport (YUL) from Downtown Montreal, is the least expensive mode of transportation. Taxis cost C$ 32 and take 15 minutes to travel to Montreal Airport from Downtown Montreal, which makes them the quickest means of transportation to the airport. How easy is it to travel by plane with children from Montreal to Orlando? You can travel in comfort with your kids from Montreal to Orlando International Airport. As soon as they arrive at MCO, your kids can participate in a range of activities in the indoor playground that is situated in the international arrivals hall area of the airport. Some of the carriers that travel into MCO from Montreal, like Air Canada and American Airlines, offer complimentary internet services that will enable your kids to stream live their favorite cartoon networks. Can I fly directly into Orlando from Montreal? Several airlines connect Montreal to Orlando, including American Airlines, Air Canada, Air Transat, and Delta Airlines. Among these, only Air Transat offers direct flights. The other flight operators have either one or two stopovers. Depending on the airline you choose, your stopover might be in Toronto, Fort Worth, TX, or Atlanta, GA. Are there lounges at Orlando Airport? Orlando Airport boasts several airport lounges that provide stand-alone VIP services to travellers. For instance, you can lounge at the USO Welcome Centre situated on the airside of the Main Terminal (Level 1) or the American Airlines Admirals Club (Airside 3, Gates 30-59). Alternatively, you can relax at The Club at MCO and Delta Airlines Sky Club in Airside 4 at a membership fee of about US$ 545 (C$ 683). How can I get to the downtown area from Orlando Airport? You can get to the Orlando city centre via various ground transportation means. If you choose public transport, there are city express buses outside the Main Terminal on Level 1. The buses connect to the city centre with various stops. You can also hire a car from one of the rental agencies on the terminal's A and B sides. Instead, you can opt for cab services, although you'll pay a few dollars for pick-ups. Also, bus shuttles offer transfer services to various hotels before reaching the city centre for about $ 2 (C$ 2.51) per ride. Is there a hotel at Orlando Airport? The Hyatt Regency Orlando Airport Hotel is located inside the airport's Main Terminal. It provides convenient access to various points of interest, such as Port Canaveral, situated about 24 km away. For some few extra dollars, you get ultra-comfortable rooms, an outdoor pool, room service, access to a fitness centre, meeting and conference facilities, and digital keys. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Montreal to Orlando Airport? Air Canada, American Airlines, and JetBlue offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Montreal to Orlando Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Montreal to Orlando Airport? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Montreal to Orlando Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Montreal to Orlando Airport? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Montreal and Orlando Airport. On which days can I fly direct from Montreal to Orlando Airport? There are direct flights from Montreal to Orlando Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Montreal to Orlando, Delta or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Montreal to Orlando are Delta and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 473 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 558 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Montreal to Orlando Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Montreal to Orlando Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Montreal to Orlando Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando Airport from Montreal is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Montreal to Orlando Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando Airport with an airline and back to Montreal with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Montreal to Orlando Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando Airport from Montreal up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Montreal to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 151 or less one-way and C$ 236 or less round-trip. A higher number of people travelling from Montreal to Orlando opt to land at Orlando International Airport (MCO). Taft, Belle Isle, and Meadow Woods cities can be readily explored by travellers arriving at MCO Airport from Montreal airports, such as Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport (YUL), via taxis or buses. Despite the fact that other airports, such as Orlando Sanford Airport (SFB), serve flights Montreal to Orlando Airport, the majority of business travellers choose to use MCO Airport. MCO Airport is a popular point of arrival for visitors on business trips to central Florida due to its practical closeness to Orlando City, one of the most industrialized and inhabited cities in the region. The majority of travellers flying from Montreal to MCO originate via YUL Airport. Many travellers who take this route opt for YUL Airport instead of other nearby airports like Montreal Saint-Hubert Longueuil Airport (YHU) because it is simpler to access less expensive public transit options to the airport. Flights deals to Orlando Airport (MCO) are popular among business travellers, thanks to the flight hub's close proximity to the city centre, only 9.6 km away. Are you travelling with a child from Montreal? Pierre Elliott Trudeau Airport (YUL) offers a range of amenities, such as courtesy carts available at the boarding terminal's information desk. You'll also access an adjacent nursing room in each restroom and priority security screenings. If you want to wait for your flight departure in a tranquil and relaxing space for a fee of about C$ 34, Montreal Trudeau airport has several lounges that offer VIP experiences. They include the National Bank Lounge at Gate 53 of the international terminal, the Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge (Gates, 3, 52, and 73), and the Salon Odyssee Desjardins (Gate 63). Security screening checkpoints at Orlando Airport often have long waiting queues, making it challenging to get through the process. To avoid the time-consuming queues, you can install an app for airport security on your mobile device, which alerts you about delays and security checkpoint time as updated by other travellers. Alternatively, you can apply for the Clear program in advance and at a fee of about $ 15 (C$ 18.80) a month or an annual charge of around $ 179 (C$ 224), which will help you get through the security checks in less than 5min for up to 5 years. Want to park at Montreal Trudeau Airport? There is a multilevel parking facility that charges about C$ 38 for 24h. For short-term parking spaces situated near the Multilevel parking facility, you can expect to pay about C$ 9 for 20min. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Orlando Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines Air Canada,Air Transat, +1 more Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines Air Canada,Air Transat, +1 more Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines Air Canada,Air Transat, +1 more Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Brussels Airlines, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Montreal to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Montreal to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Montreal to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29961 reviews 81boarding 75food 81overall 85crew 78comfort 78entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible"Read more about Delta Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Pros: "We eventually got to Atlanta." Cons: "Delta is flying a lot of commuter planes, which are pretty cramped. We usually fly first class, and the seating is essentially the same as what coach used to be. There's nothing "first class" about it. And of course, the flight was hours late." Pros: "Zee was our flight attendant and she was absolutely wonderful. Personable, attentive, and she made sure each and every person on the plane was comfortable and happy, going so far as to move solo passengers to empty rows so they could have more space. I wish she could be on every flight I take." Pros: "On time, pleasant and friendly flight attendant, no unexpected issues or problems." Cons: "Grumpy gate attendants at YUL! Could not hear the captain’s comments over the PA system. Shouldn’t the volume be checked every so often? We were offered only water or coffee, bad enough, then there was no milk or cream on board, so water or black coffee... not very impressive! And there was no entertainment so I’d rate that zero but the scale only goes as low as one star." Cons: "We had to wait at the customs for nearly 1.5hrs, then pick up our luggage, then check in again!!! We were running and got on the plane 10 mins before the departure. Super stressful!!" Pros: "The people was relaxed and the flight attendant was polite and professional.. everything was on time" Cons: "Nothing at all great service" Pros: "I think they flew so fast. We could land almost on time even though we departed a hour late. Airplane was new and clean." Cons: "Boarding was chaos. They overbooked 25? 45? Anyway, they are in panic. They tried to request ppl to take next day flight by giving away 300 gift card etc. the ppl who were told there are no seats upset and arguing at the gate. Flight was delayed for one hour. Once we are on airplane, they are still shuffling seats around, so ppl cannot move forward. Just standing there for 10mins waiting for things to settle. Flight attendants did not give us a headphone. (I have a headphone for iPhone X so I could not connect it to their entertaiment system.)" Pros: "Everything went as smoothly as possible. Not a hiccup. Great price, great flight, great experience!" Pros: "I enjoyed my flight! Great movies, good food and I was comfortable. Nothing like First Class." Cons: "Everything was great. Westjet is so much better than Air Canada!" Cons: "Service is awful, they cancelled a flight and they reserved the wrong flight so we couldn't get to the destination. Had to change airline and extend our flight by 9 hours with our baby. Horrrrrrible experience. Staff didn't seem to care. They put everything on their supervisor and she tried to help" Cons: "After landing, we were waiting on the tarmac for sometime and I needed to use the restroom I was an allowed to do so. It would’ve taken me a short short time. I went to The rear of the plane to use the restroom and was told to get in my seat." Pros: "Could not tap opinion on previous page. Good trip. Good service. Good legroom which was covered." Cons: "Food prices." Pros: "Seats had room. Entertainment options were quite good." Cons: "WestJet has lost its Chutzpah. No longer knows it’s identity. Food choices were terrible for a 5.5 hour flight, and the couple of okay choices they were out of very quickly. Crew was friendly enough but no sparkle." Pros: "I liked the price for my flight however I booked using my AirMiles." Cons: "I have travel with WestJet many times is the past and had nothing but good to say. This was my first time using WestJet Encore and was totally shocked and disappointed. The flight crew i found to be very rude with and had an attitude. The biggest shock was the greetings and all announcements were in English accept the safety rules where the pre-recorded tape was played. If asked about the return flight from Halifax to Montreal, one word to describe it "disaster". I was totally turned off with WestJet. I will for sure continue using Porter as I was always pleased with there service. As they say "you get what you pay for"." Pros: "Westjet team is fast, nice and solve issues in one call. I have had very good experiences with westjet! Thank you!" Cons: "Today in Montreal during boarding the lady coordinating did not give priority to people with children. We were at leastthree families - we were all upset with the situation. However as I have had very good experiences with west jet I consider this an isolated issue." Pros: "We were late getting to YUL because of traffic, and a West Jet employee went above and beyond to make sure we made it on our flight even though we missed the cut-off time." Pros: "We were happy to be seated in the exit row which gave us additional space. Although it was a direct flight, they offered drinks and snacks twice, when normally when flying I only see then come by once. I noticed Aiden seemed really friendly and kept a smile. Also when dropping off our luggage beforehand was a fairly speedy process." Cons: "Seats don’t lean back." Cons: "Boarding was not enforced by zones. When people line up it is better staff announce zones and force people to not get in line" Cons: "The flight was delayed by 2 hours . We missed our appointment and want to be compensated!!!" Pros: "Flight attendants are among the most professional and refined I’ve come across traveling anywhere in North America. It’s a pleasure flying with them." Pros: "Our flight attendant was WONDERFUL! I wish I knew her name. She was the only one with glasses. This was the ~3:15pm flight Nov 25 from Montreal to Toronto. She was very pleasant and attentive, and truly loved her job but not over the top. My friend and I were super impressed by the service of everyone but especially her. The snacks were also a very nice touch. Great prices and deals on flights" Pros: "The seats were comfortable and even roomy, compared to many other airlines." Cons: "Two minor drawbacks: (1) In the Porter lounge, where I was stuck between connecting flights, the cost of food was too high. (2) The weather buffets these small planes more than would be the case with jetliners." Pros: "We waited 45min in the plane before taking off, I missed my transfert flight and I had to wait for the next one in Toronto" Pros: "Easy on/easy off" Cons: "The lavatory was dirty and had a very high odour. There MUST be a way to clean it between flights." Pros: "Friendly crew, comfortable seats, leg room is really good and snacks." Cons: "Delayed flight 45 minutes" Cons: "There is only 1 lavatory on the plane and early in the flight they had to shut it down! Luckily there were no incidents but how can you not have a working lavatory?! What would they do if someone really had to go?" Pros: "Flight was delayed for 4 boring and tiring hrs." Cons: "Delayed flight and no decent food to purchase at d louge" Pros: "We made it to our destination. Flight attendants were pleasant. Juice was served in a real glass not plastic. Storage in overhead very narrow. Couldn’t get standard size bag it it." Cons: "Gate was changed but no announcements were made.Flight left over an hour late. No instructions given for people with connecting flights." Taking off 90 minutes late and no apology, or or explanation any compensation very poor. Gluten free food was not brilliant. Eg. No potatoes with the main course even though everyone else had potatoes. That addition would have made the meal more filling. No gluten free snacks when everyone else had pretzels. No gluten free rolls when everyone else had a roll. Gluten free wrap was dry . Everyone else had nice chicken wrap. Cabin staff worked really hard all flight Cancelled two flights in a row. No accommodation offered so had to sleep on the airport floor Pros: "Very good crew who were welcoming and attentive" Cons: "We were placed at an international gate, had to wait for stairs (for the rear of the plane) and then a bus to the terminal. We arrived early but by the time we had waited for steps, bus etc, we were late!" Pros: "The crew was great, as always. Unfortunately, my seat mate was very overweight, pushing into my space. No fault of BA except that bigger seats would help the "growing" population of travelers." Cons: "Bigger seats for bigger travelers. Especially on long flights. Those of us that are less full figured would be more comfortable. Go back to the system that includes one checked bag and one carry on as included in the advertised price. I know that airlines need to be more competitive, but the ala carte for luggage is not acceptable. Instead, offer an opportunity for customers t donate to offset the carbon impact. Thanks" Pros: "The overall experience was great! I was extremely satisfied. I thought the crew was very kind and the extra touch of bringing ice cream to everyone as a treat was perfect for our family that had to restless little boys." Cons: "I did find it strange that the only brought the drink cart around once during the 9 & 1/2 hour flight. It was a cost savings approach more than anything. For the crew, I am sure it was also a time savings approach. When going to find another drink, it was clear supplies were also thinning out." Cons: "The plane delayed by 30 minutes, I was rushed past security to wrong plane in Orlando, making me miss my flight, cue multiple times as the airlines "British Airways" and "American Airlines" bickered about who's fault it was. I'm still sat in Orlando waiting for my flight after losing my hotel in LA" Pros: "None" Cons: "At Heathrow, the boarding agents kept calling few passengers without letting the rest of the passengers know what was going on. Also the boarding was delayed without giving specific reason almost 50 min later. Finallly they said the boarding was delayed to catering and cleanning, which I could not believe since the plane has been on a tarmac close to an hour. Passengers were lining up to board, but one of the gate agent kept asking to sit down without giving any reason. Probable one of the worst boarding experience I have ever had in international flights." Pros: "Not much" Cons: "Our trip to Vienna from London was less appealing than the one from Montreal to London. No food, no entertainment and seat space was cramped which reminded me of my Air Transat experiences." Pros: "Food was good , very comfortable seats and the time we departed to the time we arrive I will rate it 10 out of ten I felt as if I was on a 2 hours flight . It’s was just one of those wonderful BA flight I can’t forget" Cons: "It’s was just the hassle to get from Terminal 5 to Terminal 3 with luggage but made it all in all" Pros: "I did not take the flight, I stopped in Miami instead." Cons: "Don’t know because I did not take this flight." Pros: "Arrived 5 minutes early which was great on a very late night." Pros: "Good boarding and on time departure." Cons: "Very uncomfortable seats and spacement between the seats too small and you feel very cramped specially when the person in front of you reclines his seat you can hardly move." Cons: "American has lost my bags multiple times and always has delays. They’re domestic planes are dirty and run down. Not a preferred airline for me." Cons: "Never happened. Had to be cancelled cause we missed our main flight." Cons: "The lack of entertainment, and the excruciatingly long boarding process." Cons: "We arrived in Amsterdam at 9am, after traveling two hours to get there. We found out right away that there was a delay and chances of missing the connecting flight from Philadelphia to Orlando were great. We requested a different booking to insure travel to Orlando, which was denied. So the connecting flight was missed and after hours arrived in Orlando at midnight. Missed my ride and all car rentals were booked. All this caused a lot of anxiety and unnecessary stress. Very disappointing. And to add to it, the flight itself was horrible and there was no entertainment available for the entire flight." Cons: "I asked for water and juice, they just gave me juice" Cons: "The flight was delayed more times than I can count, we got a different reason each time. Weather I can understand, but telling us we are waiting on a specific crew to arrive and then announcing that crew is not for our flight was just terrible communication. No one seemed apologetic. The only thing they did was bring a snack cart over for us, and that got raided by children so many people didn't get anything. We had arranged transport from Orlando to Tampa for that evening, and our rides had to cancel because instead of 7pm we were now arriving at 130am. Your airline's mistakes put everyone at an inconvenience and we weren't offered assistance to fix it. My husband went to ask for help in arranging new transport home, but he couldn't even get to the front of the line. The customer service was terrible. We really enjoyed our first leg of the flight home with American Airlines, but after the second leg and all of the problems we had... we will not fly with American Airlines in the future." Cons: "It was a full flight, anyone in loading zones 7-9 were required to check their carry-on luggage. We were in loading zone 6, so not required and preferred not to due to our full day of air travel that would continue into a 3 hour car trip. My husband reached the gate, his ticket scanned, and let onto the plane. I walk up next, my ticket is scanned and then the personnel at the gate said in what I can only describe as the most disrespectful, inconsiderate, ill-tempered tone that he would need take my bag. He grabbed it out of my possession, shoved it into the luggage sizing rack and even though it did fit inside the lines, he said it was "too close" and would need to be checked. Not wanting to cause a scene and quite frankly speechless by this man's attitude, I did not object.. It was not until I was seated on the plane that I noticed more than a dozen items of luggage larger than mine and that the vast majority of people that had 3, 4, 5 carry on items when the maximum is 2: one personal item and one carry on luggage item. It was both the lack of respect and the lack of consistency that lead me to have an extremely "poor" boarding experience. Serious retraining needs to be completed and boarding attendants should not be able to harass airline passengers." Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 British Airways7.3 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Montreal to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Montreal to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 14/12Thu directLynx Air 3h 40mYUL-MCO C$ 75 Search 19/12Tue directLynx Air 3h 40mYUL-MCO C$ 80 Search 13/12Wed directAir Transat 3h 35mYUL-MCO C$ 111 Search 20/12Wed directAir Transat 3h 35mYUL-MCO C$ 112 Search 18/12Mon directAir Canada 3h 38mYUL-MCO C$ 113 Search 30/1Tue directAir Canada 3h 38mYUL-MCO C$ 114 Search 19/12Tue 1 stopDelta 6h 20mYUL-MCO C$ 153 Search 20/12Wed 1 stopDelta 10h 10mYUL-MCO C$ 212 Search 19/5Sun 2 stopsWestJet 23h 52mYUL-MCO C$ 253 Search 22/12Fri 1 stopWestJet 5h 44mYUL-MCO C$ 346 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirAir TransatAir CanadaDeltaWestJet Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 210 or lessC$ 350 or less Last minute flights from Montreal to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Montreal to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 3/12Sun directLynx Air 3h 40mYUL-MCO 10/12Sun directLynx Air 3h 04mMCO-YUL C$ 118 Search 4/12Mon directLynx Air 3h 40mYUL-MCO 11/12Mon directLynx Air 3h 04mMCO-YUL C$ 121 Search 4/12Mon directLynx Air 3h 40mYUL-MCO 10/12Sun directLynx Air 3h 04mMCO-YUL C$ 131 Search 4/12Mon directLynx Air 3h 40mYUL-MCO 10/12Sun directLynx Air 3h 04mMCO-YUL C$ 132 Search 3/12Sun directAir Transat 3h 35mYUL-MCO 6/12Wed directAir Transat 3h 10mMCO-YUL C$ 191 Search 3/12Sun directAir Transat 3h 35mYUL-MCO 7/12Thu directAir Transat 3h 10mMCO-YUL C$ 194 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopPorter Airlines 7h 23mYUL-MCO 9/12Sat multi-stopPorter Airlines 7h 35mMCO-YUL C$ 212 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 7h 23mYUL-MCO 12/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 7h 35mMCO-YUL C$ 213 Search 2/12Sat directAir Canada 3h 38mYUL-MCO 12/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 5h 55mMCO-YUL C$ 230 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 9h 14mYUL-MCO 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 13mMCO-YUL C$ 838 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirAir TransatPorter AirlinesAir CanadaUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 120 or lessC$ 130 or lessC$ 190 or lessC$ 210 or lessC$ 840 or less Montreal - Orlando Airport Flights Departure: Montreal (YUL)Canada Destination: Orlando Airport (MCO)United States Return flight deals: Orlando Airport - Montreal Cabin classes: First Class flights to Orlando C$ 1,257 Business Class flights to Orlando C$ 1,610 Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando C$ 167 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 155Flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Orlando Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando » Orlando Airport C$ 155Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Moncton Flights to Victoria Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando Airport from Montreal. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Orlando Airport from Montreal. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.