Cheap Flights from Minneapolis to Orlando from $36 | (MSP - ORL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Minneapolis to Orlando from $36 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/29. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to Orlando. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to Orlando. How much is the cheapest flight from Minneapolis to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Minneapolis to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:56 pm - 12:30 amMSP-MCO 3h 34mnonstop 7:34 am - 10:20 amMCO-MSP 3h 46mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Mon, Feb 5 - Thu, Feb 8 9:47 am - 2:13 pmMSP-MCO 3h 26mnonstop 8:04 am - 10:49 amMCO-MSP 3h 45mnonstop $60Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Fri, Feb 2 5:35 pm - 9:48 pmMSP-MCO 3h 13mnonstop 8:04 am - 10:49 amMCO-MSP 3h 45mnonstop $83 Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Fri, Jan 26 5:00 pm - 9:13 pmMSP-MCO 3h 13mnonstop 7:34 am - 10:20 amMCO-MSP 3h 46mnonstop $85 Find Deal Sun, Jan 28 - Thu, Feb 1 5:30 pm - 9:47 pmMSP-MCO 3h 17mnonstop 5:20 pm - 7:53 pmMCO-MSP 3h 33mnonstop $106Sun Country Air Find Deal Sun, Dec 17 - Wed, Dec 20 9:00 am - 1:18 pmMSP-MCO 3h 18mnonstop 7:00 am - 9:42 amMCO-MSP 3h 42mnonstop $108Sun Country Air Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Wed, Jan 31 6:12 pm - 12:26 amMSP-MCO 5h 14m1 stop 7:50 am - 1:30 pmMCO-MSP 6h 40m1 stop $151Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Wed, Jan 31 10:52 am - 9:54 pmMSP-MCO 10h 02m1 stop 11:00 pm - 8:04 amMCO-MSP 10h 04m1 stop $162Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Fri, Jan 12 6:16 pm - 12:08 amMSP-MCO 4h 52m1 stop 6:12 am - 12:57 pmMCO-MSP 7h 45m1 stop $190American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 7 - Sun, Feb 11 1:48 pm - 8:24 pmMSP-MCO 5h 36m1 stop 7:00 am - 1:46 pmMCO-MSP 7h 46m1 stop $191American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Feb 10 - Sat, Feb 17 Show more results Flights from Minneapolis to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Minneapolis to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Minneapolis to Orlando flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Minneapolis to Orlando. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Minneapolis to Orlando cost $46 and was between Minneapolis and Orlando Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $66. What is the cheapest month to fly from Minneapolis to Orlando? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Minneapolis to Orlando is August, where tickets cost $218 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are March and February, where the average cost of tickets is $426 and $343 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Minneapolis to Orlando? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Minneapolis to Orlando, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Minneapolis to Orlando? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Orlando from Minneapolis were found on Frontier ($36) and Spirit Airlines ($38), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Frontier ($58) and Sun Country Air ($106). Which airlines fly non-stop between Minneapolis and Orlando? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Minneapolis to Orlando. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Minneapolis to Orlando. They are: Delta, Frontier and Sun Country Air. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $48 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Minneapolis and Orlando per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 10 nonstop flights that take off from Minneapolis and land in Orlando, with an average flight time of 3h 31m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Orlando Airport. Each week, there are 33 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 30% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Minneapolis and Orlando? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Minneapolis to Orlando take? Nonstop flights from Minneapolis generally make it to Orlando in 3h 11m. The flying distance between the two cities is 1,301 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Minneapolis to Orlando? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Minneapolis at 5:15 am and will be landing in Orlando at 9:45 am. What’s the latest departure time from Minneapolis to Orlando? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Minneapolis to Orlando jets off at 7:50 pm and lands at 12:11 am. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $36 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 35% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 43% increase in price. Flight from Minneapolis to Orlando Airport When to book flights from Minneapolis to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Minneapolis to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Minneapolis to Orlando What is the best way to get downtown Orlando from Orlando International Airport (MCO)? The distance from Orlando International Airport (MCO) to the city center of Orlando is about 21.4 miles. A taxi offers the quickest means to travel between the two destinations, covering the distance in under 18min. However, the bus is handy if you’re traveling on a budget. It departs from Oia Transfer Center, taking 45min to arrive at the Sunrail station. Are there car rentals at Orlando International Airport (MCO)? For those who want to experience Orlando in a car, many car rental agencies run their counters at MCO. They are located in Terminal A and Terminal B, Level 1 (Ground Transportation). Endeavor to reserve early if you’re keen to enjoy cheaper rates. Is there a prayer room at MCO? Travelers who want a private session with their maker to thank Him for arriving safely in MCO from MSP will get a designated prayer room at this property. It’s tucked away in the North Terminal, post-security near Gates 1-59. Which children’s attractions are found at MCO? If your pick-up contact hasn’t arrived yet, head to the atrium, where the little ones are sure to enjoy the small aquarium and the Disney and Universal Studios at this facility. This attraction is near the security checkpoint adjacent to gates 70-129. You can snap a few photos to offer that cherished, lasting memory. What are some good hotels near Orlando International Airport? The Holiday Inn Express and Suites is a standard choice that is only a 15-minute drive from the Amway Center and a 10-minute drive from Orlando International Airport. The Econo Lodge is an affordable option that is a 12-minute drive from the Florida Mall and an 8-minute drive from the airport. Does Orlando International Airport have any smoking areas? At this time, there are no smoking areas inside of the terminals of Orlando International Airport. However, there are some designated zones located outside of the doors of the Arrivals terminal. These are clearly marked with official airport signs and contain trash cans with ash trays. What is there to do in Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport? If you enjoy video games, make sure to stop by one of the arcade rooms located in Concourses C, F, and G of Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport. If you would like to spoil yourself, pay a visit to one of the airport’s XpresSpa locations in order to have a manicure, pedicure, massage, or facial. Does Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport have any children’s play areas? If you’re traveling with kids, bring them to one of the aviation-themed play areas located in Terminals 1 and 2 of Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport. Filled with play equipment such as slides and a variety of toys and games, these areas are a convenient place for children to burn through some energy before starting a long day of traveling. Do I need a passport to fly between Minneapolis and Orlando? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Minneapolis and on arrival in Orlando. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Minneapolis to Orlando? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Minneapolis to Orlando flight route: Delta, Spirit Airlines, Aeromexico, Alaska Airlines, Silver Airways, Undisclosed Carrier, Horizon Air, Cape Air, American Airlines, JetBlue, Copa Airlines, and Frontier. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Minneapolis to Orlando? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Minneapolis to Orlando flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Minneapolis to Orlando? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Minneapolis and Orlando. On which days can I fly direct from Minneapolis to Orlando? There are nonstop flights from Minneapolis to Orlando on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Minneapolis to Orlando, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Minneapolis to Orlando are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $448 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $397 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Minneapolis to Orlando? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Minneapolis to Orlando. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Minneapolis to Orlando? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando from Minneapolis is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Minneapolis to Orlando? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando with an airline and back to Minneapolis with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Minneapolis to Orlando? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando from Minneapolis up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Minneapolis to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $82 or less one-way and $135 or less round-trip. Travelers from Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport (MSP) to Orlando should remember that the facility features two terminals. Terminal 1, also known as the Lindbergh Terminal, is the biggest, and the smaller Terminal 2, known as Humphrey Terminal. Inter-terminal movement is via a Light Rail Transit (LRT) that makes regular departures every 5-15min. You’ll be glad to note that multiple airlines run several lounges at Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport (MSP). Delta Sky Clubs is in Terminal 1, Concourses D and F, and Escape Lounge in Terminal 1 Concourse E. Priority access is for members and holders of registered cards. However, any passenger can access these facilities at a reduced rate. If you are traveling to Orlando through MSP, remember that the establishment caters to the needs of moms and the smallest family members. There are several lactating and nursing rooms in every terminal. Suppose you’ll be using Terminal 1. In that case, you’ll locate them at Concourse C adjacent to Gate C13. Other amenities in these rooms include sinks, seats, and power sockets. Travelers who wish to drop off their cars before their trip from MSP to Orlando will have several options. For instance, Terminal 1 offers various daily parking options, including Green, Gold, Blue, Red, Pink, and Brown Ramps. Consider making a booking if you’re keen to enjoy special rates. Do you want to replenish your depleted wallet? Luckily, many banks and credit unions run their ATM booths at this facility. If you’re arriving through Terminal 1, you’ll get these facilities at Pre-Security, Tram Level & Baggage Claim, adjacent to door 5, or Concourse E, close to Gate E2. To make your travel experience as quick and easy as possible, look for direct flights from Minneapolis to Orlando. While Frontier and Spirit Airlines are popular for their budget-friendly tickets, Delta and jetBlue often offer extra perks, such as additional legroom and complimentary snacks. For those traveling for work-related reasons, be sure to stop by one of the several business centers located in Terminals 1 and 2 of Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport. Equipped with private desks, outlets, high-speed Internet, and fax and copying services, these centers are a convenient place to work efficiently before boarding your flight from Minneapolis to Orlando. If you are traveling with a service animal or pet, don’t forget to bring them to one of the pet relief areas at Orlando International Airport once you have landed. There are two outdoor zones located near the Arrivals doors of Terminals A and B, which provide travelers with waste-disposal bags and artificial grass. Interested in burning off some calories before being cooped up in a plane? Enjoy a brisk walk along the 1.4 mile long MSP Start! Walking Path. Located in the Lindbergh Terminal of Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport, this walking path allows guests to leisurely explore the airport and browse through the different shops and attractions it has to offer. To freshen up after your flight has landed, purchase an access pass to the private Club at MCO lounge located at Orlando International Airport. This lounge contains showers and provides travelers with towels and toiletries as well as access to other amenities such as snacks, drinks, televisions, and magazines. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Minneapolis St Paul to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from Minneapolis St Paul to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Minneapolis St Paul to Orlando Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +4 more Air France, Delta, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +4 more Air France, Delta, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Friday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Saturday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Sunday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Minneapolis St Paul Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +4 more Air France, Delta, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +4 more Air France, Delta, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Friday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Saturday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Sunday Air France, Delta, Frontier, +5 more Air France, Delta, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Minneapolis to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Minneapolis to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Minneapolis to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29969 reviews 79food 88crew 85overall 85boarding 82comfort 78entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Polite and professional crew; great selection of entertainment, power outlets at each seat—favorite airline by far"Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "Polite and professional crew; great selection of entertainment, power outlets at each seat—favorite airline by far" Pros: "cleaner plane would be nicer. quieter plane would be nicer. Seating for premium class could be COMFORTABLE." Cons: "cleaner plane would be nicer. quieter plane would be nicer. Seating for premium class could be COMFORTABLE." Pros: "Yes to both, will repeat trip...." Cons: "Wider isle....I have broad shoulders and I got frequently bumped by other passengers and crew. Maybe sit in middle seat..." Pros: "Crew was fine. I’ll never rate meals you have to pay for, at double or triple store prices, very high." Pros: "Every thing was awesome It was the best airlines I had experience since I came here" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Crew was amazing and friendly. Clean, chargers for phones in front of the seat and free WiFi for messaging on board." Cons: "Offered free movie watching but our iPhones didn’t have plugs for earbuds, so we couldn’t enjoy it because it would disturb others having the sound on." Pros: "Very nice gate attendants!! And on flight staff were great!" Pros: "TSA pre-cleared me so I didn't even have to take off my shoes and there wad no one else in line in front of me. Alaska Airlines has comfortable seats with lots of leg room. We didn't get fed but there were many choices of movies and t.v. shows to watch." Cons: "Plane did not wait! Miss it by 3 minutes after running through the airport" Pros: "Alaska flight crew treated treated my violin with extra care. Thanks!" Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Pros: "Crew was nice and friendly" Cons: "The economy seats in an A321 are uncomfortable and there is very limited legroom." Pros: "The crew on both legs of our trip were nice and accommodating." Cons: "Flight attendant in First class was visibly frustrated and unfriendly. He was not helping with my simple request for a blanket. Also, the were no food service in first class." Pros: "This is a delayed flight after having my flight to the previous night delayed to the extent that I could not take it and make my connecting flight out of Minneapolis." Cons: "This is a delayed flight after having my flight to the previous night delayed to the extent that I could not take it and make my connecting flight out of Minneapolis." Pros: "On this short flight, the flight attendant was wonderful, accommodating special requests and being fully engaged with passengers. On time departure, early arrival, overall a nice quick flight to Duluth." Cons: "CRJ200 planes are always a bit cramped, and having to gate check anything bigger than a small purse is an inconvenience. Hopefully the fleet will change over to the Embrair planes soon. Beware 'Basic' flyers (cheap tickets): you are not eligible to take an earlier flight even if available." Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Pros: "Food was excellent. I had the pasta. Loved watching movies." Pros: "The crew was very friendly. Boarding was quick." Cons: "Seat size in Comfort+ was still cramped. The person sitting next to me(in the middle was a fairly large (height not weight) and his arms and shoulders were pretty much flowing into my seat( I sat by the window). Leg room of course was fine. Very cold draft coming from the airplane(window?)" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They could’ve let us check our bags to make our flight on time." Cons: "Keep us updated on the 60 min delay to START boarding because the boards continues to say on time but we landed over 30 mins late and baggage took forever to get onto the belt." Pros: "I liked that we have entertainment in flight." Cons: "At least the option of a free snack would be nice." Cons: "$40 carry on each way, garbage. Would have bought ticket elsewhere if I knew that" Cons: "Lost luggage - never even sent to MCO from MSP, caught international flight - was assured my bag would continue all the way to DXB, but not the case. I get it, it happens, still sucks - continuing on to next destination with no bag...." Cons: "I did not like the fact that I had to pay for my luggage at check-in. What the hell was the ticket price for??" Pros: "Nothing about this flight went well. We landed in Orlando at 4am. And we’re stuck on the plane for 6 hours." Cons: "No USB ports to charge devices. No tv. No compliementary food while we waited." Pros: "The hardest part was the long TSA line in Minneapolis." Cons: "Long TSA line Minneapolis!" Pros: "It was quick and easy." Cons: "We weren’t seated together and the space is quite small." Pros: "The overall flight was fine. No frills in flight at a no frills price." Cons: "The seats are terribly uncomfortable." Delta gave out earbuds for in-flight entertainment, which was nice. But the legroom seems to decrease every year. No real issues just wasnt able to hear / understand any announcements flight attendant was making but everything else was really good- ended up checking my carry on case for free which made deboarding quicker. I would fly West Jet for all my flights. When there were a lot of empty seats in the plane it was nice that they allowed passengers to take another seat other than their own so that they can have more room. Seats were comfortable and leg room was good. Slight delay for boarding but nothing too bad. Would fly with them again. Cons: "Everything was great. Westjet is so much better than Air Canada!" Pros: "Flight was late, crew didn't do anything to expedite boarding and it took the longest I have ever seen to board a plane." Cons: "Boarding process was slow and chaotic" Cons: "Access to the internet and in film movies on my ipad was not functioning! Made for a longer flight not being able to watch movies." Pros: "Didn’t make my flight" Cons: "If the app didn’t send me a message saying my flight had been delayed when it was in fact on time." Pros: "Could not tap opinion on previous page. Good trip. Good service. Good legroom which was covered." Cons: "Food prices." Cons: "I could not get through to westjet for days due to weather. Then when they called, they hung up on me as connected....back to another hour wait. Then an email. Then 5 days later to hear that despite all of their chaos there would be no changes." Pros: "I did not take the flight, I stopped in Miami instead." Cons: "Don’t know because I did not take this flight." Pros: "Arrived 5 minutes early which was great on a very late night." Pros: "Let's see - I was in first class. The flight itself was fine - and only one hour + late!" Cons: "Food - Served the "breakfast" (when it was called a protein plate) I had coming (into MSP). for "lunch" on the way back (called it a meat plate for lunch. One slice turkey, one slice jamon, one egg, cinnamon roll and fruit. Just because they don't want to serve bread - they call it a protein plate? I'm not on a protein diet. Food was pretty sick for the amount I paid for the fight. Stewardess said it was against Republic's rules to give a customer a can of tonic water (so I could add to the small amount of vodka) - she also told me that it was against Delta's, American's and United's rules to give a can - strange? First Class seat did not recline. First Class was freezing per every flight on this segment (the stewardesses sit in the back and don't want to be uncomfortable - if they make the front warm - the back is too hot for them (not joking on this one). So many things to list - that I will finish on the AA site." Cons: "We arrived in Amsterdam at 9am, after traveling two hours to get there. We found out right away that there was a delay and chances of missing the connecting flight from Philadelphia to Orlando were great. We requested a different booking to insure travel to Orlando, which was denied. So the connecting flight was missed and after hours arrived in Orlando at midnight. Missed my ride and all car rentals were booked. All this caused a lot of anxiety and unnecessary stress. Very disappointing. And to add to it, the flight itself was horrible and there was no entertainment available for the entire flight." Cons: "The flight was delayed more times than I can count, we got a different reason each time. Weather I can understand, but telling us we are waiting on a specific crew to arrive and then announcing that crew is not for our flight was just terrible communication. No one seemed apologetic. The only thing they did was bring a snack cart over for us, and that got raided by children so many people didn't get anything. We had arranged transport from Orlando to Tampa for that evening, and our rides had to cancel because instead of 7pm we were now arriving at 130am. Your airline's mistakes put everyone at an inconvenience and we weren't offered assistance to fix it. My husband went to ask for help in arranging new transport home, but he couldn't even get to the front of the line. The customer service was terrible. We really enjoyed our first leg of the flight home with American Airlines, but after the second leg and all of the problems we had... we will not fly with American Airlines in the future." Pros: "The flight staff did the best they could for how few of them there were." Cons: "Flight cancelled, and the gate was understaffed, so it took forever to even get up to the counter to try arranging alternate flights. Also, the Kayak/Webjet tickets we were issued interfered with the process as the airline could not reissue us tickets directly. Moreover, one Kayak & Webjet got actively involved, they even tried to deny us passage on the alternate flights that American Airlines suggested. By the time we did make it up to the desk, everything was taken/full for the next few days & we have been struggling to make our overseas travel even possible ever since." Pros: "Quick board and exit, fast check-in" Cons: "Wi-Fi onboard free for all T Mobile customers, cramped seat room for a smaller adult even" Cons: "It was a full flight, anyone in loading zones 7-9 were required to check their carry-on luggage. We were in loading zone 6, so not required and preferred not to due to our full day of air travel that would continue into a 3 hour car trip. My husband reached the gate, his ticket scanned, and let onto the plane. I walk up next, my ticket is scanned and then the personnel at the gate said in what I can only describe as the most disrespectful, inconsiderate, ill-tempered tone that he would need take my bag. He grabbed it out of my possession, shoved it into the luggage sizing rack and even though it did fit inside the lines, he said it was "too close" and would need to be checked. Not wanting to cause a scene and quite frankly speechless by this man's attitude, I did not object.. It was not until I was seated on the plane that I noticed more than a dozen items of luggage larger than mine and that the vast majority of people that had 3, 4, 5 carry on items when the maximum is 2: one personal item and one carry on luggage item. It was both the lack of respect and the lack of consistency that lead me to have an extremely "poor" boarding experience. Serious retraining needs to be completed and boarding attendants should not be able to harass airline passengers." Cons: "LATAM took our luggage from a flight from a different airline that we used to get from Miami to Orlando. They locked it up and closed before we arrived. My friend was unable to get his medicine, I missed vital time from a work contract, and we had to spend the night at the airport waiting until 1pm today to receive our luggage. This is the worst experience I've had with an airline. No one spoken with on LATAM seemed to care. We were stranded without sleep and got no clear answer from the LATAM hotline. There was no mention of compensation for our troubles. I will not be recommending this airline to other travelers aa this has ruines my work schedule and my friend is unable to get his medicine." Pros: "Pretzels and drinks." Cons: "The group's for boarding are ridiculous. The back of the plane should board first and so on... the new plane we flew on had the smallest seats we've ever seen. When we tried to board, the crew would rudely say, it's not your turn. We were flying for a funeral and paid a lot for our tickets. We should be treated with respect. One lady said to put our luggage in the first available compartment, then when we tried, another lady rudely said, if that's not where you're sitting, you can't put your bag there. We were embarrassed and when we tried to explain what we'd been told she told us to keep moving." Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 WestJet7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Minneapolis to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Minneapolis to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/29Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 34mMSP-MCO $36 Search 2/14Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 6h 11mMSP-MCO $38 Search 12/17Sun nonstopSun Country Air 3h 17mMSP-MCO $58 Search 1/28Sun nonstopSun Country Air 3h 13mMSP-MCO $60 Search 2/10Sat 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 7h 30mMSP-MCO $101 Search 12/29Fri nonstopDelta 3h 21mMSP-MCO $139 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 8h 31mMSP-MCO $147 Search 2/1Thu nonstopDelta 3h 31mMSP-MCO $179 Search 3/20Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 11h 06mMSP-MCO $213 Search 4/2Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 12h 28mMSP-MCO $214 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesSun Country AirAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$60 or less$140 or less$180 or less$210 or less Last minute flights from Minneapolis to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Minneapolis to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 23mMSP-MCO 12/15Fri nonstopFrontier 3h 44mMCO-MSP $88 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 23mMSP-MCO 12/19Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 45mMCO-MSP $98 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 25h 14mMSP-MCO 12/15Fri multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 46mMCO-MSP $234 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 25h 14mMSP-MCO 12/16Sat multi-stopSpirit Airlines 17h 01mMCO-MSP $245 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 35mMSP-MCO 12/16Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 46mMCO-MSP $319 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 57mMSP-MCO 12/9Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 17mMCO-MSP $345 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 50mMSP-MCO 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 53mMCO-MSP $502 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 50mMSP-MCO 12/8Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 41mMCO-MSP $552 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 35h 29mMSP-MCO 12/12Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 19h 33mMCO-MSP $703 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 21h 37mMSP-MCO 12/7Thu multi-stopAlaska Airlines 31h 13mMCO-MSP $761 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$100 or less$250 or less$350 or less$550 or less$760 or less Minneapolis - Orlando Flights Departure: Minneapolis (MSP)United States Return flight deals: Orlando - Minneapolis Cabin classes: $898 First Class flights to Orlando $1,320 Business Class flights to Orlando $276 Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando $66 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » United States » Minneapolis $75Flights from Minneapolis to Orlando Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando $75Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando $305Flights to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport, Orlando Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Tampa Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando from Minneapolis. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Orlando from Minneapolis. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.