Cheap Flights to Fort Lauderdale from $26 in 2023/24 - KAYAK Find flights Deals When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW FLL Find cheap flights to Fort Lauderdale from $26 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/3. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results for flights to Fort Lauderdale ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results for flights to Fort Lauderdale How much is the cheapest flight to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:51 pm - 1:55 amPHL-FLL 3h 04mnonstop 7:40 pm - 10:28 pmFLL-PHL 2h 48mnonstop $48Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Thu, Jan 11 5:05 am - 8:05 amPHL-FLL 3h 00mnonstop 6:20 am - 9:05 amFLL-PHL 2h 45mnonstop $49Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 20 1:10 pm - 4:11 pmPHL-FLL 3h 01mnonstop 2:10 pm - 4:58 pmFLL-PHL 2h 48mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Thu, Jan 18 1:10 pm - 4:11 pmPHL-FLL 3h 01mnonstop 5:11 pm - 8:01 pmFLL-PHL 2h 50mnonstop $60Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Sat, Jan 13 7:00 am - 10:14 amJFK-FLL 3h 14mnonstop 9:35 am - 12:28 pmFLL-JFK 2h 53mnonstop $128Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 30 6:10 pm - 9:36 pmJFK-FLL 3h 26mnonstop 7:00 am - 9:59 amFLL-JFK 2h 59mnonstop $129Delta Find Deal Tue, Mar 19 - Wed, Mar 27 6:30 am - 9:34 amJFK-FLL 3h 04mnonstop 6:35 am - 9:32 amFLL-JFK 2h 57mnonstop $133JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sun, Jan 14 5:08 pm - 8:21 pmJFK-FLL 3h 13mnonstop 8:00 pm - 11:07 pmFLL-JFK 3h 07mnonstop $138JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Feb 2 - Sat, Feb 10 7:20 pm - 12:23 amJFK-FLL 5h 03m1 stop 8:00 am - 1:49 pmFLL-JFK 5h 49m1 stop $154American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 2 - Mon, Feb 5 10:30 am - 4:40 pmJFK-FLL 6h 10m1 stop 5:33 pm - 10:29 pmFLL-JFK 4h 56m1 stop $157American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Fri, Jan 12 Show more results Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $26 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 15% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 13% increase in price. Flight from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. The information is for flights to Fort Lauderdale based on your location. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. Average price per month To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each departure date. Flight prices as travel date approaches To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. FAQs - booking Fort Lauderdale flights Are there any service animal relief areas at Fort Lauderdale International Airport (FLL)? Yes, Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) has about six pet relief areas meant for service animals. In Terminal 1, the areas are by B/C Connector, US Customs Inspection Station, and Concourse A. In Terminal 2, you will the areas in Concourse D. Other service animal relief areas are in Concourse F in Terminal 3 and Concourse G in Terminal 4. FLL’s pet relief areas in Terminal 1 are in Concourse A and Concourse C. Which airlines have lounges at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL)? Delta and United Airlines have lounges at the airport. Delta Sky Club is between Gate D2 and Gate D3 in Terminal 2. The services available at this lounge include drinks, telephones, television, newspapers, Wi-Fi, and mobile charging outlets. United Club offers conference facilities, mobile charging outlets, beverages, comfy seating, TV, and Wi-Fi. The United Club is adjacent to Gate C1 in Terminal 1. Passengers can access these lounges through payment at the door, annual membership, or buying a day pass. Does Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) offer accessible services? Yes, Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) is an accessible airport. Every terminal is easily accessible from the roadways and Garage Complex. Automatic doors, ramps, curb cuts, level entrances, and elevators are available. Being ADA compliant, FLL provides wheelchair-accessible restrooms ticket lobbies, concourses and baggage claim areas. Amplified telephones are available throughout the airport. FLL also provides TTY telephones for travelers with speech and hearing impairments. Which car rental companies are available at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL)? If you’re looking to drive yourself around Fort Lauderdale, you’re welcome to rent a car at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL). Several rental car agencies offer their services in Level 2, Level 3, and Level 4. The following companies offer car rental services at FLL: ACE, Avis, Budget, Alamo, Dollar, Fox, National, Thrifty, Hertz, Enterprise, Payless, and SIXT. You can get to these rental car facilities through the sidewalks on the Departures Level. What is there to do at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL)? One great option is to catch a show by one of FLL Terminal Tunes’ live acts. FLL Terminal Tunes is FLL’s solution to your music and entertainment needs while you’re waiting at the airport before or after your flight. The program allows local entertainers to perform before an audience of travelers and visitors at the airport, which welcomes millions of passengers annually. There are also plenty of shops and restaurants. What hotels offer complimentary shuttle service to Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL)? Both Crowne Plaza Ft Lauderdale Airport/Cruise and Holiday Inn Express & Suites Fort Lauderdale Airport South offer free shuttle services to and from the airport. If you’re catching a red-eye flight to Fort Lauderdale or get stuck there due to a late arrival, you’ll still be able to check in without a hitch, as the Crowne Plaza runs its shuttle 24 hours a day. Are there facilities for children at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL)? There is a 2,000-square-foot cloud-inspired play area for kids, designed by Harvard Graduate School of Design architect Volkan Alkanoglu, located on the mezzanine level of Terminal 1. You’ll also find peaceful Baby Oasis rooms for nursing mothers. What restaurants are there in Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL)? Fort Lauderdale, like Miami, has a Latin American flair to it and you’ll find these flavors at the airport. Casavana Cuban Cuisine serves a variety of Cuban classics such as pastelitos, cafe con leche, vaca frita and pressed Cuban sandwiches. Another great restaurant option is Cross Grain Brewhouse. How do I get from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) to Miami International Airport (MIA)? If you need to get from one airport to another for transfers, Tri-Rail Miami cheaply and efficiently connects Miami International Airport (MIA), Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) and Palm Beach International Airport (PBI). How long is the flight to Fort Lauderdale? Flights from Chicago 3h 18m Flights from Los Angeles 5h 25m Flights from Atlanta 1h 58m Flights from Newark 3h 07m Flights from Boston 3h 25m What is the cheapest flight to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest airline ticket to Fort Lauderdale from the United States in the last 72 hours was $26 one-way, and $48 round-trip on the route from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale. The most popular route is from Newark to Fort Lauderdale and the cheapest ticket found on this route in the last 72 hours was $70 round-trip. Which airlines fly to Fort Lauderdale? Air Canada, Azul and JetBlue are the most frequent flyers to Fort Lauderdale from United States. How far is Fort Lauderdale from central Fort Lauderdale? The distance between Fort Lauderdale and downtown Fort Lauderdale is 3 miles. What is the name of Fort Lauderdale’s airport? All flights to Fort Lauderdale land at Fort Lauderdale. The airport code is FLL,and it can also be referred to as Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Intl, Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood, or Fort Lauderdale–Hollywood Intl. How much is a flight to Fort Lauderdale? On average, a flight to Fort Lauderdale costs $197. The cheapest price found on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks cost $19 and departed from Tampa Airport. What is the cheapest day to fly to Fort Lauderdale? Based on KAYAK data, the cheapest day to fly to Fort Lauderdale is Monday. On the other hand, the most expensive day to fly is Wednesday. What is the cheapest month to fly to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest month for flights to Fort Lauderdale is September. On the other hand, the most expensive months are January and November. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Fort Lauderdale Looking for cheap airfare to Fort Lauderdale? 25% of our users found tickets to Fort Lauderdale for the following prices or less: From Raleigh $78 one-way - $98 round-trip, from Chicago O'Hare Intl $88 one-way - $124 round-trip, from Newark $101 one-way - $132 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be January, November and December. The cheapest month to fly from United States is September. Enter your preferred departure airport and travel dates into the search form above to unlock the latest Fort Lauderdale flight deals. For flights to Fort Lauderdale, travelers have two main airport options: Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) or Miami International Airport (MIA), slightly to the south. Both airports offer quick access to many of South Florida’s best travel spots. Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) is doubly convenient for travelers heading to the Caribbean. This is largely due to both its frequent and numerous flight options as well as its close proximity to cruise ports such as the Port of Everglades and the Port of Miami. Both of these ports can be reached quickly, conveniently, and cost effectively via taxi, Uber/Lyft, or by shuttle directly from the airport. Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) has four terminals with eight concourses. The airport’s shuttle buses provide free transit between the terminals and to the Rental Car Center. The courtesy shuttles operate from 6 am to 9 pm daily and have stops outside the terminals. If you’re looking to enjoy a tour of Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) luggage-free, leave your luggage at the airport’s storage lockers. Bags to Go offers baggage storage from 9 am to 5:30 pm daily in Terminal1 East Side, pre-security on the second level, upstairs from Starbucks. FLL’s Business Service Center in Terminal 2 is perfect for business travelers. Open 24/7, the center offers a variety of services such as photocopy machines, fee-based internet kiosk machines, US mail drop-off, money wiring, currency exchange, and phone cards. These services are also available at Terminals 1, 3, and 4. Passengers traveling through Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) can exchange currency at the airport. Currency Exchange booths are available in the Business Service Centers both in Terminal 2 and Terminal 4 (at Terminal 4 it is only open during inbound international flights). The services are available from 7:30 am to 5 pm daily. Passengers traveling through Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) can relax and watch as the planes land and take off at the airport. FLL’s viewing area is located on the top level of the Hibiscus Garage's western edge near section 7A. Are you looking for a quiet place to meditate or pray? You’re welcome to use FLL’s Interfaith Chapel/ Meditation Room. The room is located at the Southside of the Departure Level in Terminal 3. Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) offers a furry and innovative solution to pre-flight nerves. Teams of therapy dogs and handlers, called the FLL AmbassaDOGS, roam the various concourses and terminals throughout the day to help relieve stress, share smiles, and brighten days. For travelers looking to visit historic Fort Lauderdale, the Sun Trolley provides a free service to the downtown area. The drop-off point is at the Downtown Welcome Center, where you can take a trolley to easily reach Himmarshee Village, the beach, or the Riverwalk along the New River. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures United States to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +50 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +51 more 49 50 Tuesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +52 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +53 more 51 52 Wednesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +49 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +50 more 48 49 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +52 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +53 more 51 52 Friday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +53 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +54 more 52 53 Saturday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +50 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +51 more 49 50 Sunday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +53 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +54 more 52 53 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to United States Search Flights Monday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +50 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +51 more 49 50 Tuesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +52 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +53 more 51 52 Wednesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +49 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +50 more 48 49 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +52 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +53 more 51 52 Friday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +53 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +54 more 52 53 Saturday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +50 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +51 more 49 50 Sunday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +53 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +54 more 52 53 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines flying to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline from the United States to Fort Lauderdale. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 87boarding 90crew 86overall 84comfort 78food 80entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "It was on time" Cons: "I thought the joking of one of the flight attendants went to far" Pros: "It was on time" Cons: "I thought the joking of one of the flight attendants went to far" Pros: "The amazing crew." Cons: "Stop cramping so many people on the plane and give extra legroom" Cons: "Flight was delayed and loud large family group was disruptive to other passengers." Pros: "Affordability was the strongest motivator in choosing Southwest." Cons: "I hate that you have to pay extra for the opportunity to sit together with fellow travelers." Pros: "The crew was really friendly and wanted to ensure you were comfortable." Pros: "Very smooth, quick flight. Very attentive, friendly flight attendants. Overall great experience!" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "TSA precheck made it easy, no long lines, and everyone was very accommodating" Pros: "Very sad experience" Cons: "The boarding in FLL was a mess. The gate attendant was terrible and did not oversee the boarding. result was overage of cabin baggage. During the process of boarding, one passenger was apparently injured due to a falling article from the bin caused by an incessant and non contained effort that went on for some 5 minutes of a passenger trying to JAM a bag into a space. No Flight attendant intervened. The flight was delayed for 1.5 hours because of the injury (minor and a bit overdrawn) which resulted in waiting for medical attention at FLL. The entire flight was held. The pilot and the flight attendants did not address the issue and resulted in just sitting on the plane with little or no explanation. Clearly there was a liability concern by SWA, as they had a ground supervisor enter the plane and realign baggage in the bids. The Flight attendants were very short and non courteous to passengers. The pilot was not present a exit of the plane.. We were terribly delayed and it was due to mismanagement by the flight attendants and the ground crew. The in flight service was horrid. Someone needs to look into this." Cons: "On flight WiFi didn’t work. It was a minor inconvenience." Pros: "Friendly crew" Cons: "Little legroom and the flight was delayed could connect to the wifi" Because of the airline changed flight schedules, they shortened my time with my family a day. They offered m to change the flights - on a holiday week there is nothing available. VERY DISAPPOINTING Pros: "Good crew, did a good job making us feel good for a delayed late night flight." Cons: "For some reason air was never turned on. Air only seemed to flow once we were moving but sitting at the gate and once back on the ground taxing it got very hot again." Pros: "Comfortable seats and smooth red-eye transcontinental flight." Cons: "If there weren't a 15-minute delay due to maintenance." Pros: "Even though I was in Group C, I was one of the first to board (Groups A, B, and C were called to board all at once). Since the gate agent said the flight was full and there would be limited space for carry-on bags, being one of the first on the plane was nice. The leg room (I'm 6'2") was good." Cons: "The crew only did one pass through the cabin with soft drinks. Perhaps because it was a red-eye? Anyway, on a nearly 5 hour flight, I would have liked more than one small cup of refreshment." Pros: "The two member of the crew were very welcoming and kept a very good sense of professionalism along with adjustments to every passenger. I can consider myself a frequent flyer and it’s relieving to have a crew like that." Cons: "I would appreciate a quicker and just a little bit more organized check in and maybe some different snacks that will make an airline stand out." Pros: "The crew was excellent and boarding was a cinch. I volunteered to check in my girlfriend and I's bags and the process was very easy." Cons: "Compared to other airlines, I think their food and beverage service was a little lacking." Pros: "Crew was amazing." Cons: "Seats are probably the most uncomfortable I’ve ever sat on." Cons: "Delay on takeoff and a delay on arrival. Flight Attendants never offered headphones for purchase to watch in filght movie/TV." Pros: "Super easy boarding and friendly staff." Cons: "I am 5'11 and my legs were literally touching the seat in front of me the whole time." Pros: "They allowed passengers with little children Board first, unlike the trip from LAX to Boston we had to wait until our class even we traveled with 3 little children" Cons: "Let passengers with special needs board first, and announce baggage claim carousel number before entering the gate" Cons: "Too many people on one flight for a while pandemic to be happening Smh" Pros: "Paid seat was comfortable, entertainment was great" Cons: "The elder gentleman was very rude throughout the flight. Paid for front row seat mostly due to covid and he made us seat and wait for people that had a connection flight to exit the plane all the way from the end of the aircraft defeating the purpose of me buying the front row seat at $65 which was more than the seat was worth. The way the crew asked was was very rude because he stated if we stand up he would keep the door closed. I understand about the passengers with connection flight but its Jetblue responsibility to get these people to their connection but it shouldn’t jeopardize me." Cons: "Two very sick people were allowed to fly and were not denied boarding during these times of Covid19. We actually had to taxi back to terminal to remove a very sick passenger. JetBlue #100 March 17, 2020 10:12 pm from Los Angeles to Fort Lauderdale." Cons: "JetBlue is awful. TVs don’t work. Staff isn’t friendly" Cons: "The video screen at my seat did not work. Otherwise the flight was great" Cons: "Better selection of food. Snacks just did not cut it." Cons: "I had to check my carry on when there was still room in overhead bins. Felayed my trip. Uggh" Cons: "5 to 6 hours flight should have some bread more than snacks" Pros: "The crew was nice" Cons: "Not be over an hour delay and make us switch gates and planes" Pros: "Crew was courteous and gave constant updates in regards to any delays." Cons: "Flight was delayed and there was congestion prior to take off. Not sure there was anything that could’ve been done." Pros: "The crew was great. The pilots too." Cons: "The audio and video at my seat did not work correctly." Pros: "Very nice people and helpful. Good attitude" Cons: "Board was a bit disorganized and took much longer than I am used to even on full planes" Cons: "Nothing, really. Airlines unfortunately can’t make people patient or polite, & I can’t afford a private jet, so I’ll have to settle for an eye roll or twelve." Cons: "Tightly packed seats made for discomfort. My knees were touching the seat in front of me." Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Pros: "The crew was amazing, the seats were super comfortable, entertainment was great, lots of movies to choose from. Also they handed out a lot of great snacks" Cons: "The delay was totally unexpected and frustrating particularly when no bad weather around!" Cons: "A Boeing 757 should not be used for a 6+ hour flight" Pros: "The crew was great." Cons: "The flight and crew were great. But I was not able to choose my seat because I purchased an economy flight. I was very uncomfortable. But I was luck that that people that were sitting with me were great." Pros: "The only thing I liked about the experience and flight was the Delta Sky Club" Cons: "Everything" Pros: "Absolutely nothing" Cons: "Even though there were flight/seats available, Avianca did not make them availability to flight changes and only for new reservations. Extremely disappointed at you fraudulent business practices." Pros: "The attention of the staff and punctuality at the departures" Cons: "The food" Cons: "I can’t tell nothing more about, cause everything was really excellent" Pros: "Absolutely nothing" Cons: "Everything first every single flight taken was delayed by at least 30 mins and not on time, then they played last minute rescheduleds in which they over booked by like twice the amount of people on flight and offer a mediocre 100 dollar travel voucher to make up for it to get on the next flight that’s 4 hours later. Since no one took that offer they ended up rescheduling it and stopping in other places to ale up for the lack of space, what was suppose to be a 6 hour flight turn in a 12 hour flight." Cons: "Not enough space between the seats in front of me" Cons: "I was told hours before my flight that my flight was delayed due to weather in the NYC area and that the new flight time was two hours later. There were no weather issues at this time. This delay made me miss my connection and the only option was for me to have a 24 hour layover in Bogota, Colombia. As a woman traveling alone this was not acceptable to me but I had no other choice. I got a hotel room for the evening and tried to make the best of it. I was not offered any compensation for this inconvenience, nothing, not even an offer to pay for my hotel room. Similar things happened to three other people in my group that I was meeting in Peru all traveling from different locations. I lost an entire day in Peru because of this. On my return flight Avianca changed the times as well and I was forced to take an earlier fight home the day before I was scheduled to leave. I therefore lost a total of two days of my vacation because of Avianca and they did NOTHING to compensate me for it. STAY AWAY FROM THIS AIRLINE!!!" Pros: "The food was mediocre." Cons: "The customer service was terrible. Our connecting plane had not left yet and they did not let us on. They proceeded to tell us that our only option was to stay the night and take another flight the next day. Us and 10 other people had to get into an argument with the staff in order for something to be done. After begging, they finally said they would put us on an earlier flight the following morning and they put us in a hotel. The staff did not care about us or our missed flight/wasted money that we paid for the hotel at our destination that night. It took 30 minutes for a manager to give us the time of day. Horrible experience. It's really shocking that this is how the company treats its customers." Pros: "Food. As usual with avianca was amazing." Cons: "The staff. Completely unprofessional. Flying executive from SJO to JFK with the Costa Rican staff was amazing. This one compared, was deplorable." Pros: "The personnel was excellent, they were friendly and very accommodating." Cons: "The in- flight movies were not very good, perhaps contemplate on having choices for customers so that we select them." Pros: "Crew service is very professional and froendly. They make sure we were comfortable and help us with our needs." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Book Cheap Fort Lauderdale Plane Tickets Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best deals for one-way flights to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/3Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 04mPHL-FLL $26 Search 1/27Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 14mORD-FLL $27 Search 2/27Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 32mBOS-FLL $64 Search 3/19Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 20mLGA-FLL $64 Search 1/10Wed nonstopDelta 3h 09mJFK-FLL $64 Search 3/20Wed nonstopDelta 3h 24mJFK-FLL $65 Search 1/24Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 12mJFK-FLL $77 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 10mJFK-FLL $78 Search 12/9Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 17mLGA-FLL $96 Search 12/30Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 13mEWR-FLL $118 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$60 or less$70 or less$80 or less$120 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 1/5Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 04mPHL-FLL 1/11Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 48mFLL-PHL $48 Search 12/13Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 00mPHL-FLL 12/20Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 45mFLL-PHL $49 Search 1/9Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 01mPHL-FLL 1/18Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 48mFLL-PHL $58 Search 1/10Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 01mPHL-FLL 1/13Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 50mFLL-PHL $60 Search 1/16Tue nonstopDelta 3h 14mJFK-FLL 1/30Tue nonstopDelta 2h 53mFLL-JFK $128 Search 3/19Tue nonstopDelta 3h 26mJFK-FLL 3/27Wed nonstopDelta 2h 59mFLL-JFK $129 Search 1/9Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 04mJFK-FLL 1/14Sun nonstopJetBlue 2h 57mFLL-JFK $133 Search 2/2Fri nonstopJetBlue 3h 13mJFK-FLL 2/10Sat nonstopJetBlue 3h 07mFLL-JFK $138 Search 2/2Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 03mJFK-FLL 2/5Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 49mFLL-JFK $154 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 10mJFK-FLL 1/12Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 56mFLL-JFK $157 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaJetBlueAmerican Airlines Search by price$50 or less$60 or less$130 or less$140 or less$160 or less Last minute flights to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 51mPHL-FLL 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 46mFLL-PHL $68 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 35mDTW-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 59mFLL-DTW $69 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 08mJFK-FLL 12/9Sat nonstopJetBlue 2h 55mFLL-JFK $172 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 52mJFK-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 18mFLL-JFK $188 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 08mJFK-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 44mFLL-JFK $193 Search 12/2Sat nonstopJetBlue 3h 04mEWR-FLL 12/12Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 57mFLL-EWR $220 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 7h 19mEWR-FLL 12/13Wed multi-stopDelta 4h 56mFLL-EWR $239 Search 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 3h 16mJFK-FLL 12/23Sat nonstopDelta 3h 01mFLL-JFK $253 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 08mEWR-FLL 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 08mFLL-EWR $283 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 02mORD-FLL 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 23mFLL-ORD $284 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$70 or less$190 or less$220 or less$250 or less$280 or less Flights to Fort Lauderdale Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - United States Cabin classes: $594 First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $494 Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $318 Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $32 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » United States $64Flights from Alabama to Fort Lauderdale $398Flights from Alaska to Fort Lauderdale $98Flights from Arizona to Fort Lauderdale $75Flights from Arkansas to Fort Lauderdale $83Flights from California to Fort Lauderdale $95Flights from Colorado to Fort Lauderdale $84Flights from Connecticut to Fort Lauderdale $98Flights from District of Columbia to Fort Lauderdale $38Flights from Florida to Fort Lauderdale $35Flights from Georgia to Fort Lauderdale $325Flights from Hawaii to Fort Lauderdale $90Flights from Idaho to Fort Lauderdale $63Flights from Illinois to Fort Lauderdale $72Flights from Indiana to Fort Lauderdale $108Flights from Iowa to Fort Lauderdale $144Flights from Kansas to Fort Lauderdale $42Flights from Kentucky to Fort Lauderdale $61Flights from Louisiana to Fort Lauderdale $181Flights from Maine to Fort Lauderdale $65Flights from Maryland to Fort Lauderdale $69Flights from Massachusetts to Fort Lauderdale $59Flights from Michigan to Fort Lauderdale $104Flights from Minnesota to Fort Lauderdale $177Flights from Mississippi to Fort Lauderdale $126Flights from Missouri to Fort Lauderdale $257Flights from Montana to Fort Lauderdale $182Flights from Nebraska to Fort Lauderdale $81Flights from Nevada to Fort Lauderdale $69Flights from New Hampshire to Fort Lauderdale $40Flights from New Jersey to Fort Lauderdale $167Flights from New Mexico to Fort Lauderdale $58Flights from New York State to Fort Lauderdale $40Flights from North Carolina to Fort Lauderdale $277Flights from North Dakota to Fort Lauderdale $39Flights from Ohio to Fort Lauderdale $217Flights from Oklahoma to Fort Lauderdale $95Flights from Oregon to Fort Lauderdale $40Flights from Pennsylvania to Fort Lauderdale Flights from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale $168Flights from Rhode Island to Fort Lauderdale $40Flights from South Carolina to Fort Lauderdale $160Flights from South Dakota to Fort Lauderdale $40Flights from Tennessee to Fort Lauderdale $49Flights from Texas to Fort Lauderdale $151Flights from Utah to Fort Lauderdale $217Flights from Vermont to Fort Lauderdale $68Flights from Virginia to Fort Lauderdale $90Flights from Washington to Fort Lauderdale $171Flights from West Virginia to Fort Lauderdale Flights from Wilmington, Delaware to Fort Lauderdale $150Flights from Wisconsin to Fort Lauderdale $95Flights from Wyoming to Fort Lauderdale View more Popular routes The most searched flights to Fort Lauderdale by KAYAK users. $86Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale (EWR - FLL) $89New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale (LGA - FLL) $76Chicago O'Hare Airport to Fort Lauderdale (ORD - FLL) $39Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale (ATL - FLL) $77Boston to Fort Lauderdale (BOS - FLL) $138New York John F Kennedy Airport to Fort Lauderdale (JFK - FLL) $124Los Angeles to Fort Lauderdale (LAX - FLL) $80Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale (BWI - FLL) $54Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale (PHL - FLL) $63Detroit to Fort Lauderdale (DTW - FLL) $78Houston George Bush Airport to Fort Lauderdale (IAH - FLL) $123Reagan Washington National Airport to Fort Lauderdale (DCA - FLL) $82Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Fort Lauderdale (DFW - FLL) $41Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale (CLE - FLL) $129San Francisco to Fort Lauderdale (SFO - FLL) View more Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $35Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Airlines Delta to Fort Lauderdale $31Spirit Airlines to Fort Lauderdale $49JetBlue to Fort Lauderdale Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from anywhere in United States. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from anywhere in United States. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.