Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark C$ 85 (C̶$̶ ̶2̶9̶9̶). Orlando Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark 14500 Continental Gateway, Orlando, FL 32821, United States+1 407 387 5437 From C$ 106 Cheapest rate per night 6.5 Okay based on 7,350 reviews Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Room type Provider Nightly total Standard Room C$ 106 View Deal King room C$ 114 View Deal Queen room C$ 120 View Deal 119 more Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark deals 119 more Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark deals About Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark Resort Room Enjoy the many amenities of the resort Enhanced cleaning This stay has committed to enhanced cleaning measures.Learn more Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi for free The Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites Waterpark is a Walt Disney World Good Neighbor Hotel and the only all-suite Holiday Inn Resort at the entrance to the Walt Disney World Resort. We are located in the heart of the Orlando tourism district on 24 acres just one mile from the Walt Disney World Resort. The resort is also near many of the other popular attractions including Universal Orlando Resort, SeaWorld Orlando, Orange County Convention Center and the International Drive entertainment district. Our family resort features 777 spacious 1, 2, and 3 bedroom family suites. You will enjoy our many great amenities which include our Lagoon Pool and Waterpark, complimentary shuttle service to the Walt Disney World Resort, 9 hole mini golf course, Arcade, Kids Splash Pad, Fitness Center, outdoor basketball courts, kids playground, Family Movie Night, wireless Internet and other resort activities. The resort also offers great dining options including Lakeside Cafe, Burger Theory, Sombrero's Cantina, Hershey's Ice Cream Shop, Antonio's Pizzeria, Lunchbox Deli Subs, Essentials Market and the Lagoon Poolside Bar. Read more Photos of Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark Building 1/32 Pool 2/32 Other 3/32 Building 4/32 Balcony 5/32 Building 6/32 Pool 7/32 Living room 8/32 Living room 9/32 Living room 10/32 Bar 11/32 Living room 12/32 Restaurant 13/32 Gym 14/32 Other 15/32 Bedroom 16/32 Bedroom 17/32 Bedroom 18/32 Business centre 19/32 Front desk 20/32 Other 21/32 Bedroom 22/32 Bedroom 23/32 Building 24/32 Bathroom 25/32 Other 26/32 Pool 27/32 Bathroom 28/32 Conference room 29/32 Front desk 30/32 Bedroom 31/32 Gym 32/32 All photos(32) Bedroom(6) Building(4) Living room(4) Other(4) View all photos Latest deals for Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Standard Room See amenities C$ 106 View deal C$ 129 View deal C$ 139 View deal Show 10 more deals King room See amenities C$ 114 View deal C$ 126 View deal C$ 133 View deal Show 10 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 120 View deal C$ 127 View deal C$ 158 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 142 View deal C$ 147 View deal C$ 153 View deal Show 5 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark Water sport facilities (on site) Outdoor pool Water slide Fitness centre Restaurant Bar/Lounge Room service Basketball court Free Wi-Fi Coffee shop Basics Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Fire extinguisher Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Air-conditioned Free Wi-Fi Linens Towels Shampoo Body soap Trash cans Conditioner Health and safety Face masks for guests available Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Enhanced cleaning Accessibility and suitability Entire unit wheelchair accessible No smoking Non-feather pillow Designated smoking area Private entrance Roll-in shower Disabled Access Elevator Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Toilet with grab rails Upper floors accessible by elevator Services and conveniences ATM on-site Business centre Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Mini-market on site Meeting/Banquet facilities Room service Key card access 24hr front desk Safety deposit box Kitchen Kitchenware Kitchen Kitchenette Dishwasher Microwave Stovetop Toaster Refrigerator Dining area Things to do Board games/puzzles Game room Mini-golf Table tennis Water park Water sport facilities (on site) Pool table Basketball court General Window Family rooms Hardwood or parquet floors Storage available Seating area Sofa Telephone Carpeted Bathroom Hairdryer Private bathroom Shower Additional toilet Bathtub Toilet Toilet paper Dining Restaurant Bar/Lounge Coffee shop Snack bar Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Pool and spa Heated pool Hot tub Outdoor pool Pool bar Water slide Bedroom Socket near the bed Sofa bed Alarm clock Clothes rack Wardrobe or closet Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV TV Laundry Laundry facilities Laundry service Iron and ironing board Family friendly Kids' club Kids' outdoor play equipment Playground Parking and transportation Parking Outdoor Terrace/Patio Workspace Desk Fitness Fitness centre Show all 110 amenities Reviews of Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark 6.5 OkayBased on 7,350 verified guest reviews 6.4Solo 6.8Couples 6.6Families 6.2Friends Traveller type: Solo Couples Families Friends Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention pool was greatroom was dirtywater parkbreakfast was goodkids lovedeverything was greatstaff was friendlyfamily suitefood was goodfront deskgreat locationfamily friendlygame roomsofa bedresort feeroom was clean Traveler rating: Poor (283) Mediocre (87) Fair (97) Okay (77) Good (96) Very good (97) Wonderful (235) Sort by: Newest first E 7.1 Good Enrique, Nov. 2019 Cons:The toilet was leaking from the bottom of the room and nobody came to look at it or switch us out of the room. J 9.4 Wonderful Juan E, Oct. 2019 Pros:The whole place is beautiful. Cons:Breakfast variety C 10.0 Wonderful Condisa, Aug. 2019 Pros:Everything A 8.0 Very good Anonymous, Aug. 2019 Pros:The property and water park were convenient and the price was good. The staff were wonderful! Cons:It needs a thorough cleaning, the food was ok but overpriced. Get rid of the “welcome gift” which isn’t a gift all all...it’s a pressure tactic to go on their timeshare tour. M 10.0 Wonderful Melissa, Mar. 2019 Cons:The only thing that was not completely amazing was the pizza from the pizza place in the hotel. It was the worst pizza ever! Other than that this hotel is incredible! So much to do with the kiddos!! A 5.7 Fair Amanda, Nov. 2018 Pros:Loved all the beds for each kid. Staff, Janelle, was lovely and helpful. Cons:Assistance with getting around. Shuttle returned at 7 from parks that stay open till 11. No airport shuttle. No help with any of this. A 2.0 Poor Anonymous, Apr. 2018 Cons:We didn’t get the room we paid for, people above us stomped around like they were going to come through the ceiling until 4am in the morning. There is no form of sound proofing and you hear everything. The place was at capacity and unable to cope with it. We didn’t even both going to the water park. It was expensive and not worth it at all. A 10.0 Wonderful Alvin, Jan. 2018 Pros:I enjoyed this hotel very much. I appreciated the fact that there was another room for my kids with a bunk bed. Most places has just one large room with two Queen/King size beds. The room was clean, the art was simple but enjoyable, especially the kids. Their was a TV in each room. The staff was friendly. Lastly the pool, 4D movies, and Laser challenge made my kids stay there an awesome experience. M 2.0 Poor Matt, Apr. 2017 Pros:Nothing Cons:I read some of the bad reviews online, but decided to give it a chance because you can't please everyone. That was where I made a mistake. When we arrived at our room we found it with the door propped open upon entering the room that was a musty odor the room was unclean and there was mold growing in the bathroom. . We called the front desk and ask for a change of room, and while we are waiting for the person who had just checked out of this room came back to look for something they had left behind. They had just checked him and asked to be moved because of the mold as well. They were just recycling rooms and giving that open room to the next person that walked in the door. About three doors down there was another family who I just checked him who is also leaving because of mold in their room. We promptly went through Travelocity and ask for our money back on the reservation, which we were granted even though it was supposedly nonrefundable, and book another room at another hotel. By this time it was 3 o'clock in the morning as we had landed in Orlando at midnight A 8.8 Very good Anonymous, Nov. 2016 Pros:The hotel rooms were large. It was very close to the Disney parks. I liked the market place. They were very sensitive to my gluten food allergy and went above and beyond for my safety. Cons:Area was loud during the evening over the weekend due to a movie that was shown at the pool. I did not realize it was a family based hotel when I booked it. The sound decreased around 9:30-10 am. Location 14500 Continental Gateway, Orlando, FL 32821 What's nearby Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park2.1 km La Nouba2.1 km Basilica of the National Shrine of Mary, Queen of the Universe3.3 km Epcot4.5 km Walt Disney World Resort5.4 km Discovery Cove7.3 km SeaWorld Orlando7.3 km Disney's Animal Kingdom8 km Magic Kingdom Park9.9 km Skeletons: Animals Unveiled10.3 km Fun Spot America13.1 km Universal's Islands of Adventure13.3 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 4:00 PM, check out anytime before 10:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark Low season July High season December Average price (weeknight) C$ 158 Average price (weekend night) C$ 226 Cheapest month to stay with an average 56% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 60% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark If you’re after a cheap room at Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in July and November. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark, plan to stay on a Monday or Saturday. The most expensive day is usually Thursday. The cheapest price a room at Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 216, while the most expensive was C$ 216. How long should you stay at Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 4 days. FAQs when booking at Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark What activities are offered for children and families at the Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites – Waterpark? Brace yourself for a fun time for young and old with the many family-friendly activities offered at the Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites – Waterpark. Whether water-related activities like the Mermaid Academy or Water Balloon Toss Competitions, or back on safe land with family trivia quizzes and karaoke – here you will be spoiled for choice when it comes to planning your daily family activities. The 9-hole mini golf course also promises great fun and entertainment, and is included in the stay. Are any packages available to book at the Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites – Waterpark? At the Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites – Waterpark you can benefit from the family packages, jam-packed with action and advantages to make your stay even more memorable. The Family Fun Package, for instance, includes access to the gaming halls and free buffet for children under 12. With the vacation packages, you can combine your stay at the hotel with a visit to one of the many theme parks dotting Orlando. Should you visit the hotel to celebrate a birthday, also inquire at the concierge about the birthday package available. Is it possible to check in earlier or check out later at the Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites – Waterpark? If the usual check-in times do not concur with your travel plans, let the Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites – Waterpark know in advance, so your room may be ready at the required time – though this is subject to availability. Later check-outs are possible at a half-day rate, though you should let the hotel know in advance, to make sure the room is still available at that time. What is the easiest way to reach Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites – Waterpark from the airport? By far the quickest and most convenient way to reach the Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites – Waterpark from Orlando International airport is by car. The FL-417 Toll S will get you to the resort in about 20m, but bear in mind that this route has tolls. To avoid tolls, take the slightly longer route via W Sand Lake Road and then I-4 W. Why should we definitely eat at the Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites – Waterpark restaurants? Apart from the close proximity to family activities that the restaurants provide, there is also entertainment fused with eating to keep the entire family happy. At the Lakeside Café, Captain Holiday and his pals drop in on various dates and share breakfast with you for a thoroughly enjoyable eating experience. Inquire at the reception desk about when the Captain and his friends will visit the next time and make sure to go and meet him. What is provided at the waterpark of the Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites – Waterpark? The waterpark is Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites – Waterpark’s signature treat for all families and indulges with a zero-depth-entry pool, as well as two massive whirlpools where children and adults alike can bubble away. Additionally, children can play in the four-story water tower or go down the seven slides and flumes. As the pool is heated, expect convenient water temperatures, so everyone will love to splash around here. Where is Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark located? Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark is located at 14500 Continental Gateway, 23.8 km from the centre of Orlando. Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park is the closest landmark to Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark. When is check-in time and check-out time at Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark? Check-in time is 4:00 PM and check-out time is 10:00 AM at Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark. Does Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark offers free Wi-Fi. How far is Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark from the airport? Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark is 21.2 km from Orlando. Does Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark have a pool? Yes, Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark in Orlando and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark. Nearby hotels and places to stay ClosestSee more nearby stays 4-star hotel Marriott's Sabal Palms9 Excellent (82 reviews)0.34 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 390+ 4-star hotel Orlando World Center Marriott8.2 Excellent (905 reviews)0.36 kmSpa and wellness centre, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 305+ Rental Celebrate the holidays in a 2 Bedroom Villa in Orlando- Available 23-29 Dec 202310 Excellent (2 reviews)0.48 kmPrivate pool, Kitchen, game roomC$ 275+ Rental Headline0.51 kmC$ 529+ CheapestSee cheapest stays in Orlando Rental 2 Bedroom Condo (421626) by Houzlet1 kmAir-conditionedC$ 148+ Rental Large condo less than 10 minutes from Major Parks10 Excellent (2 reviews)0.7 kmBalcony, air-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 180+ Rental 4th-floor resort condo with elevator, screened balcony, washer/dryer & AC0.95 kmBalcony, air-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 191+ 3-star hotel Bryan's Spanish Cove9 Excellent (433 reviews)1 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 193+ Most recommendedSee most recommended stays in Orlando Rental Large condo less than 10 minutes from Major Parks10 Excellent (2 reviews)0.7 kmBalcony, air-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 180+ Rental Marriott Imperial Palms 3bd10 Excellent (5 reviews)0.66 kmPrivate pool, Kitchen, air-conditionedC$ 322+ Rental Celebrate the holidays in a 2 Bedroom Villa in Orlando- Available 23-29 Dec 202310 Excellent (2 reviews)0.48 kmPrivate pool, Kitchen, game roomC$ 275+ Rental Multi-pool, premier reosrt - FREE WiFi,, free parking, NO resort fee10 Excellent (1 review)0.63 kmGame room, Balcony, air-conditionedC$ 196+ Good to know Value for money 6.7 Distance to downtown 23.8 km Nearest Airport Orlando Distance to airport 21.3 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Florida Orlando Hotels Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark Top Hotel Destinations Niagara Falls Hotels Singapore Hotels Mississauga Hotels Ottawa Hotels Myrtle Beach Hotels Dubrovnik Hotels Seattle Hotels Moscow Hotels Toronto Hotels San Diego Hotels Montreal Hotels London Hotels Thunder Bay Hotels Vancouver hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Kelowna hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark discounts in Orlando with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark in Orlando. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Holiday Inn Resort Orlando Suites - Waterpark that suits you best. C$ 108 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.