Cheap Flights from New York JFK to Barcelona-El Prat from $160 | (JFK - BCN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JFK - BCN Find cheap flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona-El Prat from $160 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/24. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Barcelona-El Prat These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Barcelona. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Barcelona. How much is the cheapest flight from John F Kennedy Intl to Barcelona-El Prat?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Barcelona-El Prat that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:00 pm - 12:25 pmJFK-BCN 7h 25mnonstop 6:00 pm - 9:15 pmBCN-JFK 9h 15mnonstop $396Vueling Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Wed, Feb 28 11:00 pm - 12:25 pmJFK-BCN 7h 25mnonstop 6:00 pm - 9:15 pmBCN-JFK 9h 15mnonstop $397Vueling Find Deal Sun, Dec 3 - Sat, Dec 9 5:30 pm - 7:00 amJFK-BCN 7h 30mnonstop 9:15 am - 12:25 pmBCN-JFK 9h 10mnonstop $494Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Fri, Jan 19 6:55 pm - 12:05 pmJFK-BCN 11h 10m1 stop 10:40 am - 1:35 pmBCN-JFK 8h 55mnonstop $497British Airways Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Mon, Jan 15 11:00 pm - 12:25 pmJFK-BCN 7h 25mnonstop 10:40 am - 1:35 pmBCN-JFK 8h 55mnonstop $498Iberia Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sun, Dec 17 9:35 pm - 1:35 pmJFK-BCN 10h 00m1 stop 10:40 am - 1:35 pmBCN-JFK 8h 55mnonstop $502British Airways Find Deal Wed, Dec 6 - Sun, Dec 10 8:40 pm - 4:10 pmJFK-BCN 13h 30m1 stop 10:40 am - 1:35 pmBCN-JFK 8h 55mnonstop $508American Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Sat, Jan 20 11:00 pm - 12:25 pmJFK-BCN 7h 25mnonstop 12:35 pm - 6:55 pmBCN-JFK 12h 20m1 stop $513Iberia Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Mon, Dec 18 7:06 pm - 8:40 amJFK-BCN 7h 34mnonstop 11:00 am - 9:30 pmBCN-JFK 16h 30m1 stop $557American Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 1 - Wed, Jan 24 5:20 pm - 7:00 amJFK-BCN 7h 40mnonstop 9:15 am - 12:35 pmBCN-JFK 9h 20mnonstop $594Delta Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Wed, Dec 20 Show more results Flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Barcelona-El Prat - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Barcelona-El Prat to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport is January, where tickets cost $432 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,001 and $955 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 71 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $396 on Vueling, followed by TAP AIR PORTUGAL ($407). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $192 on Azores Airlines and from $271 on Vueling. Which airlines fly non-stop between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport. They are: American Airlines, Delta and Iberia. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with American Airlines at $499 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Iberia. How many flights are there between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Barcelona-El Prat Airport per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 5 nonstop flights that take off from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and land in Barcelona-El Prat Airport, with an average flight time of 7h 35m. The most common departure time is 7:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 30 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona take? Nonstop flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport generally make it to Barcelona in 7h 25m. The flying distance between the two cities is 3,819 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport at 5:20 pm and will be landing in Barcelona-El Prat Airport at 7:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport jets off at 11:00 pm and lands at 12:25 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $160 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 26% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 24% increase in price. Flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona When to book flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Barcelona-El Prat Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from John F Kennedy Intl to Barcelona-El Prat based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona-El Prat flights What is the best way to get to downtown Barcelona from BCN Airport? There are multiple ways to get to downtown Barcelona from Barcelona El Prat Airport. You can utilize the RENFE train's free services to connect from the airport to downtown Barcelona. The train regularly runs every 30min with stops at Passeig de Gracia, Sants Estacio, and Clot and takes 25min to reach downtown. Moreover, you can use a taxi or rideshare, which will cost more but takes the shortest time to cover the same distance. Is there parking at New York John F Kennedy International Airport? Yes, there are several parking options that you can choose. There is long-term parking (Economy parking lot) located at Lefferts Boulevard. However, if you are planning on parking short-term parking, you can opt for the parking located outside of each terminal. The airport also offers a complimentary shuttle service 24/7 with stops in all terminals, including car rentals, hotel shuttle stops, and parking lots. Are there pet relief areas at BCN Airport? There are no pet relief areas at Barcelona El Prat Airport. Therefore, it is recommended that passengers traveling with their furry friends should use the pre-security outdoor pet bathrooms. However, you can be lucky enough to find a relief area at Terminal 1, an open-air smoking area. Can I find accommodation at a hotel near JFK Airport? Yes, when looking for a hotel to spend the night to avoid the early morning commute near JFK airport, look no further than TWA Hotel. TWA Hotel offers top-tier amenities such as a fitness center, ample parking, and a swimming pool. The best part is that it is situated 0.3 miles from the airport. Do I need a passport to fly between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Barcelona? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona? New York John F Kennedy Airport airport is called New York John F Kennedy Intl and the only airport in Barcelona is Barcelona-El Prat. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona flight route: Vueling, Iberia, Delta, Aeromexico, Air Europa, and American Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona? The Boeing 777-200/200ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Barcelona, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona? There are nonstop flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to Barcelona, Delta or Finnair? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to Barcelona are Delta and Finnair. With an average price for the route of $920 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Finnair is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $858 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Barcelona from New York John F Kennedy Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Barcelona with an airline and back to New York John F Kennedy Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and BCN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Barcelona? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Barcelona from New York John F Kennedy Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from JFK to Barcelona-El Prat Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $320 or less one-way and $587 or less round-trip. Airtrain JFK is a free shuttle train that passengers traveling through New York John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) can use to reach their destination. The train has numerous stops at all passenger terminals, hence the most efficient way to travel to the airport for passengers connecting through Howard and Jamaica trains. If you are coming from Long Island or Midtown to the airport, commuter trains stopping at Jamaica station are the most efficient alternative. There are several airlines that passengers can opt from when traveling from New York John F Kennedy International Airport to Barcelona El Prat Airport (BCN). These airlines include Vueling Airlines and Level Airlines, operating nonstop. Alternatively, you can opt for TAP Air Portugal Airlines with one-stop. However, this will cost you another 3h delay, the cheapest option. You will find at least a top-notch nursing suite for passengers traveling with minors at JFK. The nursing suite is located at Terminal 8 and equipped with strollers, baby changing tables, a comfortable seat, and a place to hold luggage. If you are flying into Barcelona El Prat Airport late at night and looking for accommodation, consider spending the night at Albergue Centre Esplai, located 1.3 miles from the airport. The hotel offers peerless amenities, from free Wi-Fi to free shuttle services. BCN Airport has several lounges that passengers can take advantage of after a long flight. These lounges include Colomer Lounge, Pau Casals Lounge, Canudas Lounge, and Joan Miro Lounge, located at Terminal 1. Alternatively, a passenger can opt for Sleep&Fly Lounge, located at Terminal 2, offering excellent services, including showers. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York John F Kennedy Intl to Barcelona-El Prat? Find which airlines fly direct from John F Kennedy Intl to Barcelona-El Prat, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York John F Kennedy Intl to Barcelona-El Prat Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +8 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +8 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +9 more 7 8 Friday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Barcelona-El Prat to New York John F Kennedy Intl Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +8 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +8 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +9 more 7 8 Friday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +10 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from John F Kennedy Intl to Barcelona-El Prat See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to Barcelona. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from John F Kennedy Intl to Barcelona-El Prat? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9112 reviews 78comfort 86crew 82boarding 79food 77entertainment 82overall Airline reviews Pros: "Friendly and caring attendants. Smooth flight. Good condition of the aircraft."Read more about SWISS Pros: "Friendly and caring attendants. Smooth flight. Good condition of the aircraft." Pros: "The best thing is that they’re always on time" Cons: "The seats are way too cramped" Cons: "К сажалению,мне испортили отпуск. Был утеряны мой багаж. Я вынуждена 3 день ходить по магазинам и тратить свое время на отдых,покупая необходимые вещи,те, что необходимо для отдыха. Я потеряла три дня отдыха. И до сих пор я дожидаясь , сижу в квартире и не знаю когда он прибудет. Я крайне не довольна To the planting, I was spoiled vacation. My luggage was lost. I have to go shopping for 3 days and spend my time on vacation, buying the necessary things, those that are necessary for recreation. I lost three days of rest. And so far I'm waiting, sitting in the apartment and I do not know when he will arrive. I am extremely unhappy" Pros: "Booked a flight to Europe. Online check in easy. Luggage dropoff at JFK had no line for online check in. Flight was on time, my luggage arrived in my final destination fine (had 1 transfer). Crew was efficient and attentive." Cons: "Spaces for seats in the economy class are shrinking. With Swiss Air, seems more so as the seats recline quite a bit which is of course good for an 8-9 hours flight. However if the passenger in front of you reclines their seats, you absolutely are forced to recline yours immediately, otherwise no one will fit. Flight attendants have to ask passengers to put the seats back from reclining during meal service so people can open the food tray and are able to access it, that is how much the seats tilt." Pros: "Everyone was very friendly and helpful. They were all multi-lingual and ready to help foreign travelers. The food was good. The plain wasn’t overstuffed with people - actually there were enough open seats that everyone could have a little extra space. Will always check Swiss Air first for international travel." Pros: "It was nice because plane was half empty so had quicker attention from stewards - everything was good." Pros: "It reminds me of school dinners" Cons: "Bland, over cooked No thought into the presentation or flavour" Pros: "Swiss has the most cheerful crews I've seen, and their enthusiasm is infectious which makes it easier to tolerate being cramped in a plane for hours. Also, I love that they give you a Swiss chocolate at the en of the flight." Cons: "While I was on line to board, a flight assistant came to me and asked me if I was flying by myself. When I said yes. they upgraded me to business class. I boarded the plane and took my seat. Shortly before taking off, another flight attendant came to me, told me they made a mistake, and sent me back to my original economy seat (while I was holding my new business boarding pass that they gave me). When I told them they should remedy somehow their mistake, they said they did not have any other extra seat in business and that there was nothing they could do. They did not apologize. They were quite unprofessional and rude. I fly often and I have never experienced something so unprofessional and rude. Alitalia is far better than Swissair in terms of professionalism and of politeness. I will always discourage anyone from flying Swissair. Worst company ever." Pros: "Flight was overbooked so we were offered a cash incentive to volunteer to wait for the next flight, which we accepted. Boarding staff were great." Cons: "Very long time to board which resulted in flight leaving late" Pros: "We were traveling international in Twitter after contacting we were told we can carry one checked baggage but then we were not allowed and at gate they didn’t know the procedure and repeatedly We did not get our special meal we had requested" Cons: "We were traveling international in Twitter after contacting we were told we can carry one checked baggage but then we were not allowed and at gate they didn’t know the procedure and repeatedly We did not get our special meal we had requested" Pros: "On time, service was good" Cons: "Food, I can't understand why the main course has such a poor taste and looks like it was eaten before." Cons: "Tightly packed seats made for discomfort. My knees were touching the seat in front of me." Cons: "A Boeing 757 should not be used for a 6+ hour flight" Pros: "Lovely crew. The food was tasty." Cons: "It would’ve been nice to make up some flight time in the air from the 4 hour delay and multiple gate changes that were all announced too late to delay a trip to the airport :(" Pros: "The entire crew was amazing they were professional friendly and accommodating" Pros: "Good food, entertainment and Delta Comfort section worth the extra cost." Cons: "Boarding at JFK a nightmare." Cons: "I checked two bags and paid for them. The flight was full. I dutifully got in line for zone two. Next thing you know, at least 25 people got to board early and have free bag check. Really? I should get $35 dollar refund." Cons: "The flight was delayed by more than an hour. My seat's entertainment system was broken, so an 8 hour flight with not much to do other than sleep." Cons: "The flight from. JFK to Barcelona was delayed as well. Their computers were down in Atlanta. So everyone had to have their name hand typed into a computer when boarding. Then the pilot said that our bags are usually weighed and computerized for even distribution on the plane. That system was also down, so we sat on the runway waiting for that problem to be fixed. When we arrived at Barcelona, I unpacked and discovered a jacket and pants in my luggage were wet. The only place that could have happened was at JfK during their rain storm and the luggage weight issue." Pros: "Very friendly, helpful and communicative crew." Cons: "Only complaint: the touch screen on the seat back was oddly unresponsive and this made it a bit difficult to interface with the various in-flight entertainment options; the streaming music in particular." Pros: "Great crew. I love Lufthansa. I just wish there was more room for my legs." Cons: "More leg room!" Pros: "crew wasn't friendly, seats are very narrow and uncomfortable" Cons: "FOOD WAS DISGUSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Cons: "The Soviet Union wants its airline back. This was perhaps the RUDEST airline experience I've ever experienced. I was at Frankfurt (FRA) airport waiting to board Air Moldova Flight 864 to Chisinau (KIV). Due to a delay caused by Frankfurt security (and no fault of my own), I was delayed in reaching the gate. Since it was past my boarding time, I grabbed my bags from the conveyor belt once past security without having time to repack. I arrived at the gate and the extremely rude Air Moldova gate agent on duty yelled at me and demanded that I give her my boarding pass. When I told her I needed to pack, she yelled that there was “no time for that”. When I searched for my pass, she again yelled and said “NOW!”. When I told her that it was not my fault that I arrived late since there was a delay at security, she said “Not my problem!”. After she checked my boarding pass, I tried to repack and she again yelled “There is no time. Go to the bus NOW!” I once again told her that it was not my fault I got delayed and she again yelled “NOT MY PROBLEM”. In addition to rude employees, the airline is clearly in violation of safety regulations. The safety card in the back seat pocket was written in ARMENIAN – and Armenian only, thanks to the plane having been leased and Air Moldova not appropriately changing the safety cards. How did they expect people who read Romanian or Russian (the local languages) or English to understand it! On top of that, the plane was easily 20 years old or more and dirty. If they can't even keep a plane clean or have the appropriate safety cards, what else are they not maintaining. Do not fly this terrible airline!" Cons: "The flight was delayed several times and we were kept waiting at the gate without knowing when exactly we will leave." Pros: "The flight was smooth and the flight attendants were very polite and helpful. It was a great experience" Cons: "The bathroom was a bit smelly" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Not making my connection due to plane delay, poor boarding processes, long Lufthansa lines, and slow customer service. Couldn't make my connecting flight or the flight after that because they were over booked. Then was sent to Brussels with a 4 hour layover, and missed my Saturday interview at 4 pm. Then the Brussels Airlines flight was delayed. Never again." Pros: "The cheese sandwich was good." Cons: "Flight left late. Airport employees weren't helpful. The plane was hot." Pros: "Crew was pleasant." Cons: "Premium economy upgrade not worth the price! Wheelchair service ordered but NOT provided In Frankfort!" Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Having to wait 3 hours to catch the next plane. Also Frankfurt airport takes too long to get from one place to another- it’s a maze and there are too many slow checkpoints for connecting flights." Pros: "Terrible check in in NY. 3 customer service reps for premium, 1 for economy class. [Flew premium economy to Helsinki and business to Warsaw] arrived late to Helsinki. Had to wait 8 hours. Food on the plane to Helsinki looked like vomit Never again. Afraid that on a way back the plane will be late again" Pros: "Flight was good with no turbulence. Crew was professional and courteous." Cons: "Problems with monitor, went down a couple of times. Would like a better movie selection. Food used to be better. Even the dessert was not what I used to get before. Felt like the legroom got tighter too." Pros: "Good food." Cons: "Entertainment TV did not work. Flight attendants were unable to fix it. Made for a long, boring 7.5 hour flight." Pros: "The flight and the crew was very nice, and the food was very good." Cons: "Some phone people were very nice, some were not." Pros: "Food was all right because the flight didn't depart from Finland and catering was from a non-Finnish supplier. Hurrah!" Cons: "Stewardesses announced that only chicken is available, regardless of any special meal requests (vegetarian etc..). Eventually special meals were located, but not before passengers specifically demanding for them. WTF. Finnair generously pours you a half an glass of wine with meal, for anything more you have to pay for. Supposedly you can buy snacks with money, but there were no menus or pricelists to be found in the seat pockets. Touchscreen functions were barely working on my entertainment screen, the remote control didn't work altogether. WIFI didn't work at all." Cons: "There is no wi-fi There is no possibility to charge your mobile" Pros: "I liked everything. Pleasant flight." Cons: "Not that I didn't like, only some comments: Flight was 40 min late at arrival due to delayed start from JFK, the plane had to wait on runway before take-off. Not a problem for me as HEL was my final destination." Pros: "Flight was on time Baggage arrived on time Light breakfast was good [ I chose not to have dinner ] Slept through 95% of the red-eye flight so it was a good experience" Cons: "Seating is cramped in economy" Pros: "That I made it safely to my destination. Updates from the cockpit were appreciated. Plane was nearly empty, so I was able to stretch out over severa seats." Cons: "I haven't heard good things about American Airlines, and now I know why. Probably the oldest plane in the fleet. Entertainment was 2-3 fold down screens from the ceiling. I can't remember the last time I flew on a transatlantic fight with no entertainment- nearly 20 years ago I'm sure. Airplane food is never great, but food options were worse than normal. American Airlines customer service at JFK was horrendous, resulting in several passengers missing their flight. (I was there if 4 hours to spare, but had to wait 1hr+ to have my birthdate changed in the system.)" Pros: "The Iberia plane had a new interior, and possibly was a new plane. The new thinner padding on plane seats was not a problem at all. The crew was friendly and let me switch to a different seat that had an empty one beside it so I could stretch out more. A great flight." Cons: "I liked everything. They exceeded my expectations." Not worth paying for business class on this airline. The seating is exactly the same as the rest of the plane. Crowded. Horrible food. Pros: "Yea" Cons: "Its simple. Turns out i had to pay 360 dollars for my baggages which was hever specified in the time i was purchasing tickets cause they said im flying without and i can come back with. Who is flying without baggage intercontinental for 1 month? And 3 baggages didnt arrived. Thanks" Pros: "Good boarding process and crew today." Cons: "Plane was delayed and connection in Copenhagen was missed, resulting in a five-hour delay overall." Cons: "Third delayed flight in a row within the week. Seems to be considered acceptable business practice." Pros: "It was the first time I needed to use "Passenger Assistance" and it made my experience excellent. Everyone was so kind and helpful. Thank you." Cons: "I intensely disliked the 3 hour delay in Copenhagen!!! And that SAS offered the passengers in transit a meal voucher of only 50 danish Kronas, which was just enough to buy a tall Starbucks coffee drink but not enough to eat anything at the airport!" Pros: "Great flight on SAS" Cons: "Very good food and outstanding choice of movies as entertainment." Pros: "Everything about the flight was wonderful except baggage claim, in BOTH directions." Cons: "It could have been the perfect trip, but I am not sure why SAS baggage handling is so mediocre. In both the flights from EWR to OSLO and back, every aspect of the trip was super, except for the wait for baggage. In Oslo, I estimate having waited at least a half an hour at the carousel before the bags started showing up, and the same in Newark. We had long cleared Immigration, which normally is not a speedy process, and yet still had to wait at least 20 minutes for the FIRST bag to appear on the carousel. Most annoying, particularly after a relatively long flight, and especially for transfer passengers who needed to recheck their bags to continue to other destinations." Pros: "We were in an empty Plus cabin at front. Coming from Miami, the hot towel service would have been nice. I blinked and missed the service. They will quickly skip you if they can. Food weird. Salmon in a box with no bread or rice or anything and a strange savory muffin. Ate neither. No entertainment." Cons: "See above. Sorry. Nothing was good. Came in 10 mins early!" Pros: "On time, clean aircraft not too full!" Cons: "Boarding was a little rough as the announcements in groups to board was not clear and lots of people got in line that should not have. - causing delays and frustrations. Handled poorly by gate team" SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Lufthansa7.8 Finnair7.7 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Book cheap flights from New York to Barcelona Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to Barcelona found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/24Wed 1 stop 23h 45mJFK-BCN $160 Search 1/17Wed 1 stop 12h 05mJFK-BCN $167 Search 1/29Mon 1 stop 12h 00mJFK-BCN $170 Search 2/22Thu 1 stop 12h 05mJFK-BCN $174 Search 1/11Thu 1 stopAzores Airlines 10h 05mJFK-BCN $192 Search 2/27Tue 1 stopAzores Airlines 10h 05mJFK-BCN $199 Search 1/28Sun nonstopVueling 7h 25mJFK-BCN $271 Search 1/21Sun nonstopVueling 7h 25mJFK-BCN $272 Search 4/11Thu 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 10h 05mJFK-BCN $361 Search 12/13Wed nonstopIberia 7h 25mJFK-BCN $398 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAzores AirlinesVuelingTAP AIR PORTUGALIberia Search by price$170 or less$170 or less$200 or less$270 or less$400 or less Last minute flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Barcelona-El Prat Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to Barcelona that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun nonstopVueling 7h 25mJFK-BCN 12/9Sat nonstopVueling 9h 15mBCN-JFK $397 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 16h 20mJFK-BCN 12/11Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 28h 55mBCN-JFK $451 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 13h 15mJFK-BCN 12/12Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 15h 15mBCN-JFK $465 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 7h 40mJFK-BCN 12/7Thu nonstopDelta 9h 20mBCN-JFK $494 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 10mJFK-BCN 12/9Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 9h 15mBCN-JFK $498 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopBritish Airways 10h 00mJFK-BCN 12/10Sun nonstopBritish Airways 8h 55mBCN-JFK $502 Search 12/1Fri nonstopBritish Airways 7h 35mJFK-BCN 12/6Wed multi-stopBritish Airways 11h 45mBCN-JFK $530 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopIberia 10h 10mJFK-BCN 12/22Fri multi-stopIberia 11h 50mBCN-JFK $561 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 7h 40mJFK-BCN 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 9h 20mBCN-JFK $594 Search 12/1Fri nonstopIberia 7h 35mJFK-BCN 1/6Sat nonstopIberia 9h 15mBCN-JFK $995 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineVuelingTAP AIR PORTUGALDeltaAmerican AirlinesBritish AirwaysIberia Search by price$450 or less$490 or less$500 or less$560 or less$1,000 or less New York John F Kennedy Airport - Barcelona Flights Departure: New York John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)United States Destination: Barcelona-El Prat (BCN)Spain Return flight deals: Barcelona-El Prat - New York John F Kennedy Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Barcelona $2,753 Business Class flights to Barcelona $951 Prem Econ Class flights to Barcelona $430 Economy Class flights to Barcelona Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York John F Kennedy Airport $342Flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Spain » Barcelona-El Prat $342Flights to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, Barcelona Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Barcelona-El Prat flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Barcelona-El Prat from New York John F Kennedy Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Barcelona-El Prat from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.