Cheap Flights from Cleveland to Florida from $34 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Cleveland to Florida from $34 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/3. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Florida ...and more Latest Florida Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULAROrlando From Cleveland Nonstop from $38 Search Flights Miami From Cleveland Nonstop from $38 Search Flights Fort Lauderdale From Cleveland Nonstop from $38 Search Flights Tampa From Cleveland Nonstop from $58 Search Flights Fort Myers From Cleveland Nonstop from $58 Search Flights Jacksonville From Cleveland 1 stop from $233 Search Flights Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $34 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 24% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 28% increase in price. Flight from Cleveland to Tampa FAQs - booking Florida flights Which airport serves the majority of Florida's Orlando region? If you’d like to visit Orlando destinations near served by small airports, it’s in your best interest to settle on Orlando International Airport (MCO) as your base of travel. Located 10 km southeast of downtown Orlando, this airport serves as a hub for Silver Airways and a focus city for Spirit, Frontier, Avelo, JetBlue, and Southwest Airlines. Settling on this airport as your base travel would be wise, given that it serves a majority of the small airports in the area. Can I rent a car once I land at Miami International Airport (MIA)? In case you want to rent a car once you land at MIA, you’ll be happy to hear that this airport is home to a rental car center that houses counters for rental agencies like Ace, Alamo, Advantage, Budget, Enterprise, Dollar, National, Payless, SIXT, and Thrifty. The said rental center is located on the 3rd level between the Dolphin and Flamingo garages. To access it, you will use the airport’s MIA Mover. Does Cleveland International Airport provide direct flights to Southwest Florida International Airport? Yes, there are numerous direct flights between Southwest Florida International Airport and Cleveland Hopkins International Airport. Frontier Airlines, Spirit Airlines, Copa Airlines, Southwest Airlines, Avianca, and United Airlines are some of the airlines that provide direct flights on this route. Does CLE feature a pet-relief area? If you intend to travel to Florida from CLE with your pet, you’ll be glad to note that while waiting for your flight, you can let your pet relieve itself and stretch its legs. This is because CLE has invested in a spacious, clean, and well-maintained pet-relief area at the north end of the baggage claim a short distance from Carousel 1. Access to this pet relief area is through the door to the left of the airport’s USO Lounge. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Cleveland to Florida? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Cleveland to Florida. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Cleveland to Florida? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Florida from Cleveland is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Cleveland to Florida? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Florida with an airline and back to Cleveland with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Cleveland to Florida? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Florida from Cleveland up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Florida Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Cleveland to the following destinations at these prices or less: Fort Lauderdale $40 one-way - $82 round-trip; Orlando $36 one-way - $68 round-trip; Tampa $30 one-way - $65 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be March and April. The cheapest month to fly from Cleveland is September. Morning departure is around 2% cheaper than an evening flight, on average*. If you need some assistance while at Cleveland International Airport (CLE), you may ask for help from the information desk at the Main Terminal, which is next to Security Checkpoint B. The support desks are open every day from 6:00 am to 8:00 pm. Cleveland Hopkins International Airport provides mothers traveling with infants with two separate locations for private breastfeeding each equipped with a changing table, comfortable seating, and a sink. You can find these accommodations near B1 on the Airside of Concourse B. There are a number of airports in Florida that you can choose from to land. These airports include Miami International Airport (MIA), Sarasota-Bradenton International Airport (SRQ), Melbourne Orlando International Airport (MLB), Orlando International Airport (MCO), St. Petersburg-Clearwater International Airport (PIE), Tampa International Airport (TPA), Southwest Florida International Airport (RSW), and Northeast Florida Regional Airport (UST). The Florida Airport you land at should be influenced by the Florida destination you’re headed to. To travel to CLE from Cleveland's city center, you can either take a taxi or a train. A train is an appropriate option if you want to save money or are on a tight budget, while a cab is the best option when timing is an issue. You can relax in one of the lounges at CLE while waiting for your trip. They include the USO lounge near the baggage claim area, the United Club on Concourse C, and The Club CLE, situated at the main terminal's concourse gate. You can either pay at the door or have a club membership to enter The Club at CLE. On the other hand, to enter the USO Lounge, you must be an active US military member or an immediate family member of one. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Cleveland to FloridaNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Cleveland to Florida? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29956 reviews 75food 78entertainment 81overall 85crew 78comfort 81boarding Airline reviews Pros: "It was nice that the plane was not packed full." Cons: "Box water instead of water bottles. The seat wasn’t very comfortable since it wouldn’t recline."Read more about Delta Pros: "It was nice that the plane was not packed full." Cons: "Box water instead of water bottles. The seat wasn’t very comfortable since it wouldn’t recline." Cons: "Assigning seats at check in? Why was that a thing? Also why did we have to wait for almost an hour once we landed to be given a gate for us to unload? So stupid the whole thing." Cons: "The Delta flight leaving Cleveland was a hour and a half late so we could not make our connection to get home and had to overnight in Minneapolis. This is the fourth time in six flights For Delta. I think the Kayak booking algorithm needs to allow more time between connecting flights." Pros: "Quick boarding and great with accommodating my request for a window seat." Cons: "Offer in flight entertainment." Pros: "The crew was amazing this round I got good seats" Cons: "Forgot my earphones so I had to read a book. I never asked nor did I see earphones" Pros: "Crew was great." Cons: "When all overhead bins were full, they should have allowed those who didn’t need to check their carry on to board the plane before those who needed to check their carry on. Very unorganized at gate." Pros: "Crew was friendly and appreciative of our business." Cons: "Gate agents should announce the new boarding categories. I'm a seasoned traveler, yet I did not know the categories. It was more intuitive to use Zones numbers, instead of what you have now." Pros: "Crew was good. It was great to be able to watch a movie, TV, or play a game to pass the time." Cons: "More let room when someone puts back their seat." Pros: "We eventually got there" Cons: "In Cleveland, the doors remained opened for about 30 minutes after they were supposed to close, and 6-7 people boarded. We then arrived in ATL quite a bit after we were scheduled to land." Pros: "First time flying into Daytona and it was super easy." Cons: "Nothing" We paid for 1st class seats and they did not even recline enough to making sleeping possible on this red-eye flight. No coffee before landing either. Will not be flying American again. My luggage was lost during this connecting flight for nearly my ENTIRE 2 week stay in europe, this issue no doubt instigated by my original flight being delayed 6hrs I did not pack my "personal item" with anything of consequence, I had to buy CLOTHES & TOILETRIES TO LAST ME 2 WEEKS Cons: "My eyes were watering and my nose was itchy for the entire flight and I had to hold back sneezes and I think there was something in the air on the plane that was causing this to happen. I was double-masking and I do not have allergies. I wonder if it had to do with the chemicals used to disinfect the plane between flights? I was not very comfortable, to say the least. Everything else was great, though, but I don’t think I will be flying again anytime soon." Pros: "Not a thing. Hands down worst airline I’ve ever flown with by a large margin. Would not recommend." Cons: "Literally any and everything." Pros: "A crew member saw me struggling to walk and offered a wheelchair, explained to me that I would be met with one throughout my trip. Her name was Donna!! Problem occurred when we got to Dallas." Cons: "Instead of circling in the sky, they could have had the pilot take the alternate route he eventually took anyway, in the first place. My family and I still don’t know if we’re going to get a flight to El Paso/ stand by. So much 4 seeing my armyson before he deploys, recipient time waisted over bad decisions on to of everything else, entitled woman on the plane insults me on the lane for no reason. The crew was amazing though." Cons: "Seat wasn’t comfortable and the on flight entertainment didn’t work. AA in flight WiFi kept giving error messages" Pros: "The friendly informative team when we learned our plane broke. I switched to Charlotte connection earlier as a Miami one made no sense as Miami is south of Atlanta final destination. We had a different outcome than expected yet staff cared for us." Cons: "Plane better maintained as before take off a hydraulic part broke and we were grounded . We arrived home hours later than planned because of this." Cons: "When my husband retrieved his piece of luggage, it smelled terribly lie dog poop. We had to drive home with the windows all the way down because the stench was so bad and throw away the suitcase I had just bought because of the terrible smell. Just awful to come home to that!" Pros: "Very professional and timely. My last six flights with American have been without a hitch and right on time. If I were a business traveler, which I am not, American Airlines would be my go to carrier. Quite satisfied with this airline and have been for a long time. Thanks!" Pros: "The crew" Cons: "I just don’t understand how a flight can be delayed three hours from weather the day before. And, of course, we arrived and there was no gate for us. They had three hours to have a gate ready for us. AA fail!" Cons: "Still haven’t left after two maintenance issues on two different planes, one of which aborted takeoff." Cons: "I was disappointed to use 40,000 points for each of three one-way award tickets, for a total of 120,000 points, only to have two of the chosen seats changed without any notification before hand. One aisle seat was switched to a window seat." Pros: "Got on the plane easily and quickly. Great movie selection" Cons: "Very cramped seating" Cons: "We were delayed out of Chicago. I missed my connection and had to take an extra flight to reach my destination" Pros: "Service is great" Cons: "But the plant look old and the seat are small" Pros: "Customer service started from the gate agent. Both ladies were very helpful and extremely patient. They had a good community of work. Morning was efficient. The flight crew was very helpful. The gentleman and the young women were always smiling and checking in on customer service started from the gate agents. Both ladies were very helpful and extremely patient. They had a good community of work. Morning was efficient. The flight crew was very helpful. The gentleman and young woman were always smiling and checking in on us the passengers." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Power ports at the seats basically worked, thank goodness. If you pay for Economy Plus, there's a basic, humane amount of leg room." Cons: "The bathrooms have been narrowed so that an average male can't turn around without contortions. The conditions, overall, are subhuman." Pros: "That seats next to me were empty so I was able to sleep comfortably." Cons: "That my ears don't work well, so it's hard to hear the movies." Pros: "I loved how comfortable the plane was. The snacks were tasty! My husband and I actually looked in the grocery store for them when we returned home :)" Cons: "2-3 hour delays. No other flights out as alternatives. Freezing on flight. Felt stranded at the airport. No food for a 6 hour flight!" Cons: "Seemed short staffed. I was assisting my aunt who is wheel chair bound and they didn't seem to have enough staff." Pros: "The crew was alert and attentive. The flight itself was very smooth." Cons: "Onboard WiFi is always a plus..." Cons: "Getting off the plane ( We were stuck on the plane for at least 1 hour and twenty min. )" Cons: "No tv no free food or drink and very tight space and for extra room is paying for actual extra legs" Cons: "Flight staff was very rude, unaccomodatting and didnt make you feel welcome or comfortable" Pros: "Price Comfort You can pack a backpack for a short trip and not pay baggage fees. Haven't had a delay in a long while. No cancelled flights since flying with them Boarding is typically fast and we typically arrive 15-30min early" Cons: "Crew is hit or miss Price of onboard snacks is ridiculous" Pros: "I liked the entire staff." Cons: "I did not like the uncomfortable seats and lack of complimentary snacks or sodas." Cons: "The crew gave people who were trying to sit together as a family a hard time. They had to wait over an hour into the flight to move one row. We left a little late." Cons: "I didn't like having priceline involved in my purchase. I did not care to use priceline, as I didn't get to pick my seat at purchase, or pay for my checked bag. The price went up when I went back to pick my seat and pay for baggage. Therefore I will not be using kayak again." Cons: "I have not been on such a miserable flight in years." Pros: "Nearly nothing,except that being on the plane would eventually get me to me destinnation." Cons: "EVERYTHING! I received two email alerting that the flight departure was delayed. The first indicated a departure time of 7:45am arriving at 9:33am. The second departured at 7:18am and arrived at 9:05. After boarding, the crew announced takeoff was mechanical - not true since the flight late." Pros: "Crew was great. Pleasant, professional service." Cons: "Plane was cold. It would have helped to have blankets available." Cons: "Considering I upgraded last minute I decided to go for a bigger seat the only seat available was 1C which I gladly paid for I was trying to sleep since I had an abscess tooth and found your staff to be very annoying and unprofessional they were talking loudly the whole time laughing dancing eating constantly in being rude to people that needed to use the Restroom" Pros: "It was a no frills flight, but it was a good no frills flight" Cons: "Sat at gate for 2 hours waiting for maintenance on plan with few updates." Cons: "The flight was delayed two hours and I never received an email letting me know before hand. This created a very stressful trip." Cons: "Every portion of our trip was changed. The original booking times were changed, the flight to our destination was delayed. The return flight was delayed and overbooked. For us to even consider using a service again they'd have to get at least 50% of the trip right. Spirit got 0%." Pros: "Arrived and took off on time; efficient crew" Cons: "Seating is way too cramped; someone who is 5 ft tall and 100 pounds should not feel cramped in their seat!" Cons: "Flights were delayed and over booked, I didn't have a seat and couldn't make my final destination. Had to pay 400 to book another flight with another airline." Pros: "great flight and landing at LAX!!" Cons: "did not give out free snacks and charged $3.00 for a cup of water!! OUCH!!" Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Cleveland to Florida Recent one-way flight deals 1/3Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 39mCLE-TPA $34 Search 1/18Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 50mCLE-MCO $34 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 04mCLE-MIA $39 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 55mCLE-FLL $39 Search 1/26Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 58mCLE-TPA $81 Search 2/2Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 43mCLE-FLL $85 Search 1/18Thu 1 stopDelta 6h 56mCLE-MCO $99 Search 12/23Sat 1 stopDelta 7h 09mCLE-TPA $109 Search 3/9Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 07mCLE-MIA $199 Search 3/11Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 7h 16mCLE-MIA $215 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$40 or less$90 or less$110 or less$220 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 12/10Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 04mCLE-MIA 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 00mMIA-CLE $40 Search 12/13Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 54mCLE-FLL 12/16Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 56mFLL-CLE $40 Search 1/7Sun nonstopFrontier 3h 05mCLE-MIA 1/11Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 59mMIA-CLE $52 Search 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 07mCLE-FLL 12/27Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 56mFLL-CLE $55 Search 2/17Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 42mCLE-TPA 3/2Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 49mTPA-CLE $162 Search 2/2Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 43mCLE-FLL 2/11Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 49mFLL-CLE $170 Search 1/4Thu 1 stopDelta 6h 29mCLE-RSW 1/9Tue 1 stopDelta 6h 49mRSW-CLE $197 Search 1/5Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 53mCLE-RSW 1/10Wed 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 51mRSW-CLE $201 Search 12/20Wed 1 stopDelta 5h 21mCLE-RSW 12/26Tue 1 stopDelta 4h 39mRSW-CLE $212 Search 1/2Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 09mCLE-SRQ 1/4Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 29mSRQ-CLE $303 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$60 or less$170 or less$200 or less$300 or less Last minute flights from Cleveland to Florida Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 36mCLE-MCO 12/15Fri nonstopFrontier 2h 38mMCO-CLE $58 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 46mCLE-MCO 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 09mMCO-CLE $60 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 55mCLE-FLL 12/19Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 53mFLL-CLE $65 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 45mCLE-MCO 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 37mMCO-CLE $76 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 30mCLE-RSW 12/17Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 12mRSW-CLE $291 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 02mCLE-RSW 12/12Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 41mRSW-CLE $315 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 5h 21mCLE-RSW 12/6Wed multi-stopDelta 4h 49mRSW-CLE $319 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 6h 19mCLE-FLL 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 5h 25mFLL-CLE $348 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 43mCLE-RSW 12/7Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 09mRSW-CLE $428 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 15mCLE-RSW 12/10Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 43mRSW-CLE $433 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$60 or less$80 or less$320 or less$350 or less$430 or less Cleveland - Florida Flights Departure: Cleveland (CLE)United States Return flight deals: Florida - Cleveland Cabin classes: $568 First Class flights to Florida $812 Business Class flights to Florida $408 Prem Econ Class flights to Florida $40 Economy Class flights to Florida Browse origins: Flights » United States » Ohio » Cleveland $38Flights from Cleveland to Florida Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida $62Flights to Bradenton, Florida $98Flights to Cape Coral, Florida $62Flights to Clearwater Beach, Florida $62Flights to Clearwater, Florida $257Flights to Daytona Beach, Florida $773Flights to Destin, Florida $38Flights to Florida Keys, Florida $38Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Florida $98Flights to Fort Myers Beach, Florida $98Flights to Fort Myers, Florida $227Flights to Gainesville, Florida $215Flights to Jacksonville, Florida $217Flights to Key West, Florida $277Flights to Melbourne, Florida, Florida $38Flights to Miami, Florida $38Flights to Orlando, Florida $285Flights to Panama City, Florida, Florida $107Flights to Pensacola, Florida $541Flights to Punta Gorda, Florida $58Flights to Sarasota, Florida $274Flights to Tallahassee, Florida $62Flights to Tampa, Florida $291Flights to Tampa, Florida $283Flights to Valparaiso, Florida, Florida $187Flights to West Palm Beach, Florida View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Florida flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Florida from Cleveland. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Florida from Cleveland. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.