Cheap Flights from Minneapolis to Florida from $34 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Minneapolis to Florida from $34 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/17. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sa 12/30 Sa 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Florida ...and more Latest Florida Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULAROrlando From Minneapolis Nonstop from $58 Search Flights Miami From Minneapolis Nonstop from $99 Search Flights Fort Lauderdale From Minneapolis 1 stop from $103 Search Flights Tampa From Minneapolis 1 stop from $114 Search Flights Fort Myers From Minneapolis Nonstop from $58 Search Flights Jacksonville From Minneapolis 1 stop from $158 Search Flights Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $34 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 16% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 33% increase in price. Flight from Minneapolis to Fort Myers FAQs - booking Florida flights Where can I park in Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport (MSP)? General Parking, Value Parking, and The Quick Ride Ramp are the three alternatives for long-term parking at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. Additionally, you may park in the city center of Minneapolis near the railway for only $10 per day and take the train directly to the airport. Parking spaces for an hour or a day are available at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport is near the terminals. Some of the closest parking garages for temporary parking are the Red, Gold, and Purple Parking Ramps. At T1-Lindbergh, there are two parking ramps: the Red and the Gold. The T2-Humphrey building has a purple parking ramp. What accessibility services are available in Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport (ECP)? The airport is fully accessible to those with wheelchairs. Furthermore, there are elevators and ramps. Ample room is available at ticket booths, baggage claim, and security gates for people with special needs. Doorways are automatic or equipped with handles to make access and leaving easier. ADA-compliant water fountains and toilets are available. ECP provides both audio and visual paging. Every half an hour, the time is announced—both the short- and long-term parking lots on-site offer designated disability permit parking. What pet services are offered at Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport (MSP)? At Now Boarding, your dog or cat may have its holiday. Among the services provided are overnight accommodation, grooming, and caregiving. It is located along the airport, near Highway 62 and 28th Avenue. Eight pet relief zones are available at the Minneapolis-St. Paul Airport. Interior and exterior choices are available within every terminal. Pre- and post-security stations are available at Terminals 1 and 2. These locations provide simple access for all animals, regardless of whether they have just boarded a flight or are entering the airport. What kind of family amenities can I find at the Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport (MSP)? MSP has two playgrounds for kids, making traveling with kids a little simpler. The play spaces are inside T2's security and Concourse C at T1. Lactation centers and Nursing Mothers' Rooms are in both T1 and T2. The centers are safe, hygienic spaces with a deep sink for cleaning supplies, convenient power outlets, soft lighting, decorative items, and cozy seats. The Nursing Moms Space has a rocking chair, changing table, mirror, and sink. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Minneapolis to Florida? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Minneapolis to Florida. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Minneapolis to Florida? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Florida from Minneapolis is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Minneapolis to Florida? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Florida with an airline and back to Minneapolis with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Minneapolis to Florida? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Florida from Minneapolis up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Florida Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Minneapolis to the following destinations at these prices or less: Orlando $82 one-way - $135 round-trip; Miami $179 one-way - $328 round-trip; Fort Myers $79 one-way - $108 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be March and April. The cheapest month to fly from Minneapolis is September. Morning departure is around 1% cheaper than an evening flight, on average*. If you want direct flights from Minneapolis to Florida, consider flying to Southwest Florida International Airport (RSW). Sun Country Air and Delta Airlines offer nonstop flights on that route. Otherwise, you can use a linear air taxi airline to land at Northeast Florida Regional Airport (UST). Are you looking for layover flights from Minneapolis to Florida? Delta is the only airline offering a single stop in Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL). The route is from Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport (MSP) to Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport (ECP). Economy class passengers at Minneapolis International Airport (MSP) can visit the airport lounges by paying at the door or purchasing a day pass. Delta Sky Club, United Club, PGA MSP Lounge, and Escape Lounge are all in Terminal 1. MSP served as a critical hub for Northwest Airlines and its successor, Delta Air Lines, and continues to do so. Sun Country Airlines, located in Minnesota, uses it as its primary airport. Are you looking for car rental services in RSW? The rental car service center at the airport is situated on the ground floor of the parking structure, immediately outside the terminal. Alamo, Avis, Budget, Dollar, and Enterprise are the rental car businesses located inside the RSW Airport parking garage. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Minneapolis to FloridaNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Minneapolis to Florida? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29961 reviews 85crew 78entertainment 81boarding 78comfort 75food 81overall Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was nice and friendly" Cons: "The economy seats in an A321 are uncomfortable and there is very limited legroom."Read more about Delta Pros: "Crew was nice and friendly" Cons: "The economy seats in an A321 are uncomfortable and there is very limited legroom." Pros: "The crew on both legs of our trip were nice and accommodating." Cons: "Flight attendant in First class was visibly frustrated and unfriendly. He was not helping with my simple request for a blanket. Also, the were no food service in first class." Pros: "This is a delayed flight after having my flight to the previous night delayed to the extent that I could not take it and make my connecting flight out of Minneapolis." Cons: "This is a delayed flight after having my flight to the previous night delayed to the extent that I could not take it and make my connecting flight out of Minneapolis." Pros: "On this short flight, the flight attendant was wonderful, accommodating special requests and being fully engaged with passengers. On time departure, early arrival, overall a nice quick flight to Duluth." Cons: "CRJ200 planes are always a bit cramped, and having to gate check anything bigger than a small purse is an inconvenience. Hopefully the fleet will change over to the Embrair planes soon. Beware 'Basic' flyers (cheap tickets): you are not eligible to take an earlier flight even if available." Pros: "crew was amazing" Cons: "there was water leaking from window during landing and the food was not hot and was just bland and uncooked" Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Pros: "Food was excellent. I had the pasta. Loved watching movies." Cons: "I’m would be much better if I can sit by my husband." Pros: "The crew was very friendly. Boarding was quick." Cons: "Seat size in Comfort+ was still cramped. The person sitting next to me(in the middle was a fairly large (height not weight) and his arms and shoulders were pretty much flowing into my seat( I sat by the window). Leg room of course was fine. Very cold draft coming from the airplane(window?)" Pros: "Flight attendant Susan was wonderful. Very friendly, professional, and helpful." Pros: "Boarding was a breeze. The staff was friendly and fast. The seats were comfortable (although, I am 5’2”)." Cons: "I can’t complain this time around!" Cons: "SC recently changed their baggage policy and the line at 6:00a to check a bag was from one end of the terminal to the other. I’m sure they’ll get it figured out at some point but they had to pull people on flights leaving within the next hour from the lines in order to get flights out on time. Terrible experience, no apology, no explanation." Pros: "Fast and friendly" Cons: "Bathroom in the back was leaking water on the floor, and there were a lot of young kids on board... minor stuff" Cons: "The seats are too close together. When I tried to eat my salad my head bumped into the seat in front of me." Cons: "Flight Attendant skipped our row when offering drinks. No wifi, no entertainment, no snacks. Paid $25 to check one small bag." Pros: "Nice Staff" Cons: "They charge for everything the planes are a bit outdated, boarding is backwards they load middle bank then front very weird." Pros: "There wasn't entertainment in my flight, and I didn't buy any of the food,so I really can't rate that. However, the flight itself was fine, nothing great, nothing bad." Cons: "volume on recorded announcement was too high but overall, an excellent experience!" Cons: "Plane was an hour late in leaving. Seats crowded and only middle seat available, We spent $15. for preferred seating for my husband and then none of us got to sit together. Nothing for snack and offered drinks once." Pros: "The crew was clearly concerned with the covid rules, but just as concerned for passenger's needs. Outstanding performance in difficult circumstances." Cons: "Drinks!" Cons: "Wasn’t able to log onto the WiFi even though my seat mate could following the instructions. Extremely large man next to me took up half a third of my seat. Wasn’t able to sit back in seat or use either arm rest due to being the middle seat between 2 large men." Pros: "leg room was decent I always love the in flight interactive map with routes and nearest cities." Cons: "Headphone jack for media watching did not function properly." Cons: "The security check line was about a mile long at the Terminal 1, but that's not the airline's fault." Pros: "Generally, the stewardess are new (slow service), but very kind and considerate." Cons: "I take this flight quite a lot. These comments are for this flight (MIA/MSP) - but not necessarily only for this exact flight that I took on 10/1. To be clear - the crew says "this is not AA", it is Republic Airlines". Well, they must think of themselves very poorly. Their food in first class is always changing - oh, I meant only the names for the same exact meal change. "Grilled Chicken with Couscous", "Grilled Chicken with Risotto", etc.. - all cold meals as they do not have an oven/microwave? on the plane. They are charging first class international prices for economy domestic service. For this amount of money, they should have better meals and a more modern airplane. The first class is always freezing (even in summer) while the rear cabin where the crew stays when not working, is hot. So if they make the first class happy with the correct temperature, they cook in the back. I have also observed more people than usual coughing and getting colds - both ways - than any of the other flights I take regularly (over 115,000 miles on AA this year). I would suggest that AA make it clear that Republic must offer better service to their customers - especially for the large airfares they are receiving." Pros: "They seem to have more time for the passengers then other airlines do" Cons: "Flight was delayed 4+ hours due to weather. Gate agents did not communicate well, were rude and not helpful." Pros: "Let's see - I was in first class. The flight itself was fine - and only one hour + late!" Cons: "Food - Served the "breakfast" (when it was called a protein plate) I had coming (into MSP). for "lunch" on the way back (called it a meat plate for lunch. One slice turkey, one slice jamon, one egg, cinnamon roll and fruit. Just because they don't want to serve bread - they call it a protein plate? I'm not on a protein diet. Food was pretty sick for the amount I paid for the fight. Stewardess said it was against Republic's rules to give a customer a can of tonic water (so I could add to the small amount of vodka) - she also told me that it was against Delta's, American's and United's rules to give a can - strange? First Class seat did not recline. First Class was freezing per every flight on this segment (the stewardesses sit in the back and don't want to be uncomfortable - if they make the front warm - the back is too hot for them (not joking on this one). So many things to list - that I will finish on the AA site." Pros: "Good and entertainment" Cons: "I have short legs so the long flight was uncomfortable. A stop of some sort would helpnif offered" Pros: "Called 1-800 hotline and got a new flight" Cons: "Was at gate onntime for flight. At boarding time passengers were informed if there was an issue with the plane and maintenance is on their way to check out the problem. 30 minutes later we were still till that maintenance is on their way. One hour later there is still no information as far as when the fight will leave but they kept updating the boarding time. There was only one person of the counter who could help re-assign passengers to different flights due to their layovers. After waiting in line for 40 minutes and the line making no movement I called the airline 1-800 hundred number and explain my situation to the American Airlines Airlines representative. they really give me a new flight that left 20 minutes later after my call if I did not call I would not mean it that flight nor any other fights that morning because they're all in the afternoon." Cons: "When I sat down I found a opened package of cookies which is provided on plan. Tray table had a lot of cookie crumbles too." Pros: "I cant say nothing but can say everything was good" Cons: "I cant say nothing but can say everything was good" Pros: "The price of a ticket is slightly lower. It is not enough of a difference to make the plethora of inconveniences worth it. You are not a valued customer with this fare. If United values customers, they shouldn't offer this fare. That's why I don't fly the bargain airlines." Cons: "You can't check in at the kiosk on basic economy without an employee badge swipe, and there were no employees available. I had to stop checking in, wait in line, and then the employee that I talked to didn't have the right kind of badge to swipe. So I waited again. Extremely inconvenient. Even after being forced to talk to a ticket agent at check in, they still won't issue a seat. So you have to go to the gate and wait in line again to get a seat. The system is built for maximum inefficiency. It doesn't cost less for them to make me talk to two separate people, it is only to inconvenience the flyer for buying a cheaper ticket. It seems like a punitive system. Boarding was organized and painless. The crew seemed polite. Regarding comfort, the "leg room" on the airbus is ridiculous. I am average height and felt claustrophobic. I can't imagine how a tall person feels. There was no " entertainment" on my flight, so one star for that. I didn't not receive any food and was not offered water, 1 star." Pros: "One of the best flights I have ever been on! Everything was right on time." Cons: "Unable to pre-check online. Unable to check at the check in machines--had to go up and check in at the counter, long wait because there was only one clerk. We were then given a ticket just to get through security and had to check in a second time when we get to the gate for seat assignment, which is ridiculous. Why couldn't that be done at the 1st check-in? The clerk told me she will call me when she has the seat assignment/ boarding ticket but she never did and I had to go back up to ask for them when it was getting close to boarding time. At the last moment minutes, volunteers could check in their carry on for free....It would have been nice (and less hassle) to have that option at the 1st check-in." Pros: "The other legs of the trip were on time" Cons: "The second leg of the trip was two hours late which always happens at Chicago Ohare" Pros: "Absolutely nothing" Cons: "Airplane was damaged and united wouldn't rebook us until the flight was officially cancelled hours later. Then United provided only one service person to address all of the passengers needs so we had to stand in line for a couple hours longer. Then they had no hotel rooms to put anybody up for the night that couldn't get a flight until the next day. Then they gave us a measly $10 food voucher. Then our luggage was mishandled has still has not shown up to my house. Then because of the change in flights I had to rearrange transportation home at 1130 pm that cost me an extra $125. A very miserable day because of United's lack of being proactive and poor decision making given the situation and circumstances." Cons: "One strange thing happened on my United airlines flight. The crew announced before we boarded that there wasn't enough overhead space for rolling bags and encouraged us to check them in. Upon boarding they announced that all overhead space in the back was full. I sat in the back and noticed that the crew closed the overhead compartments even though they were mostly empty. Another passenger opened an empty one and the crew came over and closed it right away, though many people were still boarding. What's going on?" Cons: "Flight was over 2 hrs delayed so I couldn't even take the flight. Waste of my money. Paid 330 dollars and got nothing. Now United nor you guys are helping. Never again will I use this site" Cons: "The man in charge of seat assignments and boarding refused to talk to any of us who hadn't been assigned seats until everyone else had fully boarded the plane. He just told us "wait 20 minutes. No wait 30 minutes. Wait." While he did end up giving us seats, he was extremely unhelpful through the process as he wouldn't give us any information and had us wait in line from well before the boarding process until the end. Then on the plane, the air was so cold as to be truly uncomfortable. The flight attendant did try to warm it up though after multiple people requested, so she was quite nice." Pros: "The way the pilot announced what areas we were flying over." Cons: "It is not that I didn't like their food, it is just that I didn't have any and there is no NA button. You pay for all food and I didn't have any." Pros: "Very little. The trip to New Orleans worked ok." Cons: "They stranded us in Detroit Sunday (11/5/17) when we were connecting to Minneapolis. The crew was intentionally misleading because they knew it was all messed up. They refused to help pay for rental cars or hotels. They told us their soonest flight out was Tuesday - but really Monday had several overbooked flights - they made no attempt to remedy the situation or help us find sooner flights. The ticket counter told us to take up our issues with corporate, then we called corporate and they told us to we could only deal with the ticket counter person. Just the worst customer service. It was infuriating. I will never buy Spirit again. I hope their looser business fails." Pros: "Good value" Cons: "Flight attendants need to make it clear that all refreshments are for sale, not free Flight was 30 minutes late" Pros: "Lead flight attendant was great, friendly, funny" Cons: "Other flight attendant got angry with people being in the wrong seats. Passengers were childish." Pros: "The boarding was smooth and the flight went very well overall" Pros: "Nothing --I never flew MSP Chicago" Cons: "My flight to MSP was delayed 3 hours then rerouted to O'Hare for weather and fuel reasons overnight. When the airline rebooked me they deleted my original reservation and when I showed up today in a hurry they had no reservation for me. They rebooked me on a flight tomorrow but now I am taking another flight home." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "At least they didn't try to sell us again on the credit card." Pros: "None" Cons: "Flight was canceled they lied and moved flight to next day...... no comps nothing" Pros: "The flight was delayed two hours. When we landed at our destination, we had to wait for over an hour to dock." Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Minneapolis to Florida Recent one-way flight deals 12/17So nonstopFrontier 3h 47mMSP-RSW $34 Search 1/29Mo nonstopFrontier 3h 34mMSP-MCO $36 Search 2/11So nonstopSun Country Air 3h 39mMSP-PBI $49 Search 12/14Do nonstopSun Country Air 3h 22mMSP-RSW $50 Search 1/13Sa nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 39mMSP-MIA $89 Search 1/14So nonstopDelta 3h 40mMSP-FLL $89 Search 1/30Di 1 stopAmerican Airlines 8h 30mMSP-RSW $97 Search 1/10Mi nonstopDelta 3h 35mMSP-FLL $99 Search 12/15Fr 1 stopUnited Airlines 7h 12mMSP-MIA $139 Search 1/6Sa 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 59mMSP-RSW $169 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSun Country AirAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$50 or less$90 or less$100 or less$170 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 2/5Mo nonstopFrontier 3h 34mMSP-MCO 2/8Do nonstopFrontier 3h 46mMCO-MSP $58 Search 1/28So nonstopFrontier 3h 29mMSP-RSW 2/8Do nonstopFrontier 3h 42mRSW-MSP $58 Search 1/14So nonstopSun Country Air 3h 42mMSP-PBI 1/15Mo nonstopSun Country Air 3h 55mPBI-MSP $96 Search 1/26Fr nonstopSun Country Air 3h 42mMSP-PBI 2/1Do nonstopSun Country Air 3h 55mPBI-MSP $98 Search 1/21So nonstopDelta 3h 40mMSP-FLL 1/26Fr nonstopDelta 3h 57mFLL-MSP $178 Search 1/22Mo nonstopDelta 3h 44mMSP-MIA 1/25Do nonstopDelta 4h 03mMIA-MSP $178 Search 2/7Mi 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 52mMSP-MCO 2/11So 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 45mMCO-MSP $190 Search 2/18So 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 30mMSP-FLL 2/21Mi 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 59mFLL-MSP $190 Search 2/2Fr 1 stopUnited Airlines 7h 01mMSP-SRQ 2/5Mo 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 58mSRQ-MSP $212 Search 2/1Do 1 stopUnited Airlines 7h 25mMSP-MIA 2/6Di 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 48mMIA-MSP $217 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSun Country AirDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$60 or less$100 or less$180 or less$190 or less$220 or less Last minute flights from Minneapolis to Florida Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/5Di nonstopFrontier 3h 23mMSP-MCO 12/15Fr nonstopFrontier 3h 44mMCO-MSP $88 Search 12/5Di nonstopFrontier 3h 47mMSP-RSW 12/15Fr nonstopFrontier 3h 56mRSW-MSP $88 Search 12/5Di nonstopSun Country Air 3h 18mMSP-TPA 12/13Mi nonstopSun Country Air 3h 27mTPA-MSP $158 Search 12/3So nonstopSun Country Air 3h 08mMSP-TPA 12/13Mi nonstopSun Country Air 3h 27mTPA-MSP $168 Search 12/5Di nonstopDelta 3h 37mMSP-FLL 12/14Do nonstopDelta 3h 58mFLL-MSP $278 Search 12/4Mo nonstopDelta 3h 45mMSP-FLL 12/19Di nonstopDelta 3h 56mFLL-MSP $288 Search 12/2Sa multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 35mMSP-MCO 12/16Sa multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 46mMCO-MSP $319 Search 12/2Sa multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 44mMSP-FLL 12/16Sa multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 00mFLL-MSP $334 Search 12/5Di multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 16mMSP-SRQ 12/12Di multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 03mSRQ-MSP $337 Search 12/1Fr multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 42mMSP-FLL 12/19Di multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 07mFLL-MSP $387 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSun Country AirDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$90 or less$170 or less$290 or less$330 or less$390 or less Minneapolis - Florida Flights Departure: Minneapolis (MSP)United States Return flight deals: Florida - Minneapolis Cabin classes: $764 First Class flights to Florida $1,152 Business Class flights to Florida $133 Prem Econ Class flights to Florida $52 Economy Class flights to Florida Browse origins: Flights » United States » Minnesota » Minneapolis $72Flights from Minneapolis to Florida Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida $114Flights to Bradenton, Florida $72Flights to Cape Coral, Florida $114Flights to Clearwater Beach, Florida $114Flights to Clearwater, Florida $217Flights to Daytona Beach, Florida $1,243Flights to Destin, Florida $108Flights to Florida Keys, Florida $104Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Florida $72Flights to Fort Myers Beach, Florida $72Flights to Fort Myers, Florida $110Flights to Fort Walton Beach, Florida $347Flights to Gainesville, Florida $205Flights to Jacksonville, Florida $288Flights to Key West, Florida $138Flights to Melbourne, Florida, Florida $108Flights to Miami, Florida $5,653Flights to Naples, Florida, Florida $75Flights to Orlando, Florida $197Flights to Panama City, Florida, Florida $154Flights to Pensacola, Florida $89Flights to Sarasota, Florida $89Flights to Siesta Key, Florida $370Flights to Tallahassee, Florida $114Flights to Tampa, Florida $145Flights to Tampa, Florida $110Flights to Valparaiso, Florida, Florida $96Flights to West Palm Beach, Florida View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Tampa Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Florida flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Florida from Minneapolis. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Florida from Minneapolis. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.