Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to Paris from $202 | (ORD - PAR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ORD - PAR Find cheap flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris from $202 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/24. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from O'Hare Intl to Paris?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from O'Hare Intl to Paris that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:45 pm - 7:20 pmORD-CDG 14h 35m1 stop 2:05 pm - 6:05 pmCDG-ORD 35h 00m2 stops $462Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 15 - Wed, Feb 21 7:15 pm - 10:10 amORD-ORY 31h 55m1 stop 8:00 am - 3:30 pmORY-ORD 14h 30m1 stop $462TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Wed, Feb 21 - Sun, Feb 25 6:30 pm - 12:00 pmORD-CDG 10h 30m1 stop 1:00 pm - 5:20 pmCDG-ORD 11h 20m1 stop $466Icelandair Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Wed, Feb 14 6:30 pm - 12:00 pmORD-CDG 10h 30m1 stop 1:00 pm - 5:20 pmCDG-ORD 11h 20m1 stop $469Icelandair Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Fri, Feb 23 6:20 pm - 6:55 amORD-CDG 29h 35m1 stop 12:05 pm - 12:15 pmCDG-ORD 31h 10m1 stop $531United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Wed, Feb 7 1:15 pm - 6:55 amORD-CDG 10h 40m1 stop 12:00 pm - 6:25 pmCDG-ORD 13h 25m1 stop $542United Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 2 - Sun, Feb 11 6:41 pm - 10:55 amORD-CDG 33h 14m1 stop 4:10 pm - 9:31 pmCDG-ORD 36h 21m2 stops $607Air France Find Deal Wed, Dec 27 - Wed, Jan 10 6:41 pm - 10:35 amORD-CDG 32h 54m2 stops 4:10 pm - 9:31 pmCDG-ORD 36h 21m2 stops $622Air France Find Deal Wed, Dec 27 - Wed, Jan 10 9:50 am - 6:35 amORD-CDG 13h 45m2 stops 11:25 am - 5:35 pmCDG-ORD 13h 10m1 stop $644American Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Sun, Jan 21 3:58 pm - 4:35 pmORD-ORY 17h 37m2 stops 10:15 am - 12:50 pmORY-ORD 33h 35m2 stops $651American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Thu, Jan 25 Show more results Flights from O'Hare Intl to Paris - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from O'Hare Intl to Paris to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Paris flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Paris. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Paris cost $464 and was between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $544. What is the cheapest month to fly from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Paris? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Paris is February, where tickets cost $541 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,243 and $1,170 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Paris? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Paris, you should book around 3 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 29 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris were found on Scandinavian Airlines ($462) and TAP AIR PORTUGAL ($462). Scandinavian Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $296. Which airlines fly non-stop between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Paris? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Paris. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Paris. They are: Air France, American Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Air France at $515 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air France. How many flights are there between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Paris per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 4 nonstop flights that take off from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and land in Paris, with an average flight time of 8h 06m. The most common departure time is 5:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon, while the most flights land at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Each week, there are 25 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Paris? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris take? Direct flights cover the 4,136 miles separating Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris in about 7h 55m. What’s the earliest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport at 5:30 pm and will be landing in Paris at 8:25 am. What’s the latest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Paris jets off at 6:30 pm and lands at 9:55 am. Good to know Low season January High season March Cheapest flight $202 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 31% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 18% lower on average. Flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from O'Hare Intl to Paris Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from O'Hare Intl to Paris based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris flights Does ORY have a clinic? If you feel a bit unwell, you can get medical attention at ORY’s on-site clinic near Gate 10A. At this clinic, you will get the treatment you require, as it features trained medics. Where can I exchange my cash at ORY? At ORY, you can easily convert your American dollars into local currency, as this airport features currency exchange sites. One is near Gate 21D, while another is on Level 1 of Terminal 3. Are there any exciting services I can enjoy while waiting for my flight at ORD? While waiting for your flight to Paris at ORD, you can rejuvenate your body at one of the three parlors run by Getaway Spa. Two are located in Terminal 2, near Gates H1 and H6, whereas one is in Terminal 1, near Gate B12. At any, you’re bound to have a good time, as they feature remarkable professionals. Where should I park if I intend to drive to ORD? ORD has plenty of on-site parking garages and is surrounded by several off-site garages. The off-site garages near this airport usually charge lower rates than the airport’s on-site garages. Given that this is the case, if you drive to ORD, parking your car in one of the airport’s off-site garages would be a good move. Do I need a passport to fly between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Paris? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris? When flying out of Chicago O'Hare Airport you will be using Chicago O'Hare Intl. You will be landing at one of these airports: Paris Beauvais-Tille, Paris Charles de Gaulle, or Paris Orly. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris flight route: Finnair, American Airlines, Air France, PSA Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Delta, and Air Canada. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris? The Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris? oneworld, Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Paris, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris? There are nonstop flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Chicago to Paris, Delta or Lufthansa? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Chicago to Paris are Delta and Lufthansa. With an average price for the route of $735 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Lufthansa is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $824 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris from Chicago O'Hare Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris with an airline and back to Chicago O'Hare Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Paris? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris from Chicago O'Hare Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Chicago to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $556 or less one-way and $673 or less round-trip. Although Chicago has two airports, Chicago Midway International Airport (MDW) and O’Hare International Airport (ORD), you will board your flight at ORD, as it is the only Chicago airport that offers flights to Paris. On the date you’re scheduled to fly to Paris, you should reach ORD at least 2h before your flight. This will allow you enough time to beat the traffic you’ll encounter when entering the airport and going through the airport’s security checkpoints. If you intend to travel to ORD from downtown Chicago via a public transportation means, the means you settle on will be determined by how fast you want to travel and how much you’re willing to part with. If you’d like to travel quickly, you should board a taxi, while to travel cheaply, you should board a bus. However, if you’d like to balance cost and speed, it’s in your best interest to board one of the trains that serve this route. In case you have an early morning flight to Paris from ORD, you should consider staying overnight at the airport’s on-site accommodation, Hilton Chicago O’Hare Airport Hotel. Located across from Terminal 2, this hotel features comfortable rooms. As it boasts hospitable staff, you’ll enjoy unmatched customer care while residing in this hotel. In Paris, you’ll land at either Charles de Gaulle (CDG) or Orly Airport (ORY). When booking your flight to Paris, you should book one that lands at ORY, as it is closer to Paris city center and has less passenger traffic than CDG. If you land at CDG, you should check out the various art exhibitions at this airport. In Terminal 1, there is an art exhibition in Hall L, while in Terminal 2E, there are art exhibitions in Hall M and Espace Musée. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Chicago O'Hare Intl to Paris? Find which airlines fly direct from O'Hare Intl to Paris, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Chicago O'Hare Intl to Paris Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +12 more Air Canada, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +12 more Air Canada, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Wednesday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +12 more Air Canada, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +13 more Air Canada, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Friday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +12 more Air Canada, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Saturday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +13 more Air Canada, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +12 more Air Canada, Air France, +13 more 11 12 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Paris to Chicago O'Hare Intl Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +14 more Air Canada, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Tuesday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +14 more Air Canada, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Wednesday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +14 more Air Canada, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Thursday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +14 more Air Canada, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Friday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +14 more Air Canada, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Saturday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +14 more Air Canada, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Sunday Air Canada, Air France, American Airlines, +14 more Air Canada, Air France, +15 more 13 14 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to Paris See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Chicago to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to Paris? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82boarding 79food 86crew 77entertainment 82overall 78comfort Airline reviews Cons: "I fell sick and my doctor advised against flying. Tried calling Swiss Air and JustFly.com: 6 calls back and forth and 7 hours on hold, no help. Finally got advised on driving to the airport to make the flight change at the Swiss Air counter at O’Hare. The representative told me to bring a note from doctor to switch flights. I did the next day. The same representative looked me in the eye after advising the day before and said there’s nothing she could do. Why make an elderly sick person drive to the airport again if you know already you cannot help??Absolutely terrible experience, no help from the airline or travel agency. Total loss of the full price of the ticket."Read more about SWISS Cons: "I fell sick and my doctor advised against flying. Tried calling Swiss Air and JustFly.com: 6 calls back and forth and 7 hours on hold, no help. Finally got advised on driving to the airport to make the flight change at the Swiss Air counter at O’Hare. The representative told me to bring a note from doctor to switch flights. I did the next day. The same representative looked me in the eye after advising the day before and said there’s nothing she could do. Why make an elderly sick person drive to the airport again if you know already you cannot help??Absolutely terrible experience, no help from the airline or travel agency. Total loss of the full price of the ticket." Pros: "Movies" Cons: "Crew was rude to passengers. One passenger asked for extra bread and crew arrogantly commented , we dont give but ok take one." Pros: "Coach seats were comfortable but if the person in front of you reclines, your video screen will be inches from your face and it becomes difficult to get out of your seat." Cons: "Crew was not particularly friendly....almost downright rude at times" Pros: "Crew was great. Seats were uncomfortable. No air. It was extremely hot." Pros: "The inflight entertainment was great and helped to pass the time. The food was good for airline food." Cons: "The flight staff was just okay - they could have been friendlier. The seat cushions seemed old - they were comfortable enough for sitting but not comfortable to sleep." Pros: "Crew was attentive to passenger needs in a quiet way: without fanfare, did all possible to make it a pleasant, comfortable trip. In fact, went out of their way to get me a wheelchair ride to next flight, which I dearly needed" Cons: "First flight was delayed due to circumstances outside of airline’s control. They managed to get us there and help me with wheelchair, etc to make flight. Great service and kindness" Cons: "Chose the option with Swiss because it showed that a checked bag was included. Got to the airport and was told to pay up for each checked bag. Great start to the trip." Pros: "Everyone was friendly, pleasant and very helpful. Upon arrival in Delhi our suitcase handle was broken." Cons: "Leg room was really bad in economy and the only upgrade option was to business for $10,000 so of course not affordable for the average person." Cons: "When I purchased the ticket I did not know that I have to pay for my bag. It would have been nice to know about this in advance" Pros: "Kosher snacks! Thank you. Screens and outlets at every seat. Safe, controlled Covid protocols including de-boarding. Excellent!" Pros: "Delta flight took extra precaution to keep all passengers safe before during and after the flight. They communicate effectively during the flight. I will be flying Delta again and again." Cons: "The trip was great" Cons: "Not enough room with the seats if someone reclines in front of you." Pros: "Crew was nice and welcoming" Cons: "Well, if our plane had been leaving on time it would've been superb." Cons: "Don't call it "food." the meals were terrible. Also stop creating so much single use plastic." Pros: "N/A" Cons: "Chinese Eastern did not try to help and solve my problem." Pros: "The food was good The crew was fantastic, friendly and accommodating Flight was on time" Cons: "I was near the bathroom.. stank a bit" Pros: "The service was amazing , the staff was honestly friendly and nice" Pros: "The Delta check-in at RDU was terribly understaffed with only 2 agents handling baggage drop-off for a fully booked Boeing 757. I waited over 1 hour and got to the gate at the last minute. Poorly managed! The flight crew was great though! Very attentive service even in the economy class!" Cons: "The food could be better." Pros: "Easy boarding, great service from the flight crew, and excellent food and drink service. Seats were comfortable and plenty of entertainment options for a long flight" The boarding was one of the worst I’ve ever experienced. The fault lays on Ohare Airport and not so much the airline. The waiting area by the gate was the size to accommodate a regional flight for 20-30 people and right next to a busy walkway. When you cramped nearly 300 passengers into that space is was unbearable. The Crew have no idea about the food they're serving the passengers. The Crew MUST be instructed before each flight about the menu that will be served to the passengers, whether the food is vegetarian or non-vegetarian, whether it is Halal, Kosher or not. Pros: "I liked how generous they were with food and drinks" Cons: "Free WiFi could have made the flight a lot better" Pros: "The crew from Kili to DarEsSalam was tired. A fresh crew worked from DarEsSalam to AMS and they were great." Cons: "The boarding process was chaotic. The passengers in the first boarding group had to fight through the crowd because there were no boarding lanes." Pros: "The plane size & comfort was excellent. The staff were very friendly" Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Great atmosphere, crew was excellent!" Cons: "I’m 6’5”, so legroom can always be a complaint, but this wasn’t too bad. The plane appeared to be fairly old and didn’t have WiFi. Entertainment also was on an older screen which was navigated by using an old in-seat phone." Pros: "Just as I expected. And I made my last connection easily." Pros: "Crew great, boarding at Nice very organised, boarding in Amsterdam not so organised!" Cons: "A queuing system would be better-it was a bit disorganised at Amsterdam!" Pros: "Great crew, comfortable seating with enough leg room." Cons: "Provide dinner before getting to joburg, instead of a snack. Flight arrives late so dinner would be appreciated" Pros: "Crew was very engaging and service was good." Cons: "My seat was horrible. Right at the door, crammed, and no place to store my carry-on luggage." Cons: "Buses to and from the plane. One driver left us in a full bus waiting for 20 minutes. When we arrived in Vienna, there was no bus to pick us up. We had to wait in the plane until one showed up." Cons: "My flight was canceled and I received no communication from Austrian Airlines. There was no staff at ticketing counter. The contact number that O’Hare had was a disconnected Verizon number, which was the same number listed on their website. I had to call the international number where I was told I was rebooked on United with 2 layovers instead of one. I also lost my business class upgrade and was told there was nothing they could do about it." Pros: "The crew and the service was excellent. Dinner was excellent. The hot breakfast never came. We were served a roll and one small cup of coffee with no refills. That was my only complaint. On a long overseas flight I think a hot breakfast would have been better than a roll." Cons: "very rocky,, too confined for such a long flight.thank you for a good lesson not to go austrian again" Pros: "They were really good with checking in my excess baggage and my two cats. Cats travelled well and arrived as expected. Check in at O'Hare was very friendly. In the air, flight attendants were very accommodating and friendly. All luggage and cats arrived! The plane from O'Hare to Austria was very nice!" Cons: "I think I have gotten used to Asiana's and Korean Airlines'. It just didn't seem to measure up to their business class service. The food (which has been highly rated!) I found to be just mediocre. Maybe it's because I was living in Asia for eight years and had become more accustom to asian cuisine?? I didn't love the seat either. When you recline, your feet are cramped inside a small area under the seat in front of you. It was cramped. The ability to customize the seat recline was limited. I like being able to move the head and feet into my own customized position. The business class seats from Vienna to Amman felt like coach." Pros: "Very good drink service (one cold and one hot drink)" Pros: "Very good flight crew. Decent food and nice entertainment." Cons: "Poor web site. Very poor boarding crew. Boarding crew made no announcements for who must get re-elected ticketed for shares carrier tucked or web site ticketed passengers. No prep boarding plan given therefore mass at gate." Pros: "Crew were amazing" Cons: "Delayed at boarding Delayed inside plane No entertainment No room for my long legs - no option" Pros: "The check in crew were great. They checked my overweight carry on with no problem for free Free alcohol" Cons: "The food was not edible" Cons: "Our flight was cancelled .No explanation at all.Hotel was given to us.Thank you for that.We dear only 4 hours.The following day we were there since 5 in the morning and the first word was 10 o clock flight.After to many hours they decided that they can bring us to Mynih and after that flight to Tirana.So I left home Thursday 2 o clock and arrive in Tirana after 2 days. No luggage until yesterday.It never happen before.But in top of everything my plans in Albania were messed up.I have to pospne my return flight 1 week and the charges are unbelievable tooo much 650 dollars.I am not stopping here.Thank you." Cons: "Breakfast/snack is very bad, but no airline provides anything decent." Pros: "The crew was very responsive. The dinner food was good." Cons: "The entertainment touch screen was not responsive to the touch, neither for me nor for the other members of my family. The power socket in my seat was not working, but I could use that in my wife's seat." Pros: "The process went just as it should. Everything was on time, orderly, pleasant and successful. I was able to get to my transfer on time, feeling good and ready for the next leg of the journey." Pros: "Very efficient boarding process. Plane was nice. Great legroom. Plenty of storage. Flight crew was helpful and very pleasant. Food was good. They had personal entertainment screens with a wide variety of movies, tv shows and games to play." Cons: "Liked it all. Would fly them again" Pros: "Staff was great." Cons: "I missed a hot moist towel to refresh my face before I got off of the plane after an 8-hour flight." Pros: "Big airplane:)" Cons: "I like Lufthansa but but I was on standby this is stressful this I don’t like. Over book I’m sorry but service awesome" Pros: "Friendly and helpful crew." Cons: "Seats not comfortable at all causing loss of sleep and terrible back ache." Cons: "Our flight was 9 hours late. We were given no notice of this until we arrived at the gate. it took an hour if holding before we could reach customer service. Customer service at our arrival gate was extremely slow. Baggage claim closed before my daughter’s luggage was released and it was lost until the next day. Our connecting flight was booked incorrectly do we had to spend the night in Frankfurt. Our 13 hour flight took 29 hours. The food was awful." Pros: "Went as expected no hiccups. Very well run pleasant staff. Good all-around service." Cons: "A bit warm mid flight." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I was never notified that there was no 1:45pm flight. Had I not gotten to the airport early I would not have made the flight to Chicago.at 12:25pm. I was originally scheduled to to to Munich but the flight was to Frankfurt. The plane arrived early so I had to make different plans for someone to pick me up Very disappointed in lack of communication" SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 KLM7.8 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from Chicago to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Chicago to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/24Wed 1 stop 14h 49mORD-CDG $202 Search 1/31Wed 1 stop 14h 49mORD-CDG $206 Search 1/31Wed 1 stop 14h 49mORD-CDG $216 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopIcelandair 10h 40mORD-CDG $426 Search 12/12Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 15h 25mORD-CDG $457 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 26h 46mORD-CDG $480 Search 3/18Mon nonstopAir France 7h 55mORD-CDG $510 Search 1/1Mon 2 stopsAir France 17h 35mORD-CDG $512 Search 5/28Tue 1 stopIcelandair 10h 40mORD-CDG $646 Search 5/9Thu 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 20h 00mORD-CDG $730 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineIcelandairUnited AirlinesAir FranceAmerican Airlines Search by price$210 or less$430 or less$480 or less$510 or less$730 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to Paris Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Chicago to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 14h 35mORD-CDG 12/5Tue multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 29h 00mCDG-ORD $432 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 14h 35mORD-CDG 12/8Fri multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 13h 55mCDG-ORD $433 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 13h 25mORD-ORY 12/13Wed multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 15h 50mORY-ORD $468 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAir France 11h 56mORD-CDG 12/8Fri multi-stopAir France 14h 03mCDG-ORD $518 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAir France 7h 55mORD-CDG 12/8Fri nonstopAir France 9h 10mCDG-ORD $525 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 8h 25mORD-CDG 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 20mCDG-ORD $530 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 26h 45mORD-CDG 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 27h 57mCDG-ORD $531 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 18h 07mORD-CDG 12/16Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 15h 07mCDG-ORD $734 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopIcelandair 19h 20mORD-CDG 12/9Sat multi-stopIcelandair 11h 20mCDG-ORD $922 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopIcelandair 10h 30mORD-CDG 12/8Fri multi-stopIcelandair 11h 20mCDG-ORD $956 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineScandinavian AirlinesTAP AIR PORTUGALAir FranceUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesIcelandair Search by price$430 or less$520 or less$530 or less$730 or less$960 or less Chicago O'Hare Airport - Paris Flights Departure: Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD)United States Return flight deals: Paris - Chicago O'Hare Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris $2,711 Business Class flights to Paris $1,425 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris $544 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $402Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Paris Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris $696Flights to Paris Beauvais-Tille Airport, Paris $420Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris $421Flights to Paris Orly Airport, Paris Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Paris flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris from Chicago O'Hare Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Paris from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.