Cheap Flights from Vancouver Airport to Las Vegas from C$ 99 | (YVR - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YVR - LAS Find cheap flights from Vancouver to Las Vegas from C$ 99 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 19/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Vancouver Intl to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Vancouver Intl to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 3:45 p.m. - 6:35 p.m.YVR-LAS 2h 50mdirect 9:50 a.m. - 12:50 p.m.LAS-YVR 3h 00mdirect C$ 98Flair Airlines Find Deal Mon, 8 Jan - Fri, 12 Jan 3:45 p.m. - 6:35 p.m.YVR-LAS 2h 50mdirect 9:50 a.m. - 12:50 p.m.LAS-YVR 3h 00mdirect C$ 99Flair Airlines Find Deal Mon, 8 Jan - Fri, 12 Jan 5:30 p.m. - 8:14 p.m.YVR-LAS 2h 44mdirect 9:00 p.m. - 11:52 p.m.LAS-YVR 2h 52mdirect C$ 177WestJet Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Fri, 15 Dec 3:05 p.m. - 5:53 p.m.YVR-LAS 2h 48mdirect 6:30 a.m. - 9:24 a.m.LAS-YVR 2h 54mdirect C$ 178Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 15 Dec - Wed, 20 Dec 9:10 p.m. - 11:58 p.m.YVR-LAS 2h 48mdirect 6:30 a.m. - 9:24 a.m.LAS-YVR 2h 54mdirect C$ 182Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 29 Dec - Wed, 3 Jan 12:30 p.m. - 7:48 p.m.YVR-LAS 7h 18m1 stop 12:00 p.m. - 8:38 p.m.LAS-YVR 8h 38m2 stops C$ 202WestJet Find Deal Mon, 8 Jan - Fri, 12 Jan 2:00 p.m. - 6:22 p.m.YVR-LAS 4h 22m1 stop 2:37 p.m. - 10:13 p.m.LAS-YVR 7h 36m1 stop C$ 215Alaska Airlines Find Deal Sat, 27 Jan - Tue, 30 Jan 7:00 a.m. - 4:19 p.m.YVR-LAS 9h 19m1 stop 6:00 a.m. - 10:53 a.m.LAS-YVR 4h 53m1 stop C$ 216Delta Find Deal Sun, 31 Dec - Mon, 8 Jan 2:00 p.m. - 8:10 p.m.YVR-LAS 6h 10m1 stop 6:00 a.m. - 10:54 a.m.LAS-YVR 4h 54m1 stop C$ 221Alaska Airlines Find Deal Sun, 14 Jan - Sat, 20 Jan 7:00 a.m. - 11:58 a.m.YVR-LAS 4h 58m1 stop 11:51 a.m. - 8:41 p.m.LAS-YVR 8h 50m1 stop C$ 240Delta Find Deal Sat, 30 Dec - Tue, 9 Jan Show more results Flights from Vancouver Intl to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Vancouver Intl to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Vancouver Intl Airport to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Las Vegas is January, where tickets cost C$ 166 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and August, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 407 and C$ 403 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Las Vegas, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 78 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Vancouver to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Vancouver to Las Vegas were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 133) and WestJet (C$ 240). Flair Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 99. Which airlines fly direct between Vancouver Intl Airport and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Las Vegas. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from Vancouver Intl Airport to Las Vegas. They are: Air Canada, Flair Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 109. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Vancouver Intl Airport and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 5 nonstop flights that take off from Vancouver Intl Airport and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 2h 48m. The most common departure time is 9:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 20 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 25% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Vancouver Intl Airport and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Vancouver to Las Vegas take? A direct flight to Las Vegas will take on average 2h 44m to travel the 2,568 km flying distance from Vancouver. What’s the earliest departure time from Vancouver to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport at 6:15 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 9:05 am. What’s the latest departure time from Vancouver to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Las Vegas jets off at 9:10 pm and lands at 11:58 pm. Good to know Low season July High season January Cheapest flight C$ 99 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 17% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 53% lower on average. Flight from Vancouver to Las Vegas When to book flights from Vancouver Intl to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Vancouver Intl to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Vancouver to Las Vegas flights Does the Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) offer services or amenities that can help me feel more refreshed after a long flight from Vancouver? Passengers can find shower services available for a fee inside the Club at LAS lounges in both terminals in the airport as well as at the Centurion Lounge and Zero fitness location inside Terminal 1. There are also spa locations near both the D Gates and E Gates at the airport that offer complete menus of spa services, including massages and facials that can make passengers feel more refreshed after a long flight. Does the Vancouver International Airport (YVR) offer any features for those with accessibility or disability issues? This airport offers a number of different facilities and amenities for these passengers, with one of the most prominent being curbside assistance available for passengers when they arrive at the airport. Once at the airport, passengers can utilize the Hidden Disability Sunflower Program to discretely alert all airport staff that these passengers may need extra time and assistance navigating the airport. What dining options are available at Vancouver International Airport? Vancouver International Airport offers more than 30 restaurants for travelers wanting something to eat before they depart. There is a wide range of international options including Japanese, Vietnamese and Italian cuisine, as well as fast food outlets and sports bars. YVR Food on the Fly is available at all restaurants, so food and snacks can be packaged for your flight in a travel-friendly bag. Are there any lounges at Vancouver International Airport? Plaza Premium Lounges at Vancouver Airport offer first-class facilities for all passengers, regardless of ticket class or airline. Amenities include nap rooms, shower facilities, hot meals, refreshments and beverages. Travelers who need to work can also take advantage of workstations and Wi-Fi. Access to the lounges can be reserved online or at the door. Can I book a limousine transfer to my hotel in Las Vegas? Live it up Las Vegas-style with a luxurious limousine transfer from McCarran International Airport to your hotel. Drivers will assist you with your luggage and escort you to your vehicle. Select from stretch limousines, SUVs or sedans. Limousine pick-up areas are located in Terminals 1 and 3. Is it possible to rent a car at Las Vegas Airport? It’s easy to rent a car at Las Vegas Airport. More than ten car rental companies operate from the McCarran Rent-A-Car Center, which is open 24/7. A free shuttle service connects the airport with the rent-a-car center. If you are planning a trip to the Grand Canyon or the Hoover Dam, renting a car will make it much easier to explore Nevada. Which airports will I be using when flying from Vancouver to Las Vegas? On your way to Las Vegas, you’ll fly out from Vancouver Intl. You’ll be landing at Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Vancouver to Las Vegas? Air Canada, WestJet, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Vancouver to Las Vegas flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Vancouver to Las Vegas? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Vancouver to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Vancouver to Las Vegas? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Vancouver and Las Vegas, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Vancouver to Las Vegas? There are direct flights from Vancouver to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Vancouver to Las Vegas, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Vancouver to Las Vegas are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of C$ 616 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 444 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Vancouver to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Vancouver to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Vancouver to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Vancouver is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Vancouver to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Vancouver with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Vancouver to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Vancouver up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Vancouver to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 138 or less one-way and C$ 175 or less round-trip. One of the quickest ways you can travel from downtown Vancouver to the Vancouver International Airport (YVR) is aboard the Canada Line light rail offering provided by TransLink CA that can take you from downtown to the airport in about 25 minutes, with trains leaving the station every 10 minutes or so. Passengers who wish to drive their car to the Vancouver International Airport should consider booking their parking online at the airport website. This not only guarantees you a parking spot upon your arrival but also offers some of the lowest rates available for parking at the airport. One of the best reasons to fly Air Canada between Vancouver and Las Vegas is because every one of their airplanes offers a personal touch screen for all passengers on the plane, offering hours of entertainment options that include music, live television, and movies. Looking for a quiet space to relax before your flight from Vancouver to Las Vegas? There is a dedicated quiet area at Vancouver Airport in the International Terminal near Gate D67, where passengers can unwind and meditate. Equipped with comfortable seating, mats, soft lighting and low-volume speakers, travelers can easily escape the noise and bustle of the airport. For last minute-shopping, Vancouver International Airport has a selection of outlets selling luxury apparel, electronics, accessories and souvenirs. International travelers can purchase perfumes and liquor from the duty-free shops or use the Reserve & Collect service to order online and pick up purchases upon arrival at the airport. Flights from Vancouver to Las Vegas usually depart Vancouver International Airport in BC and arrive at McCarran International Airport in Nevada. Direct flights from Vancouver to Las Vegas take an average of 2 hours and 36 minutes and can be booked through a number of airlines including WestJet, Air Canada, Swoop, United and Delta Airlines. If you’re in need of medical assistance at Vancouver International Airport, there is a walk-in medical clinic at the airport that covers a range of specializations including physiotherapy, podiatry and travel medicine. The Airport Dental Center is also open daily for dental emergencies or check-ups. A full-service pharmacy at the airport offers a range of medications and first aid kits. There is a diverse collection of art on display at Las Vegas McCarren International Airport for the enjoyment of passengers travelling through the airport. From sculptures and murals to mixed-media installations, the artworks reflect the region’s desert landscapes and the people and places that define Las Vegas. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Vancouver Intl to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Vancouver Intl to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Vancouver Intl to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search flights Monday ANA,Air Canada,Delta, +4 more ANA,Air Canada, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday ANA,Air Canada,Delta, +3 more ANA,Air Canada, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday ANA,Air Canada,Delta, +3 more ANA,Air Canada, +4 more 2 3 Thursday ANA,Air Canada,Air France, +5 more ANA,Air Canada, +6 more 4 5 Friday ANA,Air Canada,Air France, +5 more ANA,Air Canada, +6 more 4 5 Saturday ANA,Air Canada,Delta, +4 more ANA,Air Canada, +5 more 3 4 Sunday ANA,Air Canada,Air France, +5 more ANA,Air Canada, +6 more 4 5 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Vancouver Intl Search flights Monday ANA,Air Canada,Delta, +4 more ANA,Air Canada, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday ANA,Air Canada,Delta, +2 more ANA,Air Canada, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday ANA,Air Canada,Delta, +2 more ANA,Air Canada, +3 more 1 2 Thursday ANA,Air Canada,Delta, +4 more ANA,Air Canada, +5 more 3 4 Friday ANA,Air Canada,Delta, +4 more ANA,Air Canada, +5 more 3 4 Saturday ANA,Air Canada,Delta, +2 more ANA,Air Canada, +3 more 1 2 Sunday ANA,Air Canada,Delta, +4 more ANA,Air Canada, +5 more 3 4 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Vancouver Intl to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Vancouver to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Vancouver Intl to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29973 reviews 78entertainment 85overall 85boarding 82comfort 79food 88crew Airline reviews Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport" Pros: "The snack was a whole sandwich that was quite tasty and in my opinion far better than the two meals I was served on my US to Europe flight on Condor. The staff were very kind, accommodating and served us damp linens to wipe our hands with before eating, which I did not receive on the Condor flight." Pros: "Overall, a great experience." Cons: "The flight attendants were excellent overall, but one of them reacted unprofessionally when I asked her to throw something away prior to departure. (I believe it was the first class flight attendant, as I did not interact with her again after take off)." Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Pros: "No hassle and easy boarding." Cons: "More room and limit on size of luggage in the overhead compartment." Pros: "The flight itself was as expected." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3+ hours with no reasoning shared with travelers. No compensation, complimentary beverage, etc. was provided." Cons: "Miss airline meals but realize this was a short flight. Everyone was great." Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "I didn’ ask for internet but i was charged$25 I don’t know what to name it !" Pros: "Friendly staff" Cons: "No food offered but I usually don’t eat food but some passengers were asking about the food service" Cons: "She was a very unfriendly woman Not apologizing for running into his foot He fell asleep and didn’t realize he nput his foot in walkway" Pros: "The crew was extremely helpful and friendly!" Cons: "The seats, overall, could have been more comfortable... I have somewhat of a backache after my trip." Cons: "No ear plugs offered and my iPhone jack didn’t fit." Cons: "Delayed flight planning - would have been nice to delay the flight before boarding." Cons: "Flight was delayed almost 3 hrs. Ran out of food right before my row. I upgraded my seat but feel I got the short end of the stick." Pros: "Just a great experience Delta is still above the rest excluding Hawaiian" Cons: "Cant think of anything" Pros: "Crew was great seats comfortable but quite near back my connecting flight I had to get my seat when I got to the airport I was second from the back but close to washrooms" Cons: "There was no entertainment on second flight but I didn’t use it anyway On second flight washroom was not very good my scarfe dropped on the floor and was wet and yuckie" Cons: "After a delay of about an hour on a very full flight the gate agent asked for volunteers to check their rollaboard suitcases. The gate agents then allowed those who checked their rollaboards to board before Zone 1,which was fine. However, a bunch of people without gate check stickers on the rollaboards were also allowed to board before Zone 1, which was aggravating. There was a long delay on the tarmac, during which we had to pull back to the gate or to a maintenance area before we finally took off. When we arrived in Vegas there was no gate for us to pull into, which led to another long delay of an already long and delayed flight." Cons: "at last minute itinerary was changed.. instead of routing through Brisbane, was now routed through Sydney. Flight from Sydney to LAX was delayed by 4 hours, then missed flight LAX to LAS... overall long delayed arrival. Checked the route through Brisbane, and those flights we're all there, departed and landed all on-time... so wondering what the reason was for the change of the itinerary without a cause (no cancel or delayed flights through Brisbane)" Pros: "Departing" Cons: "More than 4.5 hrs in taxi waiting to take off. Due to “few rain” and after 3.5 hrs we needed to refuel when we were about FINALLY close to our turn for take off. Horrible service by DELTA. Never flying again with them" Pros: "This was a much bigger plane so my comfort lever was better." Cons: "Wake people up when serving anything.. I have seen in some other airlines that one is provided with a sticker to place on your seat to show if you can or cannot be woken up" Cons: "The baggage restriction was not good at least one Checking should be allowed" Pros: "The crew went out of his way to help us!" Cons: "The landing was the worst I have ever experienced! Must be a student pilot or something! Been traveling for many years and never once vomit! I almost did in this flight! twice!!" Cons: "From Vancouver to Los Angeles no screen seats no Entertainment" Cons: "No explanation was given why flight left almost 2 hours late" Pros: "Seats had room. Entertainment options were quite good." Cons: "WestJet has lost its Chutzpah. No longer knows it’s identity. Food choices were terrible for a 5.5 hour flight, and the couple of okay choices they were out of very quickly. Crew was friendly enough but no sparkle." Pros: "Smooth trip." Cons: "No one would get a wheelchair to get to cart that was on different floor. Driver didn't volunteer to carry bags to cart." Pros: "Everything about the flight was fine except the delay waiting for the new crew." Cons: "The 90 minute delay taking off. The difficulty getting WestJet Connect entertainment software to work with my laptop. I finally gave up & watched tv on my phone." Pros: "Crew did a good job, even with the long delays." Cons: "Plane was almost 2 hours late getting to LA. Started with the crew needing to clear customs in Vancouver. Delayed by 30 minutes....then the crew preboarded a sick lady and her travel companion. At some point crew decided she should not fly to LA, but the ladies wouldn’t get off plane! 45 minutes later and 4 RCMP show up to escort them off plane. Then we didn’t have any ground crew to get us off loading ramp. Finally got away 90 minutes or more after scheduled departure. Circled LA a few times before getting to land.... long flight with long delays!" Pros: "Had a fantastic experience on my first round trip with WestJet. Very satisfied, would definitely fly them again. I also liked how we were able to clear Customers BEFORE we departed from YVR; made the arrival that much smoother when we landed at SFO" Pros: "This is what an airline should be like in the US - 1 bag checked without fees, food - snacks and light meal (even on short flights), LEG ROOM, reasonable airfares. Thankfully I live near a Canadian airport. Greedy US airlines with its no-service-unless-you-pay could take a lesson." Cons: "I am completely satisfied with the airline and its services." Pros: "Comfortable plane." Cons: "Boarding, it was organized chaos with having to show your passport verification then get in another line to board." Pros: "The flight was fast and with no delays" Cons: "They charged me extra 14 USD for checking in, I had never being charged extra for that." Pros: "The crew provides excellent customer service. I also liked the collection of movies they offered." Cons: "Would been better if the plane had more room on the aisle." Pros: "The flight from Vancouver to Mexico by Aeromexico was cancelled. I was assigned a different flight at 6am the next morning and we could not board in the last minute when we were at the door (it looks like the flight was overbooked)... Finally we are in Lima but our luggage is lost." Cons: "Please let me know what can we do.. Is there any kind of compensation we are entitled to after going through all this..." Cons: "I got singled out by a staff member to request me to check my bag while the passenger behind me had a bigger carry on bag. My other 2 friends had carry on backpacks about the same size as well but they didn't get stopped. I didn't know why I got picked on." Pros: "The old flight attendant was so rude to everyone you can tell she hates her job" Cons: "Her attitude" Pros: "Nice to have free food, good movie selections" Cons: "Seats are so vertical! Uncomfortable... Departure back to the US was disorganized-our flight was delayed so two flights were leaving simultaneously from the same gate." Cons: "Ran out of fuel and had to make atop at St. Louis for about 1-1/2 hrs So got delayed needed to get to Chicago at 11 and ended up at 1:30" Cons: "I never took the flight since Kayak’s blames me for not in putting the correct name of the passenger. Your policy on name change is ridiculous. I never input my name as the passenger. The ticket was for my aunt. Kayak has been the worst experience I have received." Inflight service could have been better. Overall experience was okay Cons: "Must have been an old plane; the seats were a bit worn and the screens are tiny." Pros: "The crew was ok. They seemed really hectic between Heathrow to Rome." Cons: "The seats were too tiny for business class. Nowhere to put anything. So close to next passenger. I would not fly business class again on BA Terrible entertainment. No interesting movies. I guess they tried to have movies only with British actors/actresses. Nothing current. That’s pretty bad for almost. 10 hours flt. He seats in business class between Heathrow to Rome were like regular seats except with the middle seat blocked off. Food was just ok." Pros: "Crew was amazing" Cons: "Waiting area before boarding was really hot, if you can’t afford air conditioning then maybe electric fans!!" Pros: "Plane changed to an A380" Cons: "Waited over half an hour to get off at Heathrow owing to staff shortage so the air bridge took a while to happen!" Cons: "The flight was delayed by three hours; not sure how to fix that but it was annoying. For some reason the arm rests in the middle of the seats would not go fully back and I felt like the flight attendants were talking down to me. They also could have been having a bad day too with the flight. :/" Pros: "Crew were very friendly" Cons: "The aircraft was 21 years old and showed every minute of its 21 years. Economy class is very bunched. On board food was average at best" Pros: "Left relatively on time, friendly crew, clean cabin, and good enough" Cons: "Completely disorganized boarding from front and back of aircraft led to clogged isles as people from the back tried to make it to the front and visa versa." Pros: "Service and welcome was great." Cons: "Entertainment system was old and screen was not working the first 2 hours." Pros: "Flight was on time, food was good, service was great Good entertainment" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 Aeromexico7.4 British Airways7.3 Book cheap flights from Vancouver to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Vancouver to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 19/1Fri directFlair Airlines 2h 50mYVR-LAS C$ 73 Search 15/1Mon directFlair Airlines 2h 50mYVR-LAS C$ 77 Search 10/12Sun directAir Canada 2h 48mYVR-LAS C$ 108 Search 21/3Thu 2 stopsWestJet 8h 44mYVR-LAS C$ 109 Search 24/12Sun 1 stopAir Canada 12h 46mYVR-LAS C$ 113 Search 28/1Sun directWestJet 2h 44mYVR-LAS C$ 114 Search 13/12Wed 1 stopAlaska Airlines 4h 49mYVR-LAS C$ 123 Search 26/1Fri 1 stopAlaska Airlines 5h 27mYVR-LAS C$ 129 Search 23/12Sat 1 stopDelta 9h 19mYVR-LAS C$ 204 Search 26/12Tue 1 stopDelta 15h 58mYVR-LAS C$ 224 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesAir CanadaWestJetAlaska AirlinesDelta Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 130 or lessC$ 220 or less Last minute flights from Vancouver Intl to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Vancouver to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 2h 50mYVR-LAS 8/12Fri directFlair Airlines 3h 00mLAS-YVR C$ 124 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 2h 50mYVR-LAS 22/12Fri directFlair Airlines 3h 00mLAS-YVR C$ 128 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 2h 48mYVR-LAS 12/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 5h 06mLAS-YVR C$ 237 Search 3/12Sun directWestJet 2h 50mYVR-LAS 7/12Thu directWestJet 2h 52mLAS-YVR C$ 255 Search 3/12Sun directAir Canada 2h 48mYVR-LAS 6/12Wed directAir Canada 2h 54mLAS-YVR C$ 261 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 9h 45mYVR-LAS 7/12Thu multi-stopAlaska Airlines 5h 15mLAS-YVR C$ 295 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 9h 02mYVR-LAS 8/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 27h 17mLAS-YVR C$ 335 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 9h 45mYVR-LAS 7/12Thu multi-stopAlaska Airlines 17h 34mLAS-YVR C$ 383 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 06mYVR-LAS 4/12Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 20mLAS-YVR C$ 695 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 11h 14mYVR-LAS 2/12Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 11h 52mLAS-YVR C$ 2,150 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesAir CanadaWestJetAlaska AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 130 or lessC$ 260 or lessC$ 300 or lessC$ 380 or lessC$ 2,150 or less Vancouver - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Vancouver (YVR)Canada Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Vancouver Cabin classes: First Class flights to Las Vegas C$ 984 Business Class flights to Las Vegas C$ 1,080 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas C$ 124 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » Canada » British Columbia » Vancouver Airport C$ 132Flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas C$ 132Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Ottawa Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Kelowna Flights to Kamloops Flights to Yellowknife Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Vancouver. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Las Vegas from Vancouver. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.