Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Hawaii from $89 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Hawaii from $89 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Hawaii ...and more Latest Hawaii Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULARHonolulu From San Francisco 1 stop from $172 Search Flights Kahului From San Francisco 1 stop from $175 Search Flights Kailua-Kona From San Francisco 1 stop from $178 Search Flights Lihue From San Francisco Nonstop from $197 Search Flights Hilo From San Francisco 1 stop from $390 Search Flights Hoolehua From San Francisco 1 stop from $474 Search Flights Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $89 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 19% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 21% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to Honolulu FAQs - booking Hawaii flights Are there pet relief areas at San Francisco International Airport (SFO)? Yes. SFO offers pet relief areas in its facilities with waste bins, mutt mitt dispensers, and drinking sinks to care for the pets' relief needs. The pet relief areas are available throughout the day, and also, with accessibility to patrons with limited mobility. At SFO on the arrivals level, are the outdoor relief areas in Terminal 3 Courtyard 4 and Terminal 1 Courtyard 2. While, on the departure level, are the indoor relief areas in Terminal 2 gates D, Terminal 1 B and C gates, International Terminal gates A, and Terminal C gates F. Do I need a visa or passport to fly to Hawaii from San Francisco? On the account that the state of Hawaii and the state of California where San Francisco sits are both in the United States, there is no demand for citizens of the United States to have a visa or passport to fly between the two states. However, to fly from San Francisco, citizens of the U.S. should have a valid identification card from their home state to make the trip. Still, if you don’t have a valid identification card, to fly to Hawaii from San Francisco you’ll need to own an official driver’s license from the state you're residing in. If you have neither you’ll need to make renewal arrangements before your trip to Hawaii. Are there accessibility services at San Francisco International Airport (SFO)? Yes. SFO provides barrier-free access with elevators and ramps throughout its facilities. Moreover, at SFO passengers with limited mobility will have access to accessible restrooms, designated parking lots, and wheelchair assistance. Passengers with visual impairments traveling through SFO will have braille signage throughout the Airport and free Aira service, while passengers with hearing impairments have visual paging and TTY telephones. What are the most common layover cities for flights from San Francisco to Hawaii? Besides, direct flights from San Francisco to Hawaii there are non-direct flights between the two locations. Nondirect flights from San Francisco to Hawaii will involve at least one layover stop en route. The layover stop will depend on which destination you land in Hawaii and which airline you're flying with. Dallas, Seattle, Los Angeles, and Phoenix are the route’s popular layover cities. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Hawaii? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Hawaii. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Hawaii? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Hawaii from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Hawaii? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Hawaii with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Hawaii? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Hawaii from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Hawaii Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be June and July. The cheapest month to fly from San Francisco is December. Morning departure is around 6% cheaper than an evening flight, on average*. San Francisco International Airport (SFO) is one of the primary airports that serve San Francisco. The Airport is a hub for Alaska Airlines and United Airlines. Both passenger airlines facilitate flights to Hawaii from San Francisco. For business people, if you have a top-priority business to tend to before your flight to Hawaii, you can use the SFO's business center. The center offers full-service services such as printing, photocopying, mobile rentals, packaging and shipping, and faxing. The SFO business center is in the International Terminal's main hall. Do you need to freshen up before your flight to Hawaii? SFO offers shower amenities, which are situated in the International Terminal’s main hall. Daniel K. Inouye International Airport (HNL) is one of the main airports that serve the State of Hawaii. HNL is the primary hub for Hawaii Airlines and Mokulele Airlines, which offers flights from San Francisco to Hawaii. Hilo International Airport (ITO) is one of the airports that serve Hawaii. Southwest Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, Mokulele Airlines, and United Airlines are the passenger airlines operating at ITO offering flights to Hawaii from San Francisco. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to HawaiiNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Hawaii? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.5 EVA AirOverall score based on 6330 reviews 87boarding 84comfort 83entertainment 82food 86overall 88crew Airline reviews Pros: "Flight is online" Cons: "Flight Attendants performed acceptable. They pushed the table cart and hit me twice without apologizing."Read more about EVA Air Pros: "Flight is online" Cons: "Flight Attendants performed acceptable. They pushed the table cart and hit me twice without apologizing." Pros: "Crew was very accommodating!" Cons: "Just being in the plane in general. Sitting for 12 hours is really uncomfortable" Cons: "Service could be better. One flight attendant was sick but still working." Pros: "Service and boarding were very nice and smooth. Food and entertainment were excellent." Pros: "Seat is reasonably comfortable in Eco Plus" Cons: "Flight departed 30 minutes late, gate in SFO was a mad house with no practical lounge options for *G (must use UA Club in T3 which is a 10-15 minute walk). Please also give more than a thimble of water / beverages - serving sizes are tiny compared to US airlines." Pros: "Clean and efficient. Catered to our needs. Definitely would travel them again." Pros: "Food was great and the crews were helpful. They do offer snacks/drinks in between meals. For those who do not know, they do offer wine as a drink in the Economy class (usually red wine)." Cons: "Speakers are not good during announcement. I can barely hear it. if they can improve that, that will be great." Pros: "I enjoyed the movies, the food was good, and services" Pros: "The flight attendants were on point and very well trained. Decent legroom in Economy class and decent inflight entertainment. Flight on tune and boarding was seamless. Will fly EVA air again." Cons: "Food was decent but could have been better. Entertainment was ok but could have used more choices. Not much too gripe about though." Pros: "Food is great, with good selection between chinese or western meals. It was nice to have the menus printed. Flight attendants were very courteous and friendly" Pros: "I was unable to board the flight so there is nothing to talk about." Cons: "Provide options for accommodation, refund or alternate flights after announcing a 24-hour delay. I had to repurchase my flight from HKG to SFO after finding out that a return ticket is treated as abandoned if one does not fly one way. Not the level of service expected from an international airline." Cons: "Catering and professionalism of the crew could have been better." Pros: "Crew was courteous." Cons: "Seat needs to be much roomier. Entertainment and Food should be good and more options." Cons: "The food service could have been better . Quality is poor ! There was one lunch service, breakfast service and one snack service through 19.5 hours of nonstop flight. We were hungry through out as the quantities were so little and barely there . The toilets were bad and didn’t even carry tissues" Pros: "Seats are ok, not super comfortable. Legroom are kinda limited but the monitor screens are great and user friendly." Pros: "The flight was delayed from sfo to Hongkang. Very disappointed." Pros: "Good selection of movies and excellent inflight entertainment overall. Service was excellent." Cons: "Seats were very small." Pros: "The seats were comfortable with enough leg room even in Economy class. I was late to go through security check-in, but the flight waited for me to board the flight. The on-flight entertainment was excellent." Cons: "I didn't like the food offered that much. Also, it seemed that the crew were not that good in coordinating among themselves and helping out passengers. There was not much option on drinks." Pros: "Loved the crew, very helpful and attentive." Cons: "Food could be better. No goodies like toothbrush or paste or sleep mask, but this is minor. Website is really bad and hard to check-in online. They could really simplify the website and allow folks to add their favorite miles in there. just so complicated to do anything on the website." Pros: "crew was courteous and highly helpful. food was good, served hot." Cons: "It is just a long flight and the middle economy seats are what they are." Pros: "Great check-in with Weimao, if I remember right. Got through security fairly quickly. Boarding was fine, a long way to the back . . ." Cons: "The worst earphones I’ve ever used. They fell out at least 100 times while trying to watch Dumbo. There seemed to be reasonably good programming, but I wasn’t going to continue with those earphones. My ears were sore after trying many ways to get them to stay in my ears." Pros: "The ability to select a special meal ahead of time. Meal selection out of the US was better than coming from oversea into the US." Cons: "Seating can always be made more comfortable." Cons: "There was no provision for vegetarian food in the flight" Pros: "The movies and food" Cons: "I was seated at the exit seats next to the wall. I feel the seat was more small there. My body hurt so much." Pros: "Quick boarding, staff english is good. Good movie selection." Cons: "seat not very cushioned, food is okay. Low TV documentary selection." Cons: "The armrests don’t go up. Huge problem for kids trying to sleep on an overnight flight!" Pros: "Entertainment device is updated and good" Cons: "Staff at SFO was a little bit loud and mean when they asked the customers to line up—like in zone 1/2 boarding process." Pros: "Crew was friendly and attentive. Wide range of entertainment to choose from." Cons: "Boarding was done half the plane each, so I stood in line waiting to board for a long time. I also had the middle seat, which was uncomfortable for sleeping. I would upgrade for a window seat next time. There were only meat options for the food, and no main courses for vegetarians." Pros: "I like the boarding because they went by zone. I also like the food and drink that was provided." Cons: "I didn't like the restroom it was too small to go number 2 in." Pros: "The crew did an excellent, professional job." Cons: "There were problems with arrival at the gate necessitating delay and 3 gate changes for connecting flight. This was not fault of American but due to a plane breaking down at the original gate at LAX causing our plane to be rerouted to a different gate." Cons: "The gate agents called all boarding groups with the boarding queue extending the entire length of the jet bridge and into the terminal beyond the gate area, making us stand in line ten to fifteen minutes longer for no reason." Cons: "It would’ve been nice if we made it to fort Meyers!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The seat assignments based on loyalty status - rude gate agents" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Took off 40 minutes late, rude attendants, very hot on plane, no apologies from staff for being late. Worst flight in a long time." Cons: "I could not pre-check or request different seats on the CP website. I think that this was because of issues with the website, apparently due to IT system communication between American Airlines and Cathay Pacific.......on all six flights. On the transfer in San Francisco, Customs was closed when we arrived in San Francisco and we had to haul all of our baggage from one terminal to the other. There was no direction on how to handle this issue of Customs being closed while on the flight to San Francisco. I had to explain the issue of to the CP customer service crew in SF. The CP desk and they had never heard of it. American Airlines was equally poorly trained. I will also say that while at the CP customer service, there were three young adult males that we're not busy at the time and the watched us unload the baggage carts onto the scales and conveyor and then reloaded on to the carts to push to the AA terminal. We handled the bags two additional times because the CP staff did not know what to do and how to handle it. Other passengers were confused as well." Cons: "They lost my luggage and have not been helpful in trying to locate it!!" Pros: "The flights were on time and the staff was very friendly." Cons: "Flight attendendant were unfriendly,she missed my dinner ,I had to call her so she bring my dinner!" Cons: "My flight was canceled and rebooked overnight, then delayed 2-3x. This wasn’t all the airline’s fault, but nevertheless, it was a very mediocre experience." Pros: "The UA Private Screening feature was unavailable on tipis overnight flight bah." Cons: "Getting to San Francisco flight was canceled, make a line for 3.30 hours to let us know what they were going to do with us, they give the place to go at 3 a.m with not directions were to take a bus , later someone come and told us the bus stop running at that time and I have to go upstairs to take a taxi, I was alone and not use to be alone at that time never in my live I had to pretend I was afraid. Of course the hotel only take you until 12pm so I spend so many hours in the airport waiting for re ticketing they told us to be at 6pm we wait and I got my ticket leaving at 9.45pm but the crew come one hour and half late. From Panama to Lima flight was late . I had a conference very important to be Saturday morning, I lost my investment and relationships with the company I was going to start a business there excuse was they couldn’t relay on my punctuality, honestly. I got there more than a day and half LATE. If you ask me how was my trip I will tell you horrible and I can’t recommend anybody, this company doesn’t have any personality at all" Cons: "My 10:00 p.m. flight was canceled so I had to spend the night trying to sleep in the airport. Have you ever had to do that? Not fun." Cons: "12+ hour flight with no working outlet to charge phone or headphones. When I asked to move to a seat that had a charger, they basically said no - even though there were about 20 open seats in the next "economy class" level. So for 6 hours, after my phone died, I basically stared at the wall and then had no phone to assist with my directions or hotel reservations once we landed. Food was not good. Plane was old, and had a few random screens playing a movie that kept freezing and had to be restarted." Cons: "Flight was canceled. Rescheduled on next morning on economy class even though the original tickets booked for business class. No hotel, food voucher, etc. were provided blamed on the weather condition even though the bad weather was 1-2 days ago, and on the day of departure it was air traffic control problems which was stated in cancellation email." Pros: "American Airlines" Cons: "Dear United Airlines, It is my dearest wish that reading the following inflicts upon you at least a fraction of the stress, frustration, and pain that I have been through traveling with you today- you absolutely abhorrent excuse for a company. Due to your incomparable incompetence my arrival was inexcusably delayed almost 12 hours. An account follows: For a company who's customer service is already hanging by a very thin thread you would think that you would be doing everything to make your flights as smooth and pleasant as possible. Shall I elaborate on the utter frustration and boredom of being trapped in the San Francisco airport facing not one, not two, but what became SEVEN delays? Delays that have been caused by runway maintenance- a condition which someone in your company would have known about well before I got to the airport and that you simply did not plan for. A almost FOUR HOUR delay that could have been easily avoided if you just had things together and scheduled your planes around the affected runways. And let's not forget the additional delay caused when your flight crew simply couldn't be found to come to the gate so we could start getting underway! But no, I think the absolutely outstanding quintessential experience that defines flying with United airlines is this: After the above delays myself and my fellow passengers were finally able to board our flight- only to be told by the captain that there would be another brief delay while we waited for ANOTHER crew member because one of the pilots was near the end of their union hours. We sit on the plane stuck for another 20 minuets or so, only to be told they can't find anyone, and can we please get off the plane because our WHOLE FLIGHT is CANCELED. The kiosk I get to try and fix this is uncrowded but understaffed and run by clearly undertrained employees. The ones I'm dealing with keep having to ask each other for help, and give advice/plans that contradict one another. One of theme even takes what seems to be a personal call while 'assisting' me. When I finally get ahold of a supervisor I have to plead to get the next flight out of this godforsaken place, which I am reluctantly given as its with one of your competitors. Talking with other customer and airport staff is sounds very much like you are delaying/canceling flights for your own personal gain or at least not correcting flights around the situation to squeeze more money from the situation) it becomes quite clear that you are not only still incapable of accepting any real measure of accountability but entirely disgracefully unorganized. Almost 12 hours later I do finally make it home- thanks to American Airlines. Only to have the utter displeasure of one last interaction with United wherein when I pick up my bag your employees insist that I was delayed due to the weather and it wasn't your fault. It was entirely absolutely your fault." Pros: "Noting" Cons: "Bought the ticket from Lufthansa but the operator was United. Although it was known by the operator that there is a delay already at check-in, passengers where notified only at the gate. Delay was so long that most passengers would miss their connection. After standing an hour in line at the gate to book alternate connection, counter was closed and we were directed to another 10 min walk away. After another 1.5 hours without reaching a representative we had to rush back to the gate to board. In Frankfurt had to stay in standby for the next alternative flight. Luggage was delayed in the US for 2 more days." Pros: "The view and legroom was nice." Cons: "I collect disability each month so I am on a very tight budget. The Spanish speaking woman that pushed my wheelchair told me that I can bring my water bottles full of water through the metal detectors. I asked if she could take me somewhere to pour them out and refill them on the other side. They threw them away at the metal detector. So I had to buy a new bottle for my medicine that I have to take. You would think she would have got it by me carrying these bottles around but nope. She actually said to me that I can give her gratuity now if I wanted. I gave her $1. She then replied in a sarcastic voice " Thankyou you are soooo generous. I don't like feeling obligated to tip somebody because I am disabled and have a bullet in my head." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "United told us our plane was delayed, then they cancelled it. No one notified us, we just sat there and found out for ourselves." Pros: "The flight attendant was nice" Cons: "Since it was an international flight we went to the international terminal and we were send back to domestic. This caused us to be delayed, though we had arrived early. They ended up giving me two boarding passes for myself and shorting me one for my son. More delays at the gate. The Air Canada confirmation number is different than the United and they have no record of it. Almost missed fhe plane until I found an email with the Air Canada number. Not good coordination. Air Canada and United need to do a better job of coordinating these reservations. And the 8 dollar snack was dreadful." EVA Air8.5 Cathay Pacific8.0 China Airlines7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Hawaii Recent one-way flight deals 2/13Tue 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 9h 40mSFO-HNL $89 Search 5/14Tue nonstopHawaiian Airlines 5h 30mSFO-OGG $90 Search 2/1Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 00mSFO-HNL $99 Search 1/27Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 47mSFO-OGG $99 Search 2/4Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 8h 52mSFO-KOA $104 Search 3/20Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 32mSFO-HNL $105 Search 2/20Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 9h 21mSFO-HNL $108 Search 1/27Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 11h 44mSFO-OGG $108 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopDelta 9h 58mSFO-HNL $120 Search 2/23Fri 1 stopDelta 13h 54mSFO-OGG $120 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesAlaska AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$90 or less$100 or less$110 or less$110 or less$120 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 2/4Sun 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 7h 27mSFO-HNL 2/10Sat 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 7h 53mHNL-SFO $172 Search 1/28Sun 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 9h 45mSFO-OGG 2/3Sat nonstopHawaiian Airlines 5h 05mOGG-SFO $175 Search 1/10Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 41mSFO-KOA 1/16Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 11mKOA-SFO $197 Search 1/18Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 6h 02mSFO-LIH 1/23Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 14mLIH-SFO $197 Search 2/4Sun nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 00mSFO-HNL 2/9Fri nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 11mHNL-SFO $197 Search 4/25Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 37mSFO-OGG 4/26Fri nonstopAlaska Airlines 4h 53mOGG-SFO $197 Search 1/19Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 8h 42mSFO-LIH 1/24Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 9h 38mLIH-SFO $208 Search 1/14Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 8h 52mSFO-KOA 1/19Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 9h 22mKOA-SFO $209 Search 2/22Thu 1 stopDelta 12h 30mSFO-HNL 2/23Fri 1 stopDelta 9h 32mHNL-SFO $234 Search 1/5Fri 1 stopDelta 14h 23mSFO-KOA 1/10Wed 1 stopDelta 10h 20mKOA-SFO $240 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesUnited AirlinesAlaska AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$180 or less$200 or less$200 or less$210 or less$240 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Hawaii Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/5Tue nonstopHawaiian Airlines 5h 45mSFO-HNL 12/25Mon nonstopHawaiian Airlines 5h 10mHNL-SFO $253 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 50mSFO-HNL 12/25Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 15mHNL-SFO $262 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 31mSFO-OGG 12/6Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 4h 59mOGG-SFO $272 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 31mSFO-OGG 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 26mOGG-SFO $281 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 11h 28mSFO-OGG 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 34mOGG-SFO $290 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 12h 00mSFO-OGG 12/7Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 34mOGG-SFO $306 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 24h 56mSFO-HNL 12/25Mon nonstop 5h 10mHNL-SFO $307 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 41h 33mSFO-HNL 12/25Mon nonstop 5h 10mHNL-SFO $320 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 10h 16mSFO-OGG 12/14Thu multi-stopDelta 17h 48mOGG-SFO $329 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 14h 06mSFO-OGG 12/12Tue multi-stopDelta 15h 11mOGG-SFO $331 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesAlaska AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$260 or less$280 or less$310 or less$320 or less$330 or less San Francisco - Hawaii Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: Hawaii - San Francisco Cabin classes: $534 First Class flights to Hawaii $536 Business Class flights to Hawaii $813 Prem Econ Class flights to Hawaii $131 Economy Class flights to Hawaii Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $161Flights from San Francisco to Hawaii Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Hawaii $433Flights to Hana, Hawaii $264Flights to Hilo, Hawaii $172Flights to Honolulu, Hawaii $662Flights to Hoolehua, Hawaii $180Flights to Kahului, Hawaii $172Flights to Kailua, Hawaii $161Flights to Kailua-Kona, Hawaii $337Flights to Kapalua, Hawaii $161Flights to Kaua'i, Hawaii $480Flights to Lanai City, Hawaii $161Flights to Lihue, Hawaii $180Flights to Maui, Hawaii $172Flights to O'ahu, Hawaii $161Flights to The Big Island, Hawaii $564Flights to Waimea (Kamuela), Hawaii View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Hawaii flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Hawaii from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Hawaii from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.