Cheap Flights from Windsor to Cancun from C$ 107 | (YQG - CUN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YQG - CUN Find cheap flights from Windsor to Cancun from C$ 107 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 5/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Cancun These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Windsor to Cancún, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Windsor to Cancún, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Windsor to Cancún?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Windsor to Cancún that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 1:15 p.m. - 5:45 p.m.YQG-CUN 4h 30mdirect 8:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m.CUN-YQG 4h 00mdirect C$ 214Flair Airlines Find Deal Tue, 19 Dec - Tue, 26 Dec 1:15 p.m. - 5:45 p.m.YQG-CUN 4h 30mdirect 8:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m.CUN-YQG 4h 00mdirect C$ 249Flair Airlines Find Deal Tue, 26 Dec - Tue, 2 Jan 1:15 p.m. - 5:45 p.m.YQG-CUN 4h 30mdirect 6:40 p.m. - 10:48 a.m.CUN-YQG 16h 08m2 stops C$ 397 Find Deal Tue, 19 Dec - Tue, 26 Dec 9:40 a.m. - 11:25 a.m.YQG-CUN 25h 45m2 stops 5:45 p.m. - 5:23 p.m.CUN-YQG 23h 38m2 stops C$ 408 Find Deal Mon, 5 Feb - Mon, 12 Feb 6:00 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.YQG-CUN 19h 00m2 stops 10:40 a.m. - 8:53 a.m.CUN-YQG 22h 13m2 stops C$ 442Air Canada Find Deal Mon, 18 Dec - Mon, 25 Dec 6:00 p.m. - 3:45 p.m.YQG-CUN 21h 45m2 stops 2:44 p.m. - 5:23 p.m.CUN-YQG 26h 39m2 stops C$ 447 Find Deal Mon, 15 Jan - Tue, 30 Jan 9:40 a.m. - 11:25 a.m.YQG-CUN 25h 45m2 stops 5:45 p.m. - 5:23 p.m.CUN-YQG 23h 38m2 stops C$ 468 Find Deal Fri, 2 Feb - Fri, 9 Feb 9:40 a.m. - 8:55 p.m.YQG-CUN 11h 15m1 stop 10:05 p.m. - 5:23 p.m.CUN-YQG 19h 18m1 stop C$ 501Air Canada Find Deal Mon, 5 Feb - Mon, 12 Feb 4:50 p.m. - 8:40 p.m.YQG-CUN 3h 50mdirect 11:45 a.m. - 3:20 p.m.CUN-YQG 3h 35mdirect C$ 822Sunwing Airlines Find Deal Mon, 18 Dec - Mon, 25 Dec 4:50 p.m. - 8:40 p.m.YQG-CUN 3h 50mdirect 11:45 a.m. - 3:20 p.m.CUN-YQG 3h 35mdirect C$ 1,008Sunwing Airlines Find Deal Mon, 12 Feb - Mon, 19 Feb Show more results Flights from Windsor to Cancún - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Windsor to Cancún to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Windsor, Ontario to Cancún? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Windsor, Ontario to Cancún, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Windsor, Ontario to Cancún is September, where tickets cost C$ 642 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are May and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 1,045 and C$ 928 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Windsor, Ontario to Cancún? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Windsor, Ontario to Cancún, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Windsor, Ontario to Cancún, you should book around 3 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 62 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Windsor to Cancún? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Windsor to Cancún found on KAYAK was with Flair Airlines for C$ 107. Flair Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from C$ 290 and Air Canada from C$ 600. Which airlines fly direct between Windsor, Ontario and Cancún? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Windsor, Ontario to Cancún. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Windsor, Ontario to Cancún. They are Flair Airlines and Sunwing Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is Flair Airlines, with the best deal found costing C$ 153. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Windsor, Ontario and Cancún per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Windsor, Ontario and lands in Cancún, with an average flight time of 4h 10m. The most common departure time is 4:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 2 flights. How long does a flight from Windsor to Cancún take? A direct flight to Cancún will take on average 3h 50m to travel the 3,842 km flying distance from Windsor. What’s the earliest departure time from Windsor to Cancun? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Windsor, Ontario at 1:15 pm and will be landing in Cancún at 5:45 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Windsor to Cancun? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Windsor, Ontario to Cancún jets off at 4:50 pm and lands at 8:40 pm. Good to know Low season May High season March Cheapest flight C$ 107 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 24% increase in price. Most popular time to fly (9% more expensive on average) Flight from Windsor to Cancún When to book flights from Windsor to Cancún Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Windsor to Cancún based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Windsor to Cancun Which airports will I be using when flying from Windsor to Cancún? Windsor airport is called Windsor and the only airport in Cancún is Cancun. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Windsor to Cancun? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Windsor to Cancun flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Windsor to Cancun? You can catch a direct flight from Windsor to Cancun on on Monday, and Tuesday. Which is the best airline for flights from Windsor to Cancún, Air Canada or Sunwing Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Windsor to Cancún are Air Canada and Sunwing Airlines. With an average price for the route of C$ 856 and an overall rating of 7.1, Air Canada is the most popular choice. Sunwing Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 893 and an overall rating of 6.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Windsor to Cancun? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Windsor to Cancun. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Windsor to Cancun? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Cancun from Windsor is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Windsor to Cancun? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Cancun with an airline and back to Windsor with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Windsor to Cancun? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Cancun from Windsor up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Windsor to Cancun Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 153 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Windsor to Cancun? Find which airlines fly direct from Windsor to Cancun, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Windsor to Cancun Search flights Monday Sunwing Airlines Sunwing Airlines Tuesday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Cancun to Windsor Search flights Monday Sunwing Airlines Sunwing Airlines Tuesday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 3 airlines serving from Windsor to Cancún See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Windsor to Cancún. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Windsor to Cancún? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.1 Air CanadaOverall score based on 27910 reviews 64food 69entertainment 72overall 77crew 70comfort 73boarding Airline reviews Being in business class made every aspect of the flight more comfortable and convenient; boarding was faster, the space was cozier, having a pleasant inflight meal (in this case, a parsley omelette), and above all, having two checked luggages included in the upgrade from economy? It was possibly the best flight I've ever been on.Read more about Air Canada Being in business class made every aspect of the flight more comfortable and convenient; boarding was faster, the space was cozier, having a pleasant inflight meal (in this case, a parsley omelette), and above all, having two checked luggages included in the upgrade from economy? It was possibly the best flight I've ever been on. Entertainment was not working. No free snacks. Seats weren’t comfortable Snack is the same but only 1/3 size of my first leg from Halifax to Montreal(6 pieces of tuna fish). This leg only have 2 pieces of tuna fish. Do not know why. Boarding was seemless. As for the flight itself, we deiced the wings twice. Had to come back to check for mechanical issues leading to our flight arriving 3-hours late to destination. As for food choice, do not choose the pancakes as it was similar to eating sweet microwaved porridge. Check in process was absolutely horrible. I've never had such a bad experience. They were say8ng I needed to complete a form rhey didn't even know what it was or what it was for. Then another Staff member was extremely rude to me for no reason. Started almost yelling at me and told me to stand back. I was not talking loud or rude at all and she just treated me terribly. I heard her treat others with attitude as well. Another one said we needed to all get on our flights on time so they didn't have to work overtime again!! As someone who works in Healthcare where you can be mandated overtime and redeployed I found this very unprofessional and unnecessary to tell all the customers this!! It would have been nice to sit beside my husband. Some seats could have been arranged but weren’t Boarding was a breeze and the attendants at the airport were very helpful The landing was a little rough fit the size and weight of the plane we made it . Cons: "The entertainment system was lagging and the seating was tight , I got to be close and bond with my 70 year old neighbor" Cons: "The ticket I purposed did not allow for carry on / which was not clear on my confirmation when purchasing the ticket" Good flight and all but airlines are now moving away from providing anything as part of the flight which was previously included, ie in flight entertainment service or snacks. The real problem with Sunwing is that they are totally undependable. Plane was supposed to heave at 8:20 pm from Varadero to Toronto. Instead because of delays on their part, finally left at 2:30 AM Same thing happened a few days back to my family whereby they were delayed one full day. Throughout the process, no one told them anything. They found out by accident from another passenger after waiting a few hours in the hotel all for nothing Same thing happened with my daughter and husband last year with delays which caused them to miss two days of s much needed 7 days break to Aruba No matter what the cost, I will nit fly Sunwing again and also encourage friends and values to never fly this hihh highly problematic airline Edreams did not pay the airline and I had to buy another ticket to be able to travel and they still have not refunded my money Why do I have to pay $20 to leave the airport? Why do I have to pay $25 for the carry on? This was my worst travelling experiences ever. This was my second time and my last time Minimal service (no entertainment or snack) as advertised, so be prepared. Very friendly flight crew and staff. Excellent service all around Most standard features are now to be paid as extra I bought a 1-way ticket from Punta Cana home to Canada, surprise, when I got to the lineup at the airport Sunwing charges a 20 USD airport tax separately. I was told I should have known, though it is the only airline in the terminal that charges it (separately, USD only, no cards or local currency accepted). ATMs at the airport out of service, nowhere to purchase USD on-site. Local banks do not sell you USD if you don't have an account with them... Eventually I found a taxi driver to buy the currency from. Luckily I speak Spanish and am comfortable in the country on my own. I was able to find a solution as the Nexus greeter for Sunwing offered no help. Other Sunwing team members and flight crew I met later were much more helpful when I could not complete self-check-in (flying with carry-on only) as all the seats were locked and apparently could only be assigned at the desk (despite the greeter telling me to use the self-check-in). Due to the onboard check on system malfunction, we were getting conflicting messages about the flight status. Found it very interesting that kayak gave us updates before the Sunwing app or representatives did. Was not allowed to board because my KAYAK purchased ticket was declined / invalidated. DO NOT USE KAYAK. Cramped seats, no in-flight entertainment. Basic A to B transportation. Staff were fantastic. Like riding a school bus in the sky. Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration Air Canada7.1 Sunwing Airlines6.6 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Windsor to Cancun Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Windsor to Cancún found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 5/12Tue directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYQG-CUN C$ 79 Search 5/12Tue 2 stopsAir Canada 12h 30mYQG-CUN C$ 260 Search 5/12Tue 1 stopAir Canada 24h 45mYQG-CUN C$ 287 Search 10/3Sun 1 stop 27h 20mYQG-CUN C$ 316 Search 10/3Sun 2 stopsAir Canada 19h 00mYQG-CUN C$ 325 Search Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesAir Canada Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 260 or lessC$ 290 or lessC$ 320 or lessC$ 330 or less Last minute flights from Windsor to Cancún Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Windsor to Cancún that are departing in the next 10 days. 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 10h 35mYQG-CUN 7/12Thu multi-stopAir Canada 10h 48mCUN-YQG C$ 521 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 24h 45mYQG-CUN 7/12Thu multi-stopAir Canada 19h 18mCUN-YQG C$ 537 Search Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir Canada Search by priceC$ 520 or lessC$ 540 or less Windsor - Cancún Flights Departure: Windsor (YQG)Canada Destination: Cancun (CUN)Mexico Cabin classes: First Class flights to Cancún Business Class flights to Cancún Prem Econ Class flights to Cancún C$ 152 Economy Class flights to Cancún Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Windsor C$ 174Flights from Windsor, Ontario to Cancún Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Mexico » Quintana Roo » Cancún C$ 174Flights to Cancún, Cancún Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Ottawa Flights to Québec City Flights to Edmonton Flights to Halifax Flights to Thunder Bay Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Cancun flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Cancun from Windsor. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Cancun from Windsor. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.