Cheap Flights from Baltimore to Atlanta from $21 | (BWI - ATL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW BWI - ATL Find cheap flights from Baltimore to Atlanta from $21 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/14. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Atlanta These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Baltimore to Atlanta. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Baltimore to Atlanta. How much is the cheapest flight from Baltimore to Atlanta?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Baltimore to Atlanta that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:14 pm - 8:20 pmBWI-ATL 2h 06mnonstop 10:27 pm - 12:25 amATL-BWI 1h 58mnonstop $33Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 12 6:14 pm - 8:20 pmBWI-ATL 2h 06mnonstop 7:30 am - 9:23 amATL-BWI 1h 53mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Jan 9 6:25 am - 8:33 amBWI-ATL 2h 08mnonstop 9:40 pm - 11:30 pmATL-BWI 1h 50mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Tue, Dec 12 3:02 pm - 5:03 pmBWI-ATL 2h 01mnonstop 3:05 pm - 5:00 pmATL-BWI 1h 55mnonstop $40Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sat, Dec 16 6:25 am - 8:33 amBWI-ATL 2h 08mnonstop 9:05 am - 10:59 amATL-BWI 1h 54mnonstop $44 Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Wed, Jan 10 6:25 am - 8:33 amBWI-ATL 2h 08mnonstop 4:02 pm - 5:51 pmATL-BWI 1h 49mnonstop $45Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Thu, Jan 11 3:02 pm - 5:03 pmBWI-ATL 2h 01mnonstop 2:22 pm - 4:13 pmATL-BWI 1h 51mnonstop $48Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Mon, Jan 8 6:25 am - 8:33 amBWI-ATL 2h 08mnonstop 5:20 am - 10:42 amATL-BWI 5h 22m1 stop $50Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Wed, Jan 10 5:50 pm - 12:10 amBWI-ATL 6h 20m1 stop 9:30 pm - 11:19 pmATL-BWI 1h 49mnonstop $51Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 8:55 am - 2:35 pmBWI-ATL 5h 40m1 stop 9:40 pm - 11:30 pmATL-BWI 1h 50mnonstop $52Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Jan 9 Show more results Flights from Baltimore to Atlanta - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Baltimore to Atlanta to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Baltimore to Atlanta? The average price of all flights from Baltimore to Atlanta clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Baltimore to Atlanta, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Sunday is the most expensive. Flying from Atlanta back to Baltimore, the best deals are generally found on Tuesday, with Monday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Baltimore to Atlanta? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Baltimore to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Baltimore to Atlanta is January, where tickets cost $99 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are November and May, where the average cost of tickets is $217 and $198 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Baltimore to Atlanta? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Baltimore to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Baltimore to Atlanta, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Baltimore to Atlanta? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Baltimore to Atlanta were found on Frontier ($33) and Spirit Airlines ($39). Spirit Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $21. Which airlines fly most frequently between Baltimore and Atlanta? Baltimore and Atlanta are connected by different airlines. The airlines that fly that route the most regularly are Southwest (7 flights per day), Delta (5 flights per day), and Spirit Airlines (one flight per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Baltimore and Atlanta? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Baltimore to Atlanta. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Baltimore to Atlanta. They are: Delta, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $37 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Baltimore and Atlanta per day? Each day, there are between 11 and 18 nonstop flights that take off from Baltimore and land in Atlanta, with an average flight time of 2h 03m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 100 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Baltimore and Atlanta? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Baltimore to Atlanta take? Direct flights cover the 576 miles separating Baltimore to Atlanta in about 2h 01m. What’s the earliest departure time from Baltimore to Atlanta? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Baltimore at 6:00 am and will be landing in Atlanta at 8:08 am. What’s the latest departure time from Baltimore to Atlanta? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Baltimore to Atlanta jets off at 10:25 pm and lands at 12:25 am. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $21 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 22% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 10% lower on average. Flight from Baltimore to Atlanta When to book flights from Baltimore to Atlanta Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Baltimore to Atlanta based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Baltimore to Atlanta What parking options are available at Baltimore Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI)? There are several parking options available at BWI including hourly and daily parking in the airport's garage, as well as economical long-term parking lots. A shuttle service to and from the main terminal is available for all parking options. Additionally, off-site parking options with shuttle service are also available for travelers who prefer to park off the airport grounds. What amenities are available for people with reduced mobility at Baltimore Marshall Airport (BWI)? BWI offers a courtesy shuttle service equipped with wheelchair lifts and accessible parking spaces in all parking garages and surface lots. In addition, the airport provides accessible restrooms. BWI Marshall also has a TSA checkpoint designed specifically for passengers with disabilities, which features a separate screening lane and a walkthrough metal detector. Where can I relax at Baltimore Marshall Airport as I await departure? There is a meditation room located in Concourse E at BWI. The meditation room offers a peaceful, quiet space for travelers to relax, reflect, and meditate. The room is open 24/7 and features comfortable chairs, soft lighting, and a calming atmosphere. Can I rent a car at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport? Yes. Car rental companies such as Enterprise, Avis, Alamo, and Hertz provide rental car services in ATL. The airport's rental car center is accessible via the SkyTrain﻿, which runs from the terminal to the rental car center every three minutes. You can visit the individual rental car company's websites or make any inquires at the airport's information desk upon arrival. Are the onsite hotels at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport? Yes. If you anticipate arriving in Atlanta late, consider staying at the Renaissance Concourse Atlanta Airport Hotel. It is the only hotel located on the airport property, and it provides guests with easy access to nearby attractions. This will give you a relaxed flight without worrying about how you will connect to your accommodation. Which nearby cities can I get to from Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport? ATL airport is located in Atlanta, Georgia, and there are many nearby cities and destinations that can be easily reached from the airport. Some nearby cities include College Park, East Point, Forest Park, and Union City. Additionally, with the airport's convenient location near major interstate highways, it is possible to reach other major cities such as Birmingham, Alabama, Chattanooga, Tennessee, and Greenville, South Carolina. Is it possible to fly from Baltimore to Atlanta nonstop? Yes, you will find that most flights from Baltimore/Washington International Airport to Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport are nonstop flights. Flights operating this route are operated by airlines such as Delta and Spirit Airlines. What is a quick way to get from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport to the city center? You can use the MARTA train, which has a station located at the west end of the airport and has trains that can get you to downtown Atlanta in roughly 20min. Rental cars are also convenient and affordable options, which have offices onsite that can be found at the Rental Car Center right outside baggage claim. Are there any facilities for travelers with disabilities at Atlanta International Airport? You will find that all the terminals are equipped with wheelchair-accessible pathways, and restrooms are ADA compliant. The airport is fully equipped with service relief areas for passengers traveling with service dogs, which can be found at each concourse, as well as a dog park located at the ground transportation area. Does Atlanta International Airport offer facilities for families? You will find that the airport has a nursing station, which can provide a safe and private space for nursing mothers and for infants who require diaper changes. You will also find a number of restaurants on-site for families looking to grab a meal before leaving the airport. Do I need a passport to fly between Baltimore and Atlanta? A passport is not required to fly from Baltimore to Atlanta. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Baltimore to Atlanta? Delta, Cape Air, American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, and JetBlue offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Baltimore to Atlanta flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Baltimore to Atlanta? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Baltimore to Atlanta flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Baltimore to Atlanta? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Baltimore and Atlanta. On which days can I fly direct from Baltimore to Atlanta? There are nonstop flights from Baltimore to Atlanta on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Baltimore to Atlanta, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Baltimore to Atlanta are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $198 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $457 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Baltimore to Atlanta? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Baltimore to Atlanta. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Baltimore to Atlanta? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Atlanta from Baltimore is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Baltimore to Atlanta? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Atlanta with an airline and back to Baltimore with another airline. Booking your flights between Baltimore and ATL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Baltimore to Atlanta? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Atlanta from Baltimore up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from BWI to Atlanta Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $50 or less one-way and $133 or less round-trip. If you have some extra time at Baltimore Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI) before your flight, consider visiting the Thurgood Marshall Tribute, which is close to the Observation Gallery. This memorial honors the life of Thurgood Marshall and his outstanding accomplishments and contributions to American history. Travelers departing from BWI airport can check out a number of art exhibits and galleries located throughout the airport, including near gates D-5, the observation gallery, and at the departure level adjacent to door 10. Business travelers flying to Atlanta do not have to look far for good business facilities. ATL provides several business and conference facilities throughout the terminal for business travelers to use. These facilities include conference rooms, meeting spaces, and workstations. The Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI), commonly referred to as BWI Marshall, is located in Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is approximately 9 miles south of downtown Baltimore and roughly 30 miles northeast of Washington, D.C. If you want to reach the airport using public transportation, you can use the Line 75 bus, which can get you there in around 26min. You could also use the Tram Light Rail link, which takes around 30min on the rails. Alternatively, you could catch a cab, which takes around 14min to get to BWI. Your flight will land at the Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport, which can be found in the unincorporated areas of Fulton and Clayton Counties and serves the Atlanta, Georgia region. The airport is approximately 7 miles south of downtown Atlanta, and a personal vehicle can get you there in around 13min. If you would prefer to get to the city center of Atlanta from Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport using public transport, there are a few options available for you to consider. You can use the MARTA train, which conveniently has a station that can be found at the west end of the airport and has trains that can get you to downtown Atlanta in roughly 20min. You could also choose to travel using the airport shuttle—the buses are found outside the domestic terminal section and take around 30min to get to the city. As you await your transportation before heading into the city, there are a few amenities at Atlanta International Airport, which you can take full advantage of. The airport is fully equipped with service animal relief areas, which can be found in each concourse as well as a dog park located at the ground transportation area. The airport is also fitted with EV charging stations ideal for passengers with electric vehicles and can be found on the ground floor of the domestic terminals. If you are looking to fly to Atlanta for business, the Atlanta International Airport is a convenient airport as it is known for being among the most efficient in the country, and is in close proximity to the business district. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Baltimore/Washington to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson? Find which airlines fly direct from Baltimore/Washington to Hartsfield-Jackson, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Baltimore/Washington to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Baltimore/Washington Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Baltimore to Atlanta See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Baltimore to Atlanta. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Baltimore to Atlanta? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29954 reviews 75food 78comfort 85crew 81overall 81boarding 78entertainment Airline reviews Cons: "The crew was overly aggressive with mask policy enforcement. They patrolled the aisles and routine pointed at passengers directing them in a hostile manner to keep their masks on their faces, even when they were trying to eat or drink. They also threatened customers by stating it was a federal law several times. It was very uncomfortable to say the least. I will not fly delta again by choice."Read more about Delta Cons: "The crew was overly aggressive with mask policy enforcement. They patrolled the aisles and routine pointed at passengers directing them in a hostile manner to keep their masks on their faces, even when they were trying to eat or drink. They also threatened customers by stating it was a federal law several times. It was very uncomfortable to say the least. I will not fly delta again by choice." Pros: "Delta crew is always great." Cons: "You need to update ALL of your planes to have charging at EVERY seat, not just the passengers in comfort plus or better. It’s 2019. We ALL have devices." Pros: "Crew was great as always. Friendly and professional" Cons: "We had a delay that complicated our getting home but all ended up OK" Pros: "Even though the flight was delayed by a few minutes we still arrived on time." Pros: "First time flying into Daytona and it was super easy." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "The crew was wonderful, the flight was on time." Cons: "But the seats are so tight that we were definitely elbow to elbow and once seated I was unable to access even the purse that was at my feet. There was no entertainment and the tray table was tiny, not even an indentation for a cup!" Cons: "Hassel about getting a visa to Cambodia. Refused to give me a boarding pass for 2nd and 3 rf leg of trip. Korean Air had no problems giving me yhe passes. Otter people had Delta boarding passes shivh they traded for Korran Aiir passes but the got better seats. Food was very good" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Wouldn’t let us take our carry-on because they had overbooked and had no more room in overhead. Delayed our first flight and then our connecting flight left *early*. (If you know you have customers with short connections, why leave early to make their connections even shorter?) Then told us they would not pay for our hotel since it wasn’t their fault. Gave us a “discount” with a nearby hotel that was more expensive than what you could book it for online. Had to wait several hours for them to get us back the carry-on luggage that they insisted we check in the first place." Pros: "I had the opportunity to send my carry on to the final destination. The flight was overbooked and there was no place to put carry on on the top place." Cons: "I did not have the chance to choose my seat. I traveled sandwiched by two overweighted guys. I was holding my arms and was literally compressed by the gentlemen. Horrible experience. If I had the chance to choose my seat I would pick the corridor, and had a little less embarrassment and sweating." Pros: "Flights were on time boarding was easy. 2nd crew from ATLANTA was friendly." Cons: "The foldable snack tray was broken on the flight to ATL." Pros: "The crew was very pleasant and the flight was comfortable." Cons: "Lots of delays and sometimes confusing communications from the airlines about departure times." Cons: "I don’t understand the concept of the ability to use your mobile device for entertainment, yet not having a power source to charge your device." Pros: "Nice seats with plenty of leg room. Friendly crew. Smooth flight." Pros: "Ummm . . . the colors?" Cons: "10 years ago, American was a great airline. It has just gone down and down. The flight attendants are miserable, grabbing things out of your hand when they come to collect stuff before landing. No smiles, no grace. The plane was old, but also poorly cleaned between flights, so the bathrooms on our LAX-Atlanta flight smelled of urine from minute 1--you can imagine how they smelled by the time we landed. There was trash in my seat-back pocket when I took my seat. Supposedly food was available for purchase, but I couldn't activate the food menu, only the drinks menu, on my little seatback screen, so I just waited until I got to Atlanta to eat." Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "Old plane, prezels are boring, it was cold during the flight" Pros: "Crew was great..." Cons: "Nothing really off...just wish there were outlets for recharging devices. Thanks!" Pros: "Fast and much more efficient than the previous leg of our trip" Cons: "Missed flight in DFW. All other flights full. Had to reroute thru Miami" Pros: "One of the flight attendants was nice." Cons: "AA is now trying to save money (presumably) by doing like Delta: forcing half of us to connect in Charlotte. Unfortunately, the Charlotte airport is not ready to accommodate so many people. The airport looks like it is being renovated, which is fine, but there is no tape/cones to mark off the renovated areas from the walkways. You literally walk through dirt and construction sites. I didn't even think that was legal in the US?! Anyway, maybe it will be worth it once the renovations are complete, especially if AA is going to use it as a hub." Pros: "The flight attendants were very courteous." Cons: "Seats are way too close together. I am 6’ tall and if I wasn’t sitting with my rear pressed against the back of the seat, my knees were jammed into the seat in front of me. Zero elbow room. I’m fairly skinny and still thank god I had the aisle seat because with arms at my sides, my shoulders touched the small woman next to me and stuck into the aisle so that when the drink cart came by I had to physically lean toward the windows to get out of the way. No entertainment unless paid for, which is fine, except that the flight attendant and the announcements both stated that at least a movie was included. Outdated jet. No where to charge anything. Couldn’t work on my computer because to type, my elbow took up most of the other persons seat." Pros: "Quiet flight." Cons: "Our luggage didn’t make it to us in its entirety." Cons: "Heading from BWI to Newark to Boston on 9/29 on United. There were delays at Newark airport which lasted about an hour, and meant that we would be super tight getting in for our connecting flight. We had been told ahead of the departure of the delayed flight that there would be someone on the ground at Newark monitoring the delayed connecting flights, in case a flight needed to be held. Well, we actually landed about 15 minutes before our connecting flight was due to take off. However, we quickly found out that not only were the gates closed early, but the flight tracker was showing the flight had actually left early. There was clearly no communication between on the ground crews, and everyone working at the airport once we landed seemed confused about the situation. By the time we got within eyeshot of our gate, the gate agents were telling us that the Boston flight was already closed. This meant that no one was even monitoring the situation for us, and that they made no effort to hold the plane for the five of us who were supposed to be on that flight. Additionally, that was the last flight to Boston from Newark, so they literally didn't give one iota of care for our situation. I had a 10am wedding to attend that next day, and even after telling the agent this information she still asked me whether I wanted to get on a 10:38am flight to Boston, which made exactly zero sense. After all of this, she ended up getting me on a flight into manchester (that flight had been delayed for 3 hours by this time, and was delayed again after I was booked on it) which landed at 1:24am, a full two hours and some change after I would have landed in Boston, and a full hour away from Boston. Luckily, my boyfriend had his car and was able to pick me up. I finally got to Boston around 2:45am. My suggestion to the airport crews is to actually communicate when you have issues like this. It wasn't our fault, but we were greatly inconvenienced and they did not make an effort to prevent the situation at all. Adding to this, our pilot for that first flight told us that the reason for the first delay was that Newark was congested with too many flights into and out of the airport. THAT is entirely their fault for not being able to properly gauge their own capacity and should not have ended up inconveniencing passengers! I end all this with an additional inconvenience- when I arrived for my flight on Sunday at 4:40am for a 5:55am flight back to DC, I was told that my return flight had been CANCELED. Somehow, in rebooking me on the flight to Manchester. So I had to spend 30 minutes on the phone with United to get that fixed at 5 in the morning and nearly missed my return flight due to crew incompetence as well." Pros: "Everything went good. Crew was professional, flight was on time" Pros: "Direct flight to O'Hare. On-time departure and arrival. Clean, efficient" Cons: "No extra creature comforts." Pros: "The flight wasn't too packed." Cons: "My husband and I flew from Newark to Atlanta on 03/12/2017 with United. My husband is active duty military and Alicia assisted us with checking in our baggage. She was very kind and helpful. After retrieving our tickets, we went through Security and my goodness, the process at Newark is awful and TSA WAS EXTREMELY RUDE. That's besides the point. Our flight was delayed because the pilot was not there. Our departure was at 0605 and we didn't leave until 0630. Everyone boarded the plane and we were waiting for the pilot. Then the crew members were pretty rude and not friendly. I know it's an early bird flight but jeez, they can be a little nicer. One stewardess had high heel boots and literally would stomp up and down the aisle. Then she kept saying my purse was not under my seat which it clearly was. I don't know where else she'd like me to put it, maybe in the passengers seat in front of me. I would probably not fly United unless I have no other choice." Pros: "All was handled beautifully!! Great flight and we arrived early!!" Pros: "On board entertainment was great." Cons: "For the second flight in a row, our flight was over 2 1/2 hours late. In fact, this flight was three hours late, including the maintenance issues that cropped up once we were all boarded. This came after a 2 1/2 hour wait due to a different maintenance issue with the plane. The gate attendant was extremely uneducated regarding the issue, and how long it would take to resolve. For over an hour, he told us that the plane was taxiing from the hanger. Assuming the hanger was at the same airport we were, I seriously doubt this was the case." Cons: "The plane was full I was given a seat assignment. Why was it when I got to my seat a child was sitting in the seat and the flight attendant states "oh I was handling that we need to get u a seat of hers one sit here" at the back off the plane by the restroom and food area. It maybe good for staff but I paid almost $300 for a tkt to be told oh here a seat sit here. No accommodation was made for the seating switch . No I was not looking for first or business class just to be asked would have been nice" Cons: "4 hr delay on the flight, terrible experience never flying with United again." Beware that when flying into Atlanta with Frontier, you will wait for your checked bag for a full hour after arriving at the gate! Do NOT recommend Frontier if Atlanta is your final destination! Pros: "It was a newer plane, clean, staff was very courteous. There was not any entertainment and I did not purchase any food items. Over all it was my first flight on Frontier and it was fantastic." Pros: "The crew personnel aboard the plane was friendly and the seats confortable." Cons: "They made me pay $45 for a 16 inches carry on back that I have as my only luggage , because according to the counter employee, my handbag (purse) was too big so it was considered as a second carry on. I requested a waiver, because I’m an Army Veteran, a senior citizen, but it was denied by the counter employee." Cons: "I did not make the flight due to unclear announcements." Pros: "fast boarding for my zone" Cons: "the flight attendants on this flight had a lot of attitude straight away, one in particular. was rude to several passengers at boarding and deplaning. it was a redeye, but they kept the overhead light on the entire flight and talked at top volume for the entire time. no one in the rows around me slept because of this." Cons: "They held us for two hours on the plane because their paper work was wrong, the flight attendants were rude and made everyone uncomfortable" Pros: "The price. Nothing super bad." Cons: "Delay leaving due to a door sensor. Got in an hour late, which was annoying. Limited, expensive menu anyway, but was out of what I wanted (jerky). Biggest complaint is the seats not reclining-that's really uncomfortable for a 3 hour flight.2nd biggest complaint is that having to pay for my seat and 1 carry on feels like a bait and switch over the ticket price." Pros: "New plane, clean. Friendly crew" Cons: "No frills, minimal comfort, a cup of water is free. Why do they still tell you to bring your seat back up when they don't even redline anymore?" Pros: "Flight cancelled the day before it was due. Ended up costing me and additional $800 to book an alternate flight at the last minute. Won't choose frontier ever again." Cons: "They would not allow my emotional support animal on the flight even though she weighs four pounds and I had all of her documents. The flight was 10 hours late taking off. Myself, friends and family will never fly Frontier again. Truly disappointed. I had to leave my animal (dog) in Denver with friends." Cons: "Everything was on time. The plain was clean and the crew was very good!" Cons: "Kiosk did not function well. No attendant to assist. Long agent assistance line. $55 for a carry on bag!!" Pros: "They were on time." Cons: "Feel like they charge you for everything. Luggage is 45.00 for one piece and there is not any free beverage service. The seats don’t recline and there is no leg room." Cons: "They charged so much for my carry on I have to pay $114.00 I never pay that much." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Every service. It's the worst airlines ever. Will never choose in future. They are bussy doing day light robbery on carryon luggage" Cons: "Having to pay for EVERYTHING little thing!! First and LAST time traveling with Spirit!" Cons: "1. Deceptive pricing schemes in booking flights/bags 2. Setting traps for customers in fine print where it's our "fault" for neglecting to read every line so that when we arrive at the airport we have no choice but to pay ridiculous prices in order to proceed onto the flight. 3. Low availability of food/drink options from the menu announced at the start of the flight. My menu was heavily stained and sticky. 4. Poor air circulation made it difficult to breathe the whole flight. 5. Cramped cabin with loud passengers made for a disruptive and nauseating atmosphere. 6. Carnival-like harangue at the end of the flight about "discounts" lasted over 15 minutes, was way too loud on the speaker systems (I couldn't hear my friend speaking next to me), and insulted us personally for being stupid in paying the "full" prices. 7. I'm filing a complain with the FAA." Pros: "Pre flight boarding staff were competent" Cons: "Very cramped seating and I am a small /average sized woman. Very long pre check wait. Staff seemed to have difficulty placating frustrated people. Seemed understaffed. We were worried about missing our Flight. Dirty /grimy window" Pros: "I like it because the pilot fly fast lol" Cons: "The chairs is so tight compared with other air lines" Cons: "I got to the gate at 12:15 and they had already closed the doors. Off my luggage went and I had to pay $750 for a flight on another airline the same day. After talking to the gate rep and "ensuring" that my return flight was secure I left. Showed up for my return flight and they had CANCELLED!!!!!" Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Baltimore to Atlanta Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Baltimore to Atlanta found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/14Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 03mBWI-ATL $21 Search 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 01mBWI-ATL $24 Search 12/11Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 02mBWI-ATL $29 Search 2/24Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 55mBWI-ATL $30 Search 1/25Thu nonstopDelta 2h 04mBWI-ATL $59 Search 12/16Sat nonstopDelta 2h 12mBWI-ATL $99 Search 4/19Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 3h 26mBWI-ATL $169 Search 12/9Sat 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 9h 00mBWI-ATL $307 Search 1/25Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 15h 54mBWI-ATL $313 Search 1/6Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 17h 41mBWI-ATL $367 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$20 or less$30 or less$100 or less$310 or less$370 or less Last minute flights from Baltimore to Atlanta Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Baltimore to Atlanta that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 08mBWI-ATL 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 50mATL-BWI $39 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 05mBWI-ATL 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 50mATL-BWI $52 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 33mBWI-ATL 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 50mATL-BWI $64 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 59mBWI-ATL 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 16mATL-BWI $65 Search 12/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 02mBWI-ATL 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 50mATL-BWI $66 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 01mBWI-ATL 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 58mATL-BWI $71 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 06mBWI-ATL 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 1h 58mATL-BWI $91 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 01mBWI-ATL 12/11Mon nonstopFrontier 1h 56mATL-BWI $103 Search 12/2Sat multi-stop 5h 48mBWI-ATL 12/8Fri nonstop 1h 58mATL-BWI $104 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 01mBWI-ATL 12/8Fri nonstopFrontier 1h 56mATL-BWI $114 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontier Search by price$50 or less$70 or less$70 or less$100 or less$110 or less Baltimore - Atlanta Flights Departure: Baltimore (BWI)United States Destination: Atlanta (ATL)United States Return flight deals: Atlanta - Baltimore Cabin classes: $594 First Class flights to Atlanta $745 Business Class flights to Atlanta $551 Prem Econ Class flights to Atlanta $44 Economy Class flights to Atlanta Browse origins: Flights » United States » Maryland » Baltimore $38Flights from Baltimore to Atlanta Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $38Flights to Atlanta, Atlanta Compare transportation modes for Baltimore to Atlanta Average price Average duration Flights $721 2h 01m Trains $262 15h 28m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Atlanta flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Atlanta from Baltimore. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Atlanta from Baltimore. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.