Cheap Flights from Toronto Island to Newark Airport from C$ 147 | (YTZ - EWR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YTZ - EWR Find cheap flights from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport from C$ 147 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 24/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Newark Liberty Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Newark, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Newark, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Toronto Island to Newark?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Toronto Island to Newark that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:00 p.m. - 1:30 p.m.YTZ-EWR 1h 30mdirect 1:10 p.m. - 2:55 p.m.EWR-YTZ 1h 45mdirect C$ 180Porter Airlines Find Deal Wed, 20 Dec - Mon, 25 Dec 10:00 a.m. - 11:30 a.m.YTZ-EWR 1h 30mdirect 2:10 p.m. - 3:50 p.m.EWR-YTZ 1h 40mdirect C$ 184Porter Airlines Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 3:00 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.YTZ-EWR 1h 30mdirect 7:50 a.m. - 9:30 a.m.EWR-YTZ 1h 40mdirect C$ 186Porter Airlines Find Deal Sun, 24 Dec - Mon, 1 Jan 3:00 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.YTZ-EWR 1h 30mdirect 12:10 p.m. - 1:50 p.m.EWR-YTZ 1h 40mdirect C$ 187Porter Airlines Find Deal Sun, 24 Dec - Sun, 31 Dec 3:00 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.YTZ-EWR 1h 30mdirect 6:50 a.m. - 8:30 a.m.EWR-YTZ 1h 40mdirect C$ 189Porter Airlines Find Deal Thu, 21 Dec - Sun, 24 Dec 2:10 p.m. - 5:40 p.m.YTZ-EWR 3h 30m1 stop 1:10 p.m. - 2:55 p.m.EWR-YTZ 1h 45mdirect C$ 190Porter Airlines Find Deal Tue, 19 Dec - Mon, 25 Dec 2:00 p.m. - 3:30 p.m.YTZ-EWR 1h 30mdirect 6:50 a.m. - 8:30 a.m.EWR-YTZ 1h 40mdirect C$ 191Porter Airlines Find Deal Tue, 19 Dec - Sun, 24 Dec 3:00 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.YTZ-EWR 1h 30mdirect 2:10 p.m. - 5:53 p.m.EWR-YTZ 3h 43m1 stop C$ 192Porter Airlines Find Deal Sat, 23 Dec - Mon, 25 Dec 10:25 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.YTZ-EWR 4h 35m1 stop 3:40 p.m. - 7:56 p.m.EWR-YTZ 4h 16m1 stop C$ 197Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 21 Dec - Mon, 25 Dec 11:25 a.m. - 3:13 p.m.YTZ-EWR 3h 48m1 stop 3:40 p.m. - 7:56 p.m.EWR-YTZ 4h 16m1 stop C$ 209Air Canada Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Sat, 17 Feb Show more results Flights from Toronto Island to Newark - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Toronto Island to Newark to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Island Airport to Newark Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Island Airport to Newark Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Island Airport to Newark Airport is January, where tickets cost C$ 250 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are August and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 361 and C$ 345 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Island Airport to Newark Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Island Airport to Newark Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Island Airport to Newark Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 73 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for C$ 244 on Porter Airlines, followed by Air Canada (C$ 267). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as C$ 147 on Porter Airlines and from C$ 162 on Air Canada. Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Island Airport and Newark Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Island Airport to Newark Airport. There is just one airline that flies from Toronto Island Airport to Newark Airport direct and that is Porter Airlines. The best one-way deal found from Porter Airlines for the route is C$ 210. How many flights are there between Toronto Island Airport and Newark Airport per day? Each day, there are between 5 and 12 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Island Airport and land in Newark Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 30m. The most common departure time is 5:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 66 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Monday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Island Airport and Newark Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport take? A direct flight to Newark Liberty Airport will take on average 1h 30m to travel the 868 km flying distance from Toronto Island. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Island Airport at 6:45 am and will be landing in Newark Airport at 8:15 am. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Island Airport to Newark Airport jets off at 7:25 pm and lands at 8:55 pm. Good to know Low season January High season December Cheapest flight C$ 147 Best time to beat the crowds (13% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (2% more expensive on average) Flight from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport When to book flights from Toronto Island to Newark Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Toronto Island to Newark based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport flights Can passengers with mobility limitations receive assistance at Newark Liberty Airport? Yes, airlines from Toronto to EWR, including United Airlines, American Airlines, and Delta Air Lines, among others, provide assistance to passengers with disabilities. This includes wheelchair assistance, boarding, and de-boarding assistance, as well as help navigating the airport. Are there alternative airports in the Toronto Island area? Yes, Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) is a great alternative airport in Toronto Island. It serves as a hub for many airlines, offering a wide range of flight options for easier scheduling. In addition, the airport is ideal for travelers coming from the nearby city of Mississauga. How do I get from Newark Liberty Airport to downtown? There are a few options to get from Newark Liberty Airport to downtown. You can take a taxi, which will take approximately 30-40 minutes to downtown. A more affordable option would be taking the AirTrain and then transferring to a NJ Transit or Amtrak train, which can take anywhere from 25 to 45 minutes. What are the restrictions on carry-on bags for flights from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport? The carry-on restrictions for flights from Toronto Island to EWR vary depending on the airline and fare class. Porter Airlines allow passengers to bring one carry-on bag, which should not exceed 118 cm total in all three dimensions, and one personal item. Air Canada passengers are allowed one carry-on bag and one personal item that must be light enough to fit in the overhead bin. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport? United Airlines, Air Canada, and Lufthansa offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport? There are direct flights from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to Newark, Porter Airlines or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to Newark are Porter Airlines and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 322 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 513 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Newark Liberty Airport from Toronto Island is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Newark Liberty Airport with an airline and back to Toronto Island with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Newark Liberty Airport from Toronto Island up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to Newark Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 159 or less one-way and C$ 281 or less round-trip. Getting to Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport (YTZ) from downtown Toronto is relatively easy. The downtown area is just a short ferry ride away from the airport. The ferry terminal is located at the foot of Bay Street and Queens Quay, and the ride to the island takes just a few minutes. Once you arrive, there's a shuttle bus that will take you directly to the airport terminals. From Toronto Island to Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) is a considerable distance and can be a tiring journey. However, with Lufthansa or Austrian Airlines, you can enjoy a layover at London Heathrow (LHR). This will allow you to rest and refresh before you continue your journey. Opt for a layover with one of these airlines and arrive at EWR feeling refreshed. The flight route from Toronto Island to Newark Liberty International Airport contributes to around 770 kg (1,694 lbs) of CO2 emitted per person on average. This calls for eco-friendly flights to reduce the airline's carbon footprint. We recommend flying Porter Airlines, which has tried to reduce flight emissions by over 80%. If you're flying with kids, consider Porter Airlines. The airline provides pre-boarding for families traveling with children, allowing you to have early access to overhead bins and ample time to get your children comfortably seated. You can also gate-check your stroller and pick it up conveniently after landing. If you book a Lufthansa flight for your Toronto Island to Newark Liberty Airport trip, you're bound to enjoy their Lufthansa Business Lounge, located at London Heathrow (LHR). To have access to lounge services during a layover, in addition to exclusive, enhanced in-flight meals, simply book a business-class fare. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Island to Newark? Find which airlines fly direct from Toronto Island to Newark, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Island to Newark Search flights Monday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Tuesday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Wednesday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Thursday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Friday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Saturday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Sunday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Newark to Toronto Island Search flights Monday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Tuesday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Wednesday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Thursday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Friday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Saturday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Sunday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top airlines flying from Toronto Island to Newark See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Newark. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Toronto Island to Newark? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 Porter AirlinesOverall score based on 2737 reviews 78boarding 78food 83crew 68entertainment 78overall 78comfort Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was good and boarding was super efficient" Cons: "No entertain on the plane. Since when YTZ offered no more complimentary drinks and some snack?"Read more about Porter Airlines Pros: "The crew was good and boarding was super efficient" Cons: "No entertain on the plane. Since when YTZ offered no more complimentary drinks and some snack?" Cons: "The 4pm flight not leaving at 10pm. Or at least being informed that the flight was gonna be delayed before 3 pm" Pros: "I felt like I was taken advantage of by porter airlines" Cons: "They didn’t tell me I had to pay 110$ to bring on carry on luggage! Unacceptable. I will never fly porter again." Cons: "Our checked in bags did not come out on the carousel, instead they had been sitting on the ground beside another carousel - with no notification. There was a handful of us waiting 30+ mins for our bags and no one around to assist." Cons: "Delayed return flight in addition to delayed departing flight. Ruined entire schedule." Pros: "I needed to use wheelchair service and was greeted by name as I boarded the plane. The flight attendant Barry then came and told me if there was anything he could do for me during the flight just to let him know. After the flight was over Barry asked me to wait till everyone deplaned so He could make sure my wheelchair was there and then carried my bag to them. Porter airlines is top notch. I will use them again next time I go to visit my daughter." Pros: "Timeliness is very important for me. It was perfect ." Cons: "There were no food and no entertainment so can’t rate it. Should have a N/A so we can pick." Pros: "The crew was very courteous! No one bumped my arms!" Cons: "They didn’t let us know why our flight was one hour late," Pros: "My flight was delayed due to bad weather but they offered complimentary drink service at the airport and I really appreciated it. I would like to fly with Porter Airlines again." Pros: "The crew were friendly and the terminal in Toronto was nice. The food and drink service was more than I expected, and the checkin agents and terminal staff before security were helpful." Cons: "My flight arriving into Toronto was cancelled and then my rebooked flight was delayed. While checkin staff were polite, gate staff were not overly helpful and no food vouchers were offered for rebooked passengers. On my return from YTZ to EWR, I received 6 delays to my flight but staff in the airport provided no information regarding the cause of the delay and did not provide updates on the flight in a timely manner. By the time my flight was delayed a 5th time, I was stuck in the terminal. Free drinks and snacks were available, but I had to pay for a sandwich during my 3 hour wait. I have received only a C$100 travel voucher. Needless to say I won't be using it." I think I was nickel and dime how can people travel without a suit case you have to pay for your suit case extra and also Pay extra for your seat I don't understand. Lufthansa canceled flights 8/17 (3:45pmLufthansa 412 from MUC to Newark EWR)and removed them from airport info displays or past flight records as never existed That is fraud--- so it cannot be documented and refunded-after thousand of passengers were kept in a plane for 3 h and then abandoned them in Munich on 8/17 without any rescheduled flights or hotels accommodation -they try to get rid of them by sending them to air Canada or other airlines to get out of airport-rude /Nazi style customer service-intentionally left Lufthansa desk unattended by staff even thousand were standing on line for hotel vouchers that they never got. I have video and pictures I was forced to pay for taxi-double ways -hotel room and another ticket with another airline to be able to leave MUC after 24 h Lufthansa had no solution for that flight cancelation that by law they must reschedule or bring another extra plain to serve the passengers that paid the trip I documented this fiasco abuse and will be reported to USA dept of transportation and Fl customer service our state representative -my family will never use Germany as a flight option No complimentary food only water and soda. Of course seats were tight. However flight was timely and crew was pleasant and we arrived early. I sat in the airport for 11 hours for two flights to get cancelled. Air Canada did absolutely nothing to help me get meals, a place to stay, or rebook me on a reasonable flight. I was totally abandoned by Air Canada, and honestly that airline shouldn't exist. It's completely disfunctional and the only reason anyone flies AC is because there are exactly zero other good jobs. The food selections are limited and not very good. No other issues. The receptionist was very helpful in getting me to the correct checkin. I went to air Canada but it should be Inited. The seating was a little uncomfortable because I have a back issue but next time I will just get a bigger seat. Otherwise flight was awesome, landing excellent. No wifi (can you imagine) no snack on a flight from NYC to Vancouver and barely any water. Staff was rude and uninterested. Check-in was terrible. So rude in Canada. Stood in live forever to check bags (ski equipment). We will never fly them again, The check in process in Toronto Pearson is a disaster. They close their check in counter 90 min before takeoff, and you can’t print your tickets after (even if you’ve already checked in online) Air Canada is the worst airline I’ve ever used. Their systems were down so they told us to wait in line to get our bags checked, so a ton of people are waiting in line. By the time we get to the front they tell us we missed our window to check in a bag and now have to change flights. Then they send us to ANOTHER line to get our flight changed and long story short I end up going to United to buy a ticket. Never again Flights was delayed and there was no info on what's happening, how long it takes, what gate to go to etc. Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Newark Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Newark found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 24/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYTZ-EWR C$ 108 Search 3/1Wed directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYTZ-EWR C$ 109 Search 13/2Tue directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYTZ-EWR C$ 111 Search 13/12Wed directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYTZ-EWR C$ 112 Search 20/12Wed 1 stopPorter Airlines 3h 30mYTZ-EWR C$ 114 Search 10/1Wed directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYTZ-EWR C$ 115 Search 24/12Sun 1 stopAir Canada 4h 35mYTZ-EWR C$ 119 Search 27/12Wed 1 stopAir Canada 6h 19mYTZ-EWR C$ 128 Search 31/12Sun 1 stopAir Canada 4h 35mYTZ-EWR C$ 156 Search 28/1Sun 3 stops 30h 52mYTZ-EWR C$ 180 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir Canada Search by priceC$ 110 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 130 or lessC$ 180 or less Last minute flights from Toronto Island to Newark Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Newark that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 3h 30mYTZ-EWR 17/1Wed directPorter Airlines 1h 45mEWR-YTZ C$ 240 Search 5/12Tue directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYTZ-EWR 19/12Tue directPorter Airlines 1h 40mEWR-YTZ C$ 241 Search 3/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYTZ-EWR 9/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 40mEWR-YTZ C$ 246 Search 3/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYTZ-EWR 10/1Wed directPorter Airlines 1h 40mEWR-YTZ C$ 247 Search 1/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYTZ-EWR 31/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 40mEWR-YTZ C$ 248 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopPorter Airlines 3h 30mYTZ-EWR 22/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 45mEWR-YTZ C$ 249 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 6h 35mYTZ-EWR 9/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 4h 21mEWR-YTZ C$ 276 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 4h 19mYTZ-EWR 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 4h 32mEWR-YTZ C$ 360 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 4h 35mYTZ-EWR 6/12Wed multi-stopAir Canada 4h 21mEWR-YTZ C$ 383 Search 4/12Mon direct 1h 30mYTZ-EWR 6/12Wed multi-stop 13h 00mEWR-YTZ C$ 411 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir Canada Search by priceC$ 240 or lessC$ 250 or lessC$ 250 or lessC$ 360 or lessC$ 410 or less Toronto Island - Newark Liberty Airport Flights Departure: Toronto Island (YTZ)Canada Destination: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Return flight deals: Newark Liberty Airport - Toronto Island Cabin classes: First Class flights to Newark Business Class flights to Newark C$ 567 Prem Econ Class flights to Newark C$ 257 Economy Class flights to Newark Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Island C$ 244Flights from Toronto Island Airport to Newark Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport C$ 244Flights to Newark Airport, Newark Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Newark Liberty Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Newark Liberty Airport from Toronto Island. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Newark Liberty Airport from Toronto Island. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.