Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to Tokyo Haneda from $450 | (ORD - HND) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ORD - HND Find cheap flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda from $450 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/3. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Tokyo Haneda These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Tokyo. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Tokyo. How much is the cheapest flight from O'Hare Intl to Haneda?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from O'Hare Intl to Haneda that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:30 pm - 7:45 pmORD-HND 32h 15m1 stop 10:55 pm - 6:10 pmHND-ORD 34h 15m1 stop $1,083Turkish Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Tue, Jan 23 12:30 am - 8:15 pmORD-HND 29h 45m1 stop 10:50 am - 9:00 pmHND-ORD 24h 10m1 stop $1,084EVA Air Find Deal Mon, Mar 11 - Wed, Apr 24 11:35 am - 7:45 pmORD-HND 41h 10m1 stop 10:55 pm - 6:10 pmHND-ORD 34h 15m1 stop $1,086Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Wed, Jan 31 8:59 am - 4:50 pmORD-HND 16h 51m1 stop 12:50 am - 5:53 amHND-ORD 20h 03m1 stop $1,128ANA Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Tue, Feb 27 6:00 am - 10:15 pmORD-HND 25h 15m2 stops 11:30 am - 2:53 pmHND-ORD 18h 23m1 stop $1,133ANA Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Wed, Jan 31 8:47 am - 6:45 pmORD-HND 18h 58m1 stop 10:55 pm - 5:13 amHND-ORD 21h 18m1 stop $1,150United Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Thu, Jan 18 9:05 pm - 2:50 pmORD-HND 26h 45m1 stop 6:25 pm - 9:17 pmHND-ORD 17h 52m1 stop $1,155United Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 7 - Tue, Jan 23 7:11 am - 4:55 pmORD-HND 18h 44m1 stop 6:55 pm - 10:20 pmHND-ORD 18h 25m1 stop $1,160Air Canada Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Wed, Feb 7 7:11 am - 4:55 pmORD-HND 18h 44m1 stop 6:55 pm - 10:20 pmHND-ORD 18h 25m1 stop $1,197Air Canada Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Fri, Jan 19 12:30 pm - 4:45 amORD-HND 26h 15m1 stop 6:35 pm - 7:59 amHND-ORD 27h 24m1 stop $1,276Japan Airlines Find Deal Mon, Apr 1 - Fri, Apr 12 Show more results Flights from O'Hare Intl to Haneda - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from O'Hare Intl to Haneda to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport is October, where tickets cost $1,315 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,955 and $1,699 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 47 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Japan Airlines ($580) and American Airlines ($613). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Turkish Airlines ($1,083) and EVA Air ($1,084). Which airlines fly most frequently between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Tokyo Haneda? Japan Airlines connects Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda with up to 2 flights per day. ANA also offers 1 flight per day, while United Airlines follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Tokyo Haneda Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport. They are: ANA, Japan Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with ANA at $1,170 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Japan Airlines. How many flights are there between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Tokyo Haneda Airport per day? Each day, there are 4 nonstop flights that take off from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and land in Tokyo Haneda Airport, with an average flight time of 13h 36m. The most common departure time is 10:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 28 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 4. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport and Tokyo Haneda Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Tokyo Haneda from Chicago O'Hare Airport is typically 13h 35m. The journey crosses a distance of 6,286 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport at 10:20 am and will be landing in Tokyo Haneda Airport at 2:55 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport jets off at 4:25 pm and lands at 9:05 pm. Good to know Low season February High season July Cheapest flight $450 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 8% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 1% increase in price. Flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda When to book flights from O'Hare Intl to Haneda Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from O'Hare Intl to Haneda based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda flights Does HND provide financial services essential to foreign travelers? Yes. International travelers can access foreign currency services upon arrival at HND. Various facilities provide these services to passengers including Mizuho Bank in T1, Travelex in T1 and 1F, and SNJ Bank in 1 F Lobby. There are also five currency exchange offices in the International Terminal that operates daily for 24h. Which baby facilities are available at HND? Traveling mothers will appreciate landing at HND since they will access convenient facilities. The airport has nurseries with private nursing rooms, hot water dispensers, washbasins, and baby chairs. You will find them in the International Terminal at the Arrival Lobby or Entrance Plaza, T1 on 1F Arrival Lobby and 3F and 4F of T2. Are there special facilities for disabled travelers at ORD? Yes. ORD has enhanced accessibility crucial to disabled passengers. It provides special facilities such as lifts, ramps, and adapted toilets throughout its terminals. TTY telephones are available in each terminal for the hearing-impaired and the lifts have braille buttons to accommodate the blind. Which passenger-accessible lounges are available at ORD? There are several lounges at ORD airport where passengers can relax and fuel up during their downtime at the airport. They are Admirals Club operated by American Airlines on Concourse G of Terminal 1, Delta Sky Club operated by Delta Air Lines on Concourse E of Terminal 2, and Swissport Lounge in Terminal 5. The USO lounge on the mezzanine level in Terminal 2 is dedicated to military members. Do I need a passport to fly between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Tokyo Haneda? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Chicago O'Hare Airport and on arrival in Tokyo Haneda. Which airports will I be using when flying from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda? When flying out of Chicago O'Hare Airport you will be using Chicago O'Hare Intl. You will be landing at Tokyo Haneda, also known as Tokyo Haneda. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and Tokyo Haneda, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda? There are nonstop flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Chicago to Tokyo, Japan Airlines or ANA? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Chicago to Tokyo are Japan Airlines and ANA. With an average price for the route of $1,444 and an overall rating of 8.7, Japan Airlines is the most popular choice. ANA is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,520 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Tokyo Haneda from Chicago O'Hare Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Tokyo Haneda with an airline and back to Chicago O'Hare Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Chicago O'Hare Airport and HND can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Tokyo Haneda? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Tokyo Haneda from Chicago O'Hare Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ORD to Tokyo Haneda Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $685 or less one-way and $1,218 or less round-trip. O’Hare International Airport (ORD) is a suitable option for corporate travelers as it offers essential business facilities and services to business class flying passengers. Hilton O'Hare Airport situated opposite Terminals 1 and 2 has a business center providing extensive conference facilities including a ballroom, audio-visual equipment, and meeting rooms with board-style seating. You will also access computers, fax, and photocopying services in the center. Travelers can drive to ORD without worrying about where they will leave their car as they fly out since the airport has ample and secure parking facilities accessible by its travelers. If you need daily or short-term parking services, park your car at the main lots A, B and C. Passengers going on a long holiday should consider using economy lots E and G, which provide extended stay services. Family travelers will be glad to land at Haneda International Airport (HND) in Tokyo since the airport is family-friendly. It offers facilities essential to family travelers consisting of a Kid’s Lounge with a kid-friendly café, a toy shop, and a play area with a Rody slide and Rody-brand toys. It is found in Terminal 1. You can also take your kids to the children’s playground at the gates of the International Terminal. Travelers flying with their pets should consider landing at HND as the traveling animals will access essential pet facilities. The airport hosts a pet hotel designated for service animals and pets. You can take your furry friend to the facility for grooming and relieve themselves upon arrival at the pet hotel in the North Wing or Terminal 1. HND has interesting features including art exhibitions and historical structures for sightseeing, so the travelers have a memorable experience at the airport. Visit the Discovery Museum full of various art exhibitions in T2. There is also a Kitahara Collection Airport Gallery in T1 where antique and vintage toys are displayed representing toy history and nostalgia. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Chicago O'Hare Intl to Tokyo Haneda? Find which airlines fly direct from O'Hare Intl to Haneda, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Chicago O'Hare Intl to Tokyo Haneda Search Flights Monday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Thursday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Friday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Saturday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Sunday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Tokyo Haneda to Chicago O'Hare Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Thursday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Friday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Saturday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Sunday ANA, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +4 more ANA, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to Haneda See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Chicago to Tokyo. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to Haneda? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 85entertainment 88overall 86comfort 90crew 84food 89boarding Airline reviews Pros: "The experience was really good. I’ll be using JAL again." Cons: "Keep doing a good job."Read more about Japan Airlines Pros: "The experience was really good. I’ll be using JAL again." Cons: "Keep doing a good job." Pros: "The EMIRATES flight was nice. Japan airlines has good leg room." Pros: "Spacious leg room." Cons: "The food is average. Could be much better. Eg, serve eggs like omelette for Breakfast. Only one choice . The other choice could be Jap menu vi differing it’s s Japanese airline. Flew JAL 2 yrs ago too. Food was not good. Also , toilets could be cleaner. There’s always a pungent smell." Pros: "Food was great" Cons: "It’s 14h flight. I wanted more water. I had to keep asking but the size was too small... I didn’t want orange or apple juice...." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Everything. I will fly out from Narita from this point forward." Pros: "I was comfortable, Crew was pleasant and attentive. Food was really good- both meals!" Cons: "Not applicable" Pros: "Crew members on board were very attentive and offered the best service in the most polite manner. Food was great. Great options and portion for lunch. Well respected brand for ice cream was served as dessert. A wide variety of overnight snack was provided for passenger's own selection. Breakfast was great with variety of food on the tray. Personal screen was modern and provided a great variety to keep me entertain during the very long flight. Seats are unexpectedly big and very comfortable together with functional well designed pockets beside the screen, where I could put my personal items. New and clean cabin." Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "The seats were comfortable, the staff was lovely and accommodating, and the food was delicious." Cons: "The WiFi was very weak and barely connected to any website. It couldn’t connect to Netflix, but luckily the in-flight movies were okay." Pros: "I liked everything with JAL. Seats are comfortable, good food, excellent service." Pros: "Crew was very nice. They let us switch seats when my boyfriend's TV wasn't working" The airline sent a a very nice flight attendant to pick us up at the Chicago airport and walked us to the gate because the earlier flight was delayed. Then we didn't miss the flight. The customer service was amazing and outstanding! We appreciate the staff members so much! Pros: "Great service!" Cons: "More comfortable seats and headphone jacks on the end of the arm rest (I kept knocking mine out when I moved in my seat)." Pros: "Excellent service from the cabin crew." Cons: "The Japanese (Washoku) breakfast was not as good as I expected." Pros: "Crew was excellent, great Japanese culture on display, overall travel seemed much more relaxed and peaceful compared to the typical US airlines." Cons: "More western food options, better selection of tv shows for entertainment" Pros: "The crew was fantastic and the food was very nice." Cons: "It really would have been nice to have a vegetarian option!" Pros: "Crew was good. The food was good quality." Cons: "Boarding took along time and then the plane was delayed, not their fault but it made the trip less enjoyable. Manila is a poor hub." Pros: "Food and entertainment has to be better." Cons: "In Chicago, the flight was delayed for almost 4 hours which in turn made us miss our connecting flight to Jakarta. Then next flight available flight to Jakarta was 24 hours later." Pros: "The flight attendants were so nice and the food was really good." Pros: "Service was excellent, landed on time, courteous staff and good food. Good selection of movies and programs." Cons: "If the seat reclined a bit more, would be nice." Pros: "The person who checked me in at ORD found me an alternative aisle seat with an unoccupied seat next to me. Great benefit for a 12+ hour flight. Very thoughtful." Cons: "We left late." Pros: "The service was outstanding! All of the flight attendants were amazing!" Pros: "Crew was super nice and the food was good (for plane food)! Really appreciated that they had snacks and chocolate on hand for hungry passengers throughout the flight. A 17 hour plane ride is never the best, but Singapore Air made it as pleasant as possible. Also, we booked on Kayak and was routed through a third party vendor JustFly, which I was a little worried about - but our booking went off without a hitch." Pros: "Crew were helpful and attended to any needs that we requested. As I am a big person the seat is never that comfortable but Singapore Airlines seating is more spacious than other companies I have flown with." Cons: "The food was not too attractive, better variety of main meals" Cons: "The seat covers looked worn and dirty. Needs an upgrade." Pros: "I didn't like the trip much. After the trip we found out that our body was bitten by fleas. Our body is now full of rashes, every part of my body is so itchy. We was seated in 61A and 61C, seems like in the previous flight a dog was sitting there or some kind of animal that left fleas in the sit." Cons: "Please clean better the seats. This is unacceptable, not a good way to start a trip in Japan. We only hope to get better sitting in our last flight with SQ, from Japan to LA." Cons: "Cramped seats, no leg room, horrible food, stupid COLD snack!" Pros: "The crews on board were amazing!" Cons: "The service from the ground staffs are not as good a the crews onboard." Pros: "As a frequent flyer, I have found out that the few dollars i spend more on SQ is well worth it" Pros: "Basics are covered. TV screen is big but otherwise nothing special." Cons: "It is so annoying they want you to pay an extra $20 to pre book any seat. If you need the extra $20 that much, charge me in the original fare! Don't nickel and dime me. At check in they couldn't even get my child seated beside me although a change was made last minute at the gate. Every other airline I've flown recently was better. Sri Lankan and Emirates FAR better service." Pros: "Easy red eye flight, just slept the whole way" Cons: "Singapore airline is always awesome. Crew professional and very caring" Pros: "The crew was exceptional! They were very friendly and helpful. The food was much better than I expected. The overall experience was great!" Cons: "The airline went on strike and I have to go through the process of disputing the charges since I had no airplane to board. Really caused a problem since it was a international trip." Cons: "A better selection of movies and a bit more legroom." Pros: "Crew was super nice . Food from Chicago to Taipei was not good but from Taipei to Osaka delicious. Not enough room for man like me 6'2" in Boeing 777 better in 787 ." Cons: "Look above" Pros: "The premium economy seat was pretty comfortable, and much better than those I have experienced in economy on other airlines, the food was really very good, the plane was very clean, the crew very professional, take off and arrival were both on time." Cons: "No complaints." Pros: "Never heard of Eva air, highly recommend. The plane itself was very comfortable, many amenities provided. Staff was very friendly and helpful." Pros: "Economy very comfortable. Flight attendants gracious and accomodating. Lots of entertainment options. I dreaded this long flight but it could not have been more pleasant. Even the food was good! We were offered drinks about once an hour which I really appreciate." Pros: "Courteous crew ever, food was good, service was excellent. On time departure." Pros: "Very friendly and attentive flight attendants, they made the 12.5 hour flight very enjoyable. Good selection of in flight movies as well." Pros: "More entertainment selections like movies and music. Food is great too. Best of all is the free day tour for long layover in Taiwan" Cons: "Smaller leg room, rest room and space where people can stretch compared to asiana and Cathay" Delta airlines charge $ 30,oo US DOLLARS for the check in for a suitcase in the baggage hold Cons: "Given we left at 7:15 am, I would’ve liked some food options instead of biscuits and peanuts" Pros: "Kosher snacks! Thank you. Screens and outlets at every seat. Safe, controlled Covid protocols including de-boarding. Excellent!" Pros: "Delta flight took extra precaution to keep all passengers safe before during and after the flight. They communicate effectively during the flight. I will be flying Delta again and again." Cons: "The trip was great" Cons: "We arrived around 39 minutes early and the whole process was very smooth" Pros: "Flight was on time and crew helped find a place for my violin. Even though I was early to the gate, they also helped me update my seat before the new flight crew arrived." Pros: "Getting to know the crew who served me in delta one was great! Food service was done pretty quickly and good snacks available." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "We were traveling international in Twitter after contacting we were told we can carry one checked baggage but then we were not allowed and at gate they didn’t know the procedure and repeatedly checked our passport Poor customer service" Pros: "Crew was attentive and accommodating." Cons: "Gates switched 3 times and all bags had to be checked because of a small aging plane." Cons: "I would ask that the gate does not share in detail reason for delay in seat assignment is related to getting a family sitting together when the basic rules should apply unilaterally." Japan Airlines8.7 ANA8.6 Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 Delta7.9 Book cheap flights from Chicago to Tokyo Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Chicago to Tokyo found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/3Sat 2 stops 32h 05mORD-HND $450 Search 1/11Thu 2 stops 37h 30mORD-HND $480 Search 1/14Sun nonstopJapan Airlines 13h 35mORD-HND $580 Search 1/15Mon nonstopJapan Airlines 13h 35mORD-HND $582 Search 2/18Sun 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 23h 05mORD-HND $613 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 18h 55mORD-HND $616 Search 3/6Wed 1 stopANA 17h 00mORD-HND $679 Search 2/11Sun 2 stopsANA 26h 30mORD-HND $685 Search 3/17Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 13h 40mORD-HND $742 Search 2/18Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 13h 40mORD-HND $744 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineJapan AirlinesAmerican AirlinesANAUnited Airlines Search by price$480 or less$580 or less$620 or less$690 or less$740 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to Haneda Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Chicago to Tokyo that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 29h 10mORD-HND 12/14Thu multi-stopDelta 19h 35mHND-ORD $1,148 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 18h 55mORD-HND 12/14Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 16h 48mHND-ORD $1,150 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopANA 18h 20mORD-HND 12/12Tue multi-stopANA 40h 17mHND-ORD $1,168 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopANA 25h 30mORD-HND 12/11Mon multi-stopANA 19h 05mHND-ORD $1,218 Search 12/1Fri nonstopJapan Airlines 13h 35mORD-HND 12/11Mon nonstopJapan Airlines 11h 35mHND-ORD $1,336 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 27h 37mORD-HND 12/15Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 17h 53mHND-ORD $1,341 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAir Canada 18h 48mORD-HND 12/5Tue multi-stopAir Canada 28h 12mHND-ORD $1,343 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 24h 20mORD-HND 12/14Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 18h 49mHND-ORD $1,344 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAir Canada 18h 48mORD-HND 12/5Tue multi-stopAir Canada 28h 11mHND-ORD $1,362 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopJapan Airlines 20h 15mORD-HND 12/5Tue nonstopJapan Airlines 11h 35mHND-ORD $2,211 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineDeltaUnited AirlinesANAJapan AirlinesAmerican AirlinesAir Canada Search by price$1,150 or less$1,220 or less$1,340 or less$1,340 or less$2,210 or less Chicago O'Hare Airport - Tokyo Haneda Flights Departure: Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD)United States Destination: Tokyo Haneda (HND)Japan Return flight deals: Tokyo Haneda - Chicago O'Hare Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Tokyo $1,827 Business Class flights to Tokyo $2,211 Prem Econ Class flights to Tokyo $1,002 Economy Class flights to Tokyo Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $760Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Japan » Tokyo » Tokyo Haneda $760Flights to Tokyo Haneda Airport, Tokyo Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Tokyo Haneda flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Tokyo Haneda from Chicago O'Hare Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Tokyo Haneda from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.