16 Best Hotels in Paris. Hotels from C$ 18/night - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Paris hotels Search hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in Paris 1 room, 2 guests Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 Search ...and more Let KAYAK do the searching Save on your next stay Search and compare hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in Paris We’re completely free to use – no hidden charges or fees Filter by free cancellation, free breakfast and more Good to know Low season January High season May Average price (weeknight) C$ 456 Average price (weekend night) C$ 457 Cheapest month to stay with an average 58% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 53% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. Best Paris hotels Most recommended Paris hotelsShow all B&b Hotel Paris Nord 18ème 7.4 Good C$ 189+ C$ 189+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Spa Molitor Hotel & Spa Paris MGallery Collection 8.5 Very good 16th arrondissementC$ 457+ C$ 457+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille - Paris - Restaurant Holiday Inn Paris - Gare de Lyon Bastille 8.5 Very good 12th arrondissementC$ 263+ C$ 263+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Holiday Inn Paris - Montmartre - Paris - Building Holiday Inn Paris - Montmartre 8.3 Very good 18th arrondissementC$ 240+ C$ 240+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Hotel De Paris Saint Georges - Paris - Building Hotel De Paris Saint Georges 7 Good 9th arrondissementC$ 125+ C$ 125+ Free Wi-Fi Mercure Paris Montparnasse Pasteur - Paris - Building Mercure Paris Montparnasse Pasteur 7.8 Good 15th arrondissementC$ 229+ C$ 229+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Novotel Paris Centre Bercy - Paris - Bedroom Novotel Paris Centre Bercy 8.4 Very good 12th arrondissementC$ 276+ C$ 276+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Hotel Eiffel Blomet - Paris - Living room Hotel Eiffel Blomet 8.7 Very good 15th arrondissementC$ 300+ C$ 300+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Hotel de Castiglione - Paris - Lobby Hotel de Castiglione 7.5 Good 8th arrondissementC$ 267+ C$ 267+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Mercure Paris Montmartre Sacré Coeur - Paris - Lounge Mercure Paris Montmartre Sacré Coeur 7.9 Good 18th arrondissementC$ 213+ C$ 213+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Mercure Paris Tour Eiffel Grenelle - Paris - Restaurant Mercure Paris Tour Eiffel Grenelle 8.3 Very good 15th arrondissementC$ 282+ C$ 282+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Sofitel Le Scribe Paris Opéra - Paris - Lobby Sofitel Le Scribe Paris Opéra 8.5 Very good 9th arrondissementC$ 695+ C$ 695+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Off Paris Seine - Paris - Pool Off Paris Seine 8.4 Very good 13th arrondissementC$ 242+ C$ 242+ Free Wi-Fi Hôtel La Comtesse - Paris - Restaurant Hôtel La Comtesse 8.8 Very good 7th arrondissementC$ 478+ C$ 478+ Free Wi-Fi voco Paris Montparnasse, an IHG Hotel - Paris - Restaurant voco Paris Montparnasse, an IHG Hotel 8.3 Very good 14th arrondissementC$ 246+ C$ 246+ Free Wi-Fi Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse - Paris - Bedroom Novotel Paris Centre Gare Montparnasse 8.1 Very good 15th arrondissementC$ 276+ C$ 276+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly View more Paris hotels near Eiffel TowerShow all Mercure Paris Centre Tour Eiffel 7.4 Good 15th arrondissementC$ 315+ C$ 315+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Shangri-La Paris 9 Wonderful 16th arrondissementC$ 2,687+ C$ 2,687+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Maison Fl - Paris - Balcony Maison Fl 8.4 Very good 16th arrondissementC$ 331+ C$ 331+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Pullman Paris Tour Eiffel - Paris - Living room Pullman Paris Tour Eiffel 8.3 Very good 15th arrondissementC$ 464+ C$ 464+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Go to map Search by stars2+ stars3+ stars4+ stars5 stars Search by review score6+ Okay7+ Good8+ Great9+ Excellent Search by priceC$ 53 - C$ 548C$ 548 - C$ 1,042C$ 1,042 - C$ 1,538C$ 1,538 - C$ 2,032C$ 2,032+ per night Search by freebiesFree cancellationFree breakfastFree parkingFree internet Where to stay in ParisThe Top Hotels to Stay in Paris From historic hotels once catering to literary greats, luxurious five-star Palaces with ornate restaurants to match, and modern marvels with rooftop views of the Eiffel Tower, Paris offers travelers a wide range of accommodations. Sleep in neighborhoods in the heart of the city’s action or cozy up in something tucked away in one of the city's residential neighborhoods. Lane Nieset 27 May 2023 Hotels are one of the highlights of staying in Paris—and the city is undergoing a serious renaissance. It seems as if almost every month, the city is welcoming a starchitect-designed hotel, landmark-turned-boutique hotel, or renovation of one of the grand dames that have been sitting here for centuries. In Paris, hotels are a destination in themselves. Some have taken over old hôtels particuliers, private mansions that were the nobility’s version of a step down from a palace. You can splurge and go all-out with a Palace-rated hotel, one that takes five-star status to a new level, or post up in a newer spot where the views are just as much of a draw as the locally inspired décor. Traveling as a family? Some hotels have resort-worthy kids’ clubs or babysitting options. Fido in tow? Paris hotels know how to treat your fur baby with five-star amenities. Yes, doggy macarons are a thing. Explore more articles A Complete Guide to the French Capital that Shaped Cuisine, Art and Fashion Family travel in Paris Shopping in Paris What to pack for Paris Guide to Canal Saint-Martin, Paris Guide to Le Marais, Paris Guide to Pigalle, Paris Guide to Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Paris Bars and nightlife in Paris Delano Paris A stylish addition off haute shopping street Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré, this former 18th-century mansion-turned-boutique hotel sports 56 rooms and suites in the courtyard building. The first in Paris for the Miami-born brand, Delano brought in three Michelin-starred chef Dani Garcia to craft the menu at its signature restaurant, La Chambre Bleu, an homage to Pablo Picasso’s painting. While the stylish hotel is on the more modern side, you’ll still feel like you’ve been transported to another era in Paris, especially in the Grand Historic Suite or Presidential Suite, with its herringbone parquet flooring, high, gold-lined ceilings, and opulent frescoes lining the walls. Ritz Paris A Concierge Experience The concierge service at the Ritz treats you like a VIP and can reserve even some of the tougher-to-snag tables in town. One of the crowning features of the Place Vendôme, in the First Arrondissement, this 19th-century building has such a storied history, that everyone from Marcel Proust to F. Scott Fitzgerald and Coco Chanel has said it’s “like a second home”—and made it one. This hotel was recently refreshed and received a few new additions, like the zodiac-themed Ritz Bar with cocktails inspired by the 12 astrological signs; Le Comptoir, an haute patisserie and chocolaterie; and new themed suites named after other infamous guests like Mozart. A true resort experience, the Ritz offers everything from a spa and celeb stylist-helmed hair salon by David Mallett to experiences for kids, like swimming lessons (plus connecting rooms for families). A stay in Paris isn’t complete without a trip to Bar Hemingway, with its cigar lounge-like vibes and rose-adorned cocktails crafted by one of the city’s most legendary bartenders, Colin Field. Hôtel Madame Rêve Even if you’re not staying here, the bar at La Plume is a favorite for craft cocktails before starting an evening out in Paris. Centrally located near the Louvre and Samaritaine department store, the five-star hotel sits in the landmark Louvre Post Office with 82 rooms and suites showing off panoramic views over Paris. Watch the city unfold from sunrise to sunset in one of the rooms under the hotel’s vaulted glass roof or from one of the aptly named Eiffel Tower view rooms, which guarantee a prime perch to admire the legendary landmark. The grand, ground floor café, with its sky-high ceilings and Art Deco-style design, serves a lavish Sunday brunch (€75, or $82) with pastries by Benoît Castel, while chef Benjamin Six’s La Plume Rive Droite offers Japanese French fusion in the sultry space on the hotel’s top floor. While more suited to couples, friends, and solo travelers, the hotel does have a family junior suite with a private terrace overlooking the hanging garden. Hôtel Rochechouart The iconic Art Deco façade has been a fixture in Pigalle since the late-1920s. Once popular with artists, Hôtel Rochechouart received a modern makeover by the duo behind Orso Hotels in 2020. The former townhouse facing the Sacré-Cœur has been returned to its turn-of-the-century glory with a mosaic restaurant floor, period glass elevator, and brass accents—all with a contemporary touch. The highlight of the Belle Époque boutique hotel – which sits at the foot of Montmartre hill – is the scenic views, best admired from the buzzy, ninth-floor rooftop bar that shows off sweeping views of Montmartre and the Eiffel Tower. Hôtel de Crillon, A Rosewood Hotel﻿ Located in Place de la Concorde, this Palace Hotel is one of the most iconic in Paris. The Bar Les Ambassadeurs is one of the best hotel bars in Paris and often has live music. The Sense Spa is also not to be missed. SO/ Paris The 360-degree views from Bonnie are some of the most impressive in the city since you're hovering right over the Seine and ﻿Île Saint-Louis—a rare vantage point. One of the newer hotels to enter Paris’ scene, SO/ Paris is housed in a 1966 former office building that has received a fashionable revamp thanks to architectural firm RDAI (the same team behind the Hermès stores). Everything from the décor to the art and uniforms (designed by couture’s rising star, Guillaume Henry) nods to the city’s role as a fashion capital and also plays on the ripples of the neighboring Seine River. The playful design extends to the 15th-floor restaurant, club, and bar, Bonnie, which shows off 360-degree panoramic views of Paris. Don’t worry—you can also soak up the view from bed in one of the 162 rooms and suites, which line floors 7-14, and look out at the river and city’s rooftops. Located near the Marais and Bastille, the central spot puts you within walking distance of the city’s shops, restaurants, and nightlife. But when you’re ready to rest your tired legs after a long day of strolling, you can unwind with a massage in the CODAGE spa or the Turkish steam bath. Hôtel Fauchon If you want to stay in one of Paris’ more fashionable neighborhoods, Hôtel Fauchon in the eighth is the place. Designed as a “sensory” hotel, you’ll find everything from food to the hotel’s scent to be part of the experience. This spot is particularly great for couples who are foodies and want to see the best Paris has to offer in terms of food, wine, and pastries. Le Pavillon Faubourg Saint-Germain & Spa In the well-heeled neighborhood of Saint Germain-des-Prés, between the Seine and fashion hotspot Café de Flore, Le Pavillon Faubourg Saint-Germain & Spa brings new life to a former noble home dating back to 1642 that, in the 20th century, drew the likes of and T.S. Eliot and James Joyce, who finished his infamous novel Ulysses here. On the boutique side, the hotel feels hidden in the neighborhood, with just 47 rooms and suites; a stylish, seasonally driven restaurant, Les Parisiens; and the James Joyce Bar, a Parisian take on an English club. Families of up to five will also sleep comfortably in connecting rooms that feature double and two twin beds and two bathrooms. Hôtel Barrière Fouquet's Paris For an iconic stay along the Champs-Élysées, you can’t get much better than this. Located in the eighth arrondissement, you’ll be within prime view—and walking distance—of the Arc de Triomphe and flagship boutiques like Louis Vuitton. Hôtel National des Arts et Métiers Popular for its rooftop bar and restaurant, this design-forward hotel located between the Marais and Montorgueil is housed in a Haussmanian façade and features 64 industrial-chic rooms. BABEL The first true boutique hotel in Belleville, the artist-centric neighborhood in the 20th, BABEL﻿ offers 31 rooms that feel plucked from a medina in Marrakesh—with a laid-back restaurant and café to match. When to book a hotel in Paris Price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for finding Paris hotel deals If you’re looking for a cheap hotel in Paris, you should consider visiting during the low season. You'll find cheaper accommodations in Paris in January and February. Hotel room prices vary depending on many factors but you’ll most likely find the best hotel deals in Paris if you stay on a Friday. The opposite is true for, Thursday, which is usually the most expensive day. Book at least 90 days before your stay begins to get the best price for your Paris accommodation. The cheapest 3-star hotel room in Paris found on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 47, while the most expensive was C$ 351. How long should you stay? KAYAK users usually book their accommodation in Paris for 3 days. If you’d love to shop while in Paris, you should consider staying at the Secret de Paris - Hotel & Spa because it’s close to several shopping centers. The hotel offers a TV, room service, daily housekeeping, and a coffee shop. Alternatively, you should consider staying at the Bradford Elysees - Astotel or Maison Albar Hotels Le Diamond, as these lodging options are also near shopping centers. If you're in Paris for business, you should consider staying at a hotel that’s close to Paris’ business district and offers faxing, photocopying, computer use, and workstations. The Holiday Inn Paris - Montmartre, 7 Eiffel, and Hotel Park Lane Paris are such hotels. Jardin des Plantes is one of Paris' most famous botanical gardens. If you’d like to stay close to this garden, you should consider reserving a room at the CitizenM Paris Gare de Lyon and the Pepper & Paper Apartments. You won’t need any means of transportation to get to the gardens, as they are within walking distance. Families traveling to Paris should consider staying at a hotel that offers deals, is close to family-friendly destinations, offers complimentary breakfast and kids' meals, and has room to play and roam around. Some of the Paris hotels with these qualities are the Hotel Molitor Paris - MGallery, the Sofitel Paris Arc de Triomphe, and the Renaissance Paris Republique Hotel. Suppose you're looking to board an early or late flight at the Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. In that case, you should consider staying at either the Novotel Paris Orly Rungis, the Paris Marriott Charles De Gaulle Airport Hotel, or the Holiday Inn Express Paris - CDG Airport, as they are adjacent to and provide free airport shuttles to the airport. If you are looking for an affordable yet unique experience for your Parisian vacation, consider staying in one of the city’s many boutique hotels, such as Hotel Thoumieux. They have become increasingly popular in Paris, and you can find many options in trendy neighborhoods, such as The Hôtel Marais Hôme, Hôtel Bastille, and Hôtel République. They are known for being stylish and are a good option for individuals on a budget. Does late-night noise bother you? If so, try to select hotels located away from the cafes, bars, bistros, and youth hostels. Nightlife is very popular in Paris, particularly in the city center, and many older buildings do not block out noise well. Large hotels, such as Hôtel Plaza Athénée, are certain to provide you with a great night’s sleep. Hotels near the Eiffel Tower are generally very expensive. Don’t be afraid to look for a hotel in the surrounding neighborhood, which is surprisingly quiet and residential. With Paris’ extensive metro and bus system, it is always easy to access the Eiffel Tower, so also consider opting for a more exotic neighborhood, such as the Latin Quarter. The Hotel Cluny Square is a great choice in the area that won’t break the bank. If you are traveling on a budget, consider staying in a hotel that is located on the outskirts of the city, like the Radisson Blu Hotel, Paris-Boulogne. These areas are still easily accessible by the metro, but are less crowded and generally more affordable. Neighborhoods such as the 12th, 15th, and 17th arrondissements are great options, as they are not directly in the city center, but they are still connected by several different metro lines. When choosing a hotel, check to see what public transportation is nearby. If you are looking at cheaper hotels that are away from downtown, but that are also accessible by the RER trains, try to find one located near the traditional metro as well. The RER trains shut down earlier at night than the metro, particularly during the week, and they are often disrupted by strikes and technical difficulties. The Handsome Hotel By Elegancia is located just near Châtelet station and is a perfect compromise. FAQs when booking a hotel in Paris Are there hotels that offer free cancellation? Yes, there are accommodations in Paris that provide free cancellation. They include Courtyard by Marriott Paris Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport, the ibis Styles Paris Charles-de-Gaulle Airport, or the ibis Paris CDG Airport. If your plans are likely to change while in Paris, these are the hotels you should look into. Which accommodations are suggested for travelers on a budget? Several accommodations in Paris can accommodate travelers on a tight budget. If you’re such a traveler, you should check out the Residence Banlieue Parisienne Neully, Adonis Paris Sud, Hotel Campanile Les Ulis, and Hotel Campanile Villepinte. At any of these hotels, you’ll get value for money. This is because although these hotels are quite affordable, they boast outstanding amenities. It’s worth noting that while staying at any of these hotels, you can visit attractions such as the Sacred Gardens and The Petit Palais. Which hotels are suggested for trips to museums? If you’d like to visit the Louvre Museum or the Jacquemart Andre Museum, you should consider selecting a hotel nearby, such as the La Villa Haussmann. The hotel boasts a bar/lounge, a restaurant, and an indoor pool. Alternatively, you can choose to stay at the Grand Pigalle Hotel, Hôtel Belloy Saint Germain, and Hotel Saint Dominique. What lodging options are there near Avenue Montaigne? Travelers intending to visit Avenue Montaigne for its dining options, its nightlife, or for the Eiffel tower's breathtaking views should consider staying in hotels close to Avenue Montaigne like Amastan, Hôtel Artus, COQ Hotel Paris, or the Charles V hotel. What are good hotels near Disneyland Paris? If you are visiting Paris with your family, or simply love Disney, consider staying at one of the hotels in Disneyland Paris. The Disneyland Hotel is a great choice, as it is located next to the park, restaurants, and shops. The Campanile Val De France is about 3-miles away from all of the Disney attractions, but it is generally a more affordable option. What hotels in Paris have a good indoor or rooftop pool? The Hotel & Spa La Belle Juliette is a popular choice that features an indoor pool and extensive spa. The Hotel Square Louvois is another great option with an indoor pool, and it is located close to the famous Louvre Museum. For a rooftop pool, take a look at the Hotel Molitor Paris - MGallery, which is a 5-star hotel near the Eiffel Tower. What are good hotel areas for young adults in Paris? There are many hotel and neighborhood options for young adults in Paris, as youth hostels are very popular. The Montparnasse area is generally affordable and provides many options for nightlife. The Enjoy Hostel is a stylish yet affordable option that is conveniently located in the 14th arrondissement, not far from the famous Luxembourg garden. What hotel area is good for a romantic stay in Paris? If you are planning a romantic visit to Paris, look at the many hotels located in the Montmartre neighborhood. This area is known for being charming, romantic and full of fun sightseeing spots. B Montmartre is a chic hotel located near Sacre Coeur and Parc Monceau. Hotel Des Arts is a reasonable choice that isn’t far from the famous sites of Montmartre. Where to stay in Paris? We've recorded a higher demand for hotels in Le Marais, 1st arrondissement, and close to Eiffel Tower. What are the best hotels near Eiffel Tower? KAYAK users like staying at Mercure Paris Centre Tour Eiffel, Shangri-La Paris and Pullman Paris Tour Eiffel when looking for a hotel in close proximity to Eiffel Tower. How much does a hotel cost in Paris? KAYAK users have found double rooms in Paris for as cheap as C$ 26 in the last 3 days. The average price is C$ 477. How much is a hotel in Paris for tonight? KAYAK users found rooms for tonight for a cheap as C$ 64 in the last 3 hours. 3-star hotel rooms have been found from C$ 64, and 4-star hotels from C$ 122. How much is a hotel in Paris for this weekend? KAYAK users found 3-star hotel rooms in Paris for this weekend from C$ 38 and 4-star hotel rooms from C$ 116. The cheapest room in Paris for the same date was C$ 72 per night. How do I find a hotel in central Paris? After you launch a hotel search on KAYAK, you can refine your research by neighbourhood, which allows you to pick the central Paris districts. You can also do a search using the city map to choose a specific location, like Paris city centre How can I find hotels near me? Take a look at our extensive hotel map to find the best hotels near you. Where to stay in Paris? Our map will help you find the perfect place to stay in Paris by showing you the exact location of each hotel. What Paris hotel guests are talking aboutShow all What Paris hotel guests are talking about Hotels about topicShow all Plug inn Montmartre by Hiphophostels 7.7 Good 18th arrondissementC$ 176+ C$ 176+ Parking Popular topics pool Popular in Paris Paris hotels with pools Paris spa hotels Paris romantic hotels Paris budget hotels Paris pet-friendly hotels Paris family hotels Paris 5-star hotels Paris boutique hotels Paris luxury hotels Paris last minute hotels Accommodations in Paris Bed & Breakfast Hostel Vacation Rentals in Paris Airports in Paris Hotels near Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Hotels near Paris Orly Airport Hotels near Paris Beauvais-Tille Airport Hotels near Châlons-en-Champagne Chalons-Vatry Airport Landmarks in Paris Hotels near Eiffel Tower, Paris Hotels near Gare du Nord, Paris Hotels near Champs-Elysées, Paris Hotels near Gare de Lyon, Paris Hotels near Louvre Museum, Paris Hotels near Église de Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Paris Hotels near Galeries Lafayette, Paris Hotels near Moulin Rouge, Paris Hotels near AccorHotels Arena, Paris Hotels near Place Vendôme, Paris Hotels near Paris Expo, Paris Hotels near Place de la Bataille-de-Stalingrad, Paris Hotels near Centre Pompidou, Paris Hotels near Champ de Mars, Paris Hotels near Tour Montparnasse, Paris Hotels near Gare de L'Est, Paris Hotels near Place de Clichy, Paris Hotels near Cimetière de Montmartre, Paris Hotels near Bercy Village, Paris Hotels near Pigalle, Paris Hotels near Catacombes de Paris, Paris Hotels near Le Grand Rex, Paris Hotels near UNESCO, Paris Hotels near Arc De Triomphe, Paris Hotels near Place de la Concorde, Paris Hotels near Opéra Garnier, Paris Hotels near Place de la Republique, Paris Hotels near Université de la Sorbonne, Paris Hotels near Place de la Bastille, Paris Hotels near Cimetière du Père-Lachaise, Paris Hotels near Place d'Italie, Paris Hotels near Espace Champerret, Paris Hotels near Hôtel de Ville, Paris Hotels near Luxembourg Gardens, Paris Hotels near Pont Alexandre-III, Paris Hotels near Notre Dame, Paris Hotels near Place Saint-Germain-des-Pres, Paris Hotels near Boulevard Saint-Germain, Paris Hotels near Pantheon, Paris Hotels near Jardins des Tuileries, Paris Hotels near Musee du Luxembourg, Paris Hotels near Paris Olympia, Paris Hotels near Theatre Mogador, Paris Hotels near Hôpital Necker-Enfants malades, Paris Hotels near Place de la Nation, Paris Hotels near Musée Grévin, Paris Hotels near Hôpital Pitié-Salpêtrière, Paris Hotels near Place Denfert-Rochereau, Paris Hotels near Élysée Montmartre, Paris Hotels near Salle Pleyel, Paris Hotels near Opéra Bastille, Paris Hotels near Palais des Sports, Paris Hotels near Bataclan, Paris Hotels near Pont d'Austerlitz, Paris Hotels near Parc de Bercy, Paris Hotels near Folies Bergere, Paris Hotels near Theatre du Chatelet, Paris Hotels near Place de la Madeleine, Paris Hotels near Musée d’Orsay, Paris Hotels near Paradis Latin, Paris Hotels near Forum des Halles, Paris Hotels near Porte Saint-Denis, Paris Hotels near Théâtre Édouard VII, Paris Hotels near Parc Monceau, Paris Hotels near Theatre Marigny, Paris Hotels near Le Bon Marché, Paris Hotels near Casino de Paris, Paris Hotels near Saint-Sulpice Church, Paris Hotels near Jardin des Plantes, Paris Hotels near Pont de l'Alma, Paris Hotels near Porte Saint-Martin, Paris Hotels near Sacré-Cœur Basilica, Paris Hotels near Institut du Monde Arabe, Paris Hotels near Printemps, Paris Hotels near Maison de la Radio, Paris Hotels near Palais de Tokyo, Paris Hotels near Seine, Paris Hotels near Place du Colonel Fabien, Paris Hotels near Lido, Paris Hotels near Hôtel des Invalides, Paris Hotels near Place du Tertre, Paris Hotels near Carrousel du Louvre, Paris Hotels near Place du Trocadéro, Paris Hotels near Pont de Bir-Hakeim, Paris Hotels near Grande Mosquée de Paris, Paris Hotels near Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris Hotels near Place des Vosges, Paris Hotels near Bobino, Paris Hotels near Musée du Quai Branly, Paris Hotels near Musée du Montparnasse, Paris Hotels near Pont de Sully, Paris Hotels near Pont des Arts, Paris Hotels near Palais-Royal, Paris Hotels near Place Charles de Gaulle Etoile, Paris Hotels near Pont Saint-Michel, Paris Hotels near Pont de Grenelle, Paris Hotels near Cimetière du Montparnasse, Paris Hotels near Palais de Justice, Paris Hotels near Théâtre de la Ville, Paris Hotels near Parc Georges Brassens, Paris Hotels near Palais du Luxembourg, Paris Hotels near Theatre la Bruyere, Paris Hotels near Parc de Belleville, Paris Hotels near Comédie-Française, Paris Hotels near Pont Louis-Philippe, Paris Hotels near Pont Neuf, Paris Hotels near Elysee Palace, Paris Hotels near Musée du Vin, Paris Hotels near Musée Bourdelle, Paris Hotels near Théâtre Le Palace, Paris Hotels near Cancéropole Île-de-France, Paris Hotels near Ministère de la Finance, Paris Hotels near Square des Batignolles, Paris Hotels near Odeon - Theatre de l'Europe, Paris Hotels near Musée de l'Armée, Paris Hotels near Palais de Chaillot, Paris Hotels near Musee de Montmartre, Paris Hotels near Place des Victoires, Paris Hotels near Pont Marie, Paris Hotels near Musée National Picasso, Paris Hotels near Pont des Invalides, Paris Hotels near Passerelle Leopold-Sedar-Senghor, Paris Hotels near Musée Carnavalet, Paris Hotels near Sainte-Chapelle, Paris Hotels near Musée Guimet, Paris Hotels near Menagerie du Jardin des Plantes, Paris Hotels near Chapelle Notre-Dame de la Médaille Miraculeuse, Paris Hotels near Eglise Saint-Eustache, Paris Hotels near Musée des Arts et Métiers, Paris Hotels near Place Pablo-Picasso, Paris Hotels near Place de la Contrescarpe, Paris Hotels near Le BHV Marais, Paris Hotels near Pont Mirabeau, Paris Hotels near Église de la Madeleine, Paris Hotels near Ecole Normale Superieure, Paris Hotels near Musée Jacquemart-André, Paris Hotels near Musée d'Art moderne de la Ville de Paris, Paris Hotels near Musee de l'Homme, Paris Hotels near Hotel de la Monnaie, Paris Hotels near Opera Comique, Paris Hotels near Palais de la Decouverte, Paris Hotels near Petit Palais, Paris Hotels near Place Furstenberg, Paris Hotels near Grand Palais, Paris Hotels near Espace Dali, Paris Hotels near Galerie Vivienne, Paris Hotels near Maison de Victor Hugo, Paris Hotels near Arènes de Lutèce, Paris Hotels near Eglise Saint-Germain-l'Auxerrois, Paris Hotels near Musée Pasteur, Paris Hotels near Petit Pont, Paris Hotels near Funiculaire de Montmartre, Paris Hotels near Les Deux Magots, Paris Hotels near Pont de la Tournelle, Paris Hotels near Passage Verdeau, Paris Hotels near Palais Bourbon, Paris Hotels near Musée Nissim de Camondo, Paris Hotels near Musée Rodin, Paris Hotels near Musée des Arts Décoratifs, Paris Show more Venues in Paris Hotels near Palais des Congres de Paris, Paris Neighbourhoods in Paris Hotels in Le Marais, Paris Hotels in 1st arrondissement, Paris Hotels in Montparnasse, Paris Hotels in 8th arrondissement, Paris Hotels in 16th arrondissement, Paris Hotels in 15th arrondissement, Paris Hotels in Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Paris Hotels in 9th arrondissement, Paris Hotels in 5th arrondissement, Paris Hotels in 18th arrondissement, Paris Hotels in Batignolles, Paris Hotels in 13th arrondissement, Paris Hotels in Invalides, Paris Hotels in Petit Montrouge, Paris Hotels in Père-Lachaise, Paris Hotels in Belleville, Paris Hotels in Les Halles, Paris Hotels in Clignancourt, Paris Hotels in Bercy, Paris Hotels in Plaine-Monceau, Paris Hotels in 19th arrondissement, Paris Hotels in La Chapelle, Paris All hotels in Paris Hotels Hotels in Europe Hotels in France Hotels in Ile-de-France Hotels in La Defense Paris Hotels Top Hotel Destinations Río Hato hotels Bedford hotels Atlantic City hotels Toronto hotels Calgary hotels Mont-Tremblant hotels Tobermory hotels London hotels Puerto Vallarta hotels Albufeira hotels Sun Peaks hotels Everett hotels Isla Mujeres hotels Niagara Falls hotels Boston hotels Vancouver hotels Albany hotels Kelowna hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Edmonton hotels Whistler hotels Montreal hotels Canmore hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Paris Hotel Deals. Search and compare hotels in Paris. Find cheap hotel rooms in Paris. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap hotels and book the room that suits you best. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.