Cheap Flights from Montreal to Manila from C$ 763 | (YUL - MNL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YUL - MNL Find cheap flights from Montreal to Manila from C$ 763 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 21/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Manila These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Manila. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Manila. How much is the cheapest flight from Montreal to Manila?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Montreal to Manila that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:10 p.m. - 8:50 p.m.YUL-MNL 44h 40m2 stops 5:00 a.m. - 5:25 p.m.MNL-YUL 24h 25m1 stop C$ 940 Find Deal Thu, 25 Apr - Fri, 10 May 9:15 p.m. - 8:50 p.m.YUL-MNL 35h 35m1 stop 5:00 a.m. - 11:48 a.m.MNL-YUL 42h 48m2 stops C$ 951 Find Deal Wed, 10 Apr - Fri, 26 Apr 6:10 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YUL-MNL 40h 10m2 stops 5:00 a.m. - 5:25 p.m.MNL-YUL 24h 25m1 stop C$ 956Turkish Airlines Find Deal Mon, 11 Mar - Fri, 10 May 9:15 p.m. - 8:50 p.m.YUL-MNL 35h 35m1 stop 9:25 p.m. - 5:25 p.m.MNL-YUL 32h 00m1 stop C$ 958Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, 1 May - Tue, 21 May 6:30 p.m. - 6:50 a.m.YUL-MNL 47h 20m2 stops 8:45 a.m. - 5:40 p.m.MNL-YUL 44h 55m2 stops C$ 1,143United Airlines Find Deal Wed, 7 Feb - Wed, 3 Apr 2:15 p.m. - 4:50 a.m.YUL-MNL 26h 35m2 stops 8:45 a.m. - 10:25 a.m.MNL-YUL 37h 40m2 stops C$ 1,172United Airlines Find Deal Tue, 23 Apr - Sat, 11 May 7:05 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.YUL-MNL 35h 25m2 stops 8:45 p.m. - 11:11 p.m.MNL-YUL 39h 26m3 stops C$ 1,177KLM Find Deal Wed, 7 Feb - Wed, 21 Feb 7:05 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.YUL-MNL 35h 25m3 stops 8:45 p.m. - 11:11 p.m.MNL-YUL 39h 26m3 stops C$ 1,195KLM Find Deal Wed, 7 Feb - Wed, 21 Feb 6:05 a.m. - 1:35 p.m.YUL-MNL 42h 30m2 stops 2:50 p.m. - 5:24 p.m.MNL-YUL 39h 34m2 stops C$ 1,252ANA Find Deal Sat, 20 Jan - Tue, 30 Jan 6:15 a.m. - 1:30 p.m.YUL-MNL 43h 15m2 stops 2:40 p.m. - 9:24 p.m.MNL-YUL 42h 44m2 stops C$ 1,326ANA Find Deal Tue, 7 May - Sun, 26 May Show more results Flights from Montreal to Manila - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Montreal to Manila to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Manila? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Manila is October, where tickets cost C$ 1,843 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 2,614 and C$ 2,375 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Manila? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Manila, you should book around 5 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 87 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Montreal to Manila? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Montreal to Manila were found on Turkish Airlines (C$ 1,298) and United Airlines (C$ 1,551). ANA proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 973. How long does a flight from Montreal to Manila take? Flying to Manila from Montreal requires at least one layover, as there are no direct flights for this route. The shortest flight duration is 23h 35m. Good to know Low season August High season December Cheapest flight C$ 763 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 4% increase in price. Most popular time to fly (31% more expensive on average) Flight from Montreal to Manila When to book flights from Montreal to Manila Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Montreal to Manila based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Montreal to Manila flights Which cities can I get to from Ninoy Aquino International Airport? Apart from serving as the entry point to Manila for international travelers, Ninoy Aquino International Airport also serves a number of nearby cities. For instance, you can conveniently connect to Caloocan, San Juan, and Quezon City. What is the best transport option when getting out of Ninoy Aquino International Airport? Although the airport has several transport options for travelers to connect to Manila city center, buses are quite popular. In particular, Bus Line 18 offers a direct connection from the airport to the city center. There is at least one bus leaving the airport every 5 to 10 minutes. Which airlines can I book when flying from Montreal to Manila with kids? If you are flying with your kids from Manila to Montreal, United Airlines and Air Canada are some of the airlines you may consider booking. Both airlines provide priority boarding to parents accompanied by their kids. In addition to this, both airlines have spacious seats in all their cabins, which ensures you and your kid remain comfortable the entire journey. How convenient is it to land at Ninoy Aquino International Airport late at night? Despite MNL not having places to sleep on-site, you have nothing to worry about if your plane touches the ground at night. You can spend the remaining hours of the night at one of the hotels near the airport such as Savoy Hotel Manila or Belmont Hotel Manila. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Montreal to Manila? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Montreal to Manila? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Montreal and Manila, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. Which is the best airline for flights from Montreal to Manila, ANA or Emirates? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Montreal to Manila are ANA and Emirates. With an average price for the route of C$ 1,965 and an overall rating of 8.6, ANA is the most popular choice. Emirates is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 1,988 and an overall rating of 8.3. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Montreal to Manila? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Montreal to Manila. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Montreal to Manila? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Manila from Montreal is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Montreal to Manila? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Manila with an airline and back to Montreal with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Montreal to Manila? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Manila from Montreal up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Montreal to Manila Flights from Montreal to Manila have Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport (YUL) as the departure airport while Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) serves as the arrival airport. When connecting to YUL from downtown Montreal, taxis offer the fastest and most reliable transport option. However, you also have the option of using the 747 Bus line, which is cheaper but slower compared to taxis. You can conveniently fly with your pet(s) to Manila from Montreal. All the airlines flying along this route and the two airports, YUL and MNL, have pet-friendly policies. Before boarding your plane at Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, you can have your pet relieved at the pet relief area, which is located in the Arrivals area near the exit door 25/26. All the airlines along the Montreal-Manila route make at least two stops along the way. However, among these airlines, Air Canada is popular for offering the fastest flights. This is because of the shortest time taken at the various layover airports compared to the other airlines. Apart from this, Air Canada has the highest frequency of daily flights from YUL to MNL. Therefore, with this airline, you can be certain of getting a flight that is suitable to your schedule. If you want to catch up with the earliest flight from Montreal to Manila, consider spending the night before travel at one of the hotels closest to the airport. One of the hotels you may consider is Days Inn by Wyndham Montreal Airport Conference Centre. Apart from being near the airport, this hotel offers free airport shuttles to its customers. Therefore, it is quite convenient to connect to the airport from this hotel. Persons with reduced mobility have nothing to worry about when booking flights from Montreal to Manila. You can easily get a wheelchair from any of the airlines at both YUL and MNL. However, for convenience, those who may need a wheelchair or any other special services need to request them at the time of booking the flight. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Montreal to Manila See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Montreal to Manila. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Montreal to Manila? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.6 ANAOverall score based on 4791 reviews 85comfort 83food 83entertainment 87overall 88boarding 90crew Airline reviews Pros: "Very clean. Crew was very good. Food was for the most part fine." Cons: "Entertainment was pretty lacking. No paid WiFi service on the airplane for a modern country’s air fleet... only texting."Read more about ANA Pros: "Very clean. Crew was very good. Food was for the most part fine." Cons: "Entertainment was pretty lacking. No paid WiFi service on the airplane for a modern country’s air fleet... only texting." Pros: "The 787 is fantastic. First class feels in the economy. The food offering is also first class. Service is amazing." Cons: "Serve the cold soba for all meals. :) Love it." Cons: "Food was great, flight attendant were very friendly and helpful and eager to make sure I was comfortable, ANA rocks as a awesome carrier; my goto airline when it’s time to cross the pacific again" Pros: "The crew was wonderful. Polite and professional. The meals were very good for economy class." Cons: "The seats felt like there was no padding in the seat. The back was fine." Pros: "Logjam Manila traffic, confusion at MNL, late for check in, but staff got me on the plane. Then my suitcase was busted open at Chicago O'Hare on the conveyor belt and ANA issued me a replacement on the spot. Two problems [ not their fault ] handled beautifully. ANA is truly amazing. Thank You !!" Pros: "The crew was amazing. They were all very nice to us." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "The seats were substantially more cramped than the other flight." Pros: "Crews are very helpful and always have a smile in their face. Comfortable seats and entertainment system are very nice. The only thing that makes us not satisfied was the food, for 10 hours flight there’s only 1 main dish...Totally I like their service." Cons: "The food was not enough, we felt so hungry before arriving." Pros: "The Japanese food was fantastic - individual Japanese food selections which I wondered if would be good turned out totally amazing - well done!" Cons: "Fellow passenger didn't stay in his space , would prefer flight attendant to inform kindly" Pros: "The crew were very friendly and accommodating." Cons: "Most long flights giveaway a personal kit. They didn't." Pros: "Punctuality" Cons: "The food, leg space, the drink, and more hospitality, specially towards the aged people like us." Pros: "I like overall, food , entertainment, cleanliness and the amazing crew." Cons: "I would fly again with emirates." Cons: "Breads must be at least warm. The breads were frozen." Pros: "Great service" Cons: "The entertainment tv didn’t stay in the right position and the touchscreen didn’t respond all the time." Cons: "gate was poorly labeled. Screens and boarding card said "E11" but there were 3 gates "E11A" "E11B" and "E11C" and most passengers wasted time trying to find the right one (including "E11C" which was the first gate # passengers saw, and required going up stairs to a different floor to determine it was the wrong gate). Terrible signage, awful experience. Someone should be fired." Cons: "I cant cause im still at quantos waiting for them to find my god damn bags!" Pros: "The crew was both friendly and attentive. I was satisfied with their interest." Cons: "I found the boarding experience in Dubai to be quite tedious. We were shuffled around here and there and getting on the plane itself was tough." Cons: "Staff don’t smile! I ask for hot towel the crew didn’t give me any!" Pros: "Love the great service, food, cleanliness, movies and extra leg room." Cons: "Don't like when you have a problem with a refund. You have to fill out a form, web site doesn't work, staff also can't get it to work, you finally get a call back and they send another form to fill out. Staff write the complaint and haven't heard from anyone. I had to start over. Bad at rectifying problems and caring about customers after a trip. I booked 17 tickets for this trip for my clients. I have used you in the past for my clients ..one group 50 tickets. Carol James Travel Agrnt" food in Qatar was terrible. I had ordered asian vegetarian meal but the food lacked any flavor. Choices of entertainment was also very limited. emirates is way better in terms of food and entertainment. Pros: "The cabin crew was very attentive throughout the long flight, offering water and orange juice often. Good selection of movies was available." Cons: "Can't think of anything, everything was very good." Pros: "Attentive and friendly crew, leg room" Cons: "Need to serve better food in economy. There is a little more legroom in economy compared to other airlines, however, the seats are tight. They are not wide enough. Need better movie selection." Pros: "The Q-suite is exceptionally comfortable and the door really does make a difference. I usually have difficulty sleeping but the isolation from aisle traffic and ambient noise reduction was enough to allow some very good sleep. Staff experience was also exceptional - friendly and highly competent, looking to go the extra mile. Food was great and full menu available upon request." Cons: "I did not find a gap" Pros: "My FA from IAH to DOH was outstanding. She made sure I was comfortable the whole flight" Pros: "Flight" Cons: "Wheelchair was booked for me for both flight but i could not get that service. No one available for wheelchair. Very bad service." Pros: "Everything" Cons: "They are the best and air Canada should learn from them" Pros: "As always the crew was so nice...really catered to our needs on the long flight." Pros: "crew is good and helpful." Cons: "The food was terrible. Needs to improve the quality of the food." Pros: "Q-suites are fantastic." Cons: "Boarding was a mess. Premium boarding line was tied up by economy passengers and ground crew did not turn them back" Pros: "The crew was amazing. They left snacks and drinks out in between service." Pros: "Crew was great. Seats were uncomfortable. No air. It was extremely hot." Pros: "Cabin crew were efficient" Cons: "Open check in counters on time as scheduled. They were half hour late at least" Pros: "Really good flight. Clean,on time, efficient. Early arrival even" Pros: "They had many snacks and meals. And the meals were very good. Staff was very friendly." Cons: "Seating is very uncomfortable and small. Really limited on space if seat is reclined in front of you." Pros: "-" Cons: "Old plane, rude crew, checked bag was not included in price. I did fly Swiss to LA last year and it was amazing, i don’t know what happened since." Pros: "I like the way they take care of their guests, I have 0 complaints" Pros: "Nice self boarding" Cons: "No big screen to communicate priority to boarding since I am deaf." Pros: "Everything, but the lack of entertainment, and the seats I bought were separated." Cons: "The lack of entertainment, and the seats I bought were separated." Pros: "I was flying business class so staff, food, etc was excellent" Cons: "I do not understand why arriving to checkin with 90 min, on a DIRECT flight, in business class they can decide to not lead luggage at ZRH. We had to wait for all luggage to come out, then go to lost and found, what is more puzzling is that then they tell you the luggage will be loaded on next flight, arrive at night, but will not deliver it until after 3PM on next day. This is flying business class. Swiss begins to feel like a low cost" Good entertainment system, but the person in front of me was so far reclined I couldn’t use it all flight. The main selections of the food were really not great. The rest was okay. The cabin was also freezing. I had a jacket and a blanket on and was still shivering through the whole flight. I have a cold now after the flight. 🥶 Our plane transfer in Instanbul was too tight. Our flight into Instanbul was 30 minutes late and by the time we got off of the gateway to the terminal they were already calling last call for our next flight whos gate was in a total different terminal. We had to run thru the airport and I have mobility issues. I do not recommend offering flight packages with this tight of a transfer schedule. Not enough time to make our connecting flight. Long lines at every check point. Pros: "All was good. Excellent price. Plenty of space. Crew was nice and helpful, as always with Turkish Airlines. The flight was on schedule." Cons: "The food was basic, but I understand this, as we have the pandemics, and there is no opportunity for cooking." Pros: "It was ontime" Cons: "Plane dirty toilets disgusting, much to warm in cabin, very tight seats and Turkish doesn’t enforce their carryon luggage regulations do boarding takes ages" Cons: "I just wish they used newer planes on this route but everything else was perfect!" Pros: "I have flown Turkish Air many times for the past 8 years and they are a solid airline. They have very good food for airplane food, and a decent entertainment center." Cons: "Unfortunately they have moved away from their Exonomy Plus seats that were great and ample room, whereas now their seating in exonomy is very cramped. They also used to have nice amenities on long international flights like a hot towel and some Turkish Delight before takeoff and landing, but they no longer have that. And my biggest complaint is that they keep their planes unbearably hot most ost of the time. It’s by far the most frustrating thing when your cramped in their tiny spaces for 11 hours." Pros: "Crew were polite and helpful" Cons: "Seats were especially cramped and tight and leg room was uncomfortable and I am a short person." Pros: "Food was good conpared to other airline companies. Entertainment was good too, lot of choice." Cons: "Some flight attendants were impatient/looked unhappy." Cons: "Flight delayed an hour and a half! And killed my connection, so an uncompensated extra seven hours in Istanbul airport." ANA8.6 Emirates8.3 Qatar Airways8.2 SWISS8.0 Turkish Airlines7.9 Book cheap flights from Montreal to Manila Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Montreal to Manila found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 21/1Sun 3 stops 59h 10mYUL-MNL C$ 562 Search 28/1Sun 3 stops 43h 40mYUL-MNL C$ 657 Search 14/1Sun 2 stopsUnited Airlines 47h 20mYUL-MNL C$ 721 Search 22/2Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 34h 50mYUL-MNL C$ 722 Search 28/1Sun 1 stopTurkish Airlines 31h 15mYUL-MNL C$ 797 Search 25/1Thu 1 stopQatar Airways 36h 20mYUL-MNL C$ 971 Search 11/4Thu 1 stopQatar Airways 22h 20mYUL-MNL C$ 987 Search 18/1Thu 1 stopEmirates 23h 15mYUL-MNL C$ 1,118 Search 17/1Wed 1 stopEmirates 23h 15mYUL-MNL C$ 1,120 Search 20/12Wed 1 stopTurkish Airlines 31h 15mYUL-MNL C$ 1,854 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineUnited AirlinesTurkish AirlinesQatar AirwaysEmirates Search by priceC$ 660 or lessC$ 720 or lessC$ 970 or lessC$ 1,120 or lessC$ 1,850 or less Last minute flights from Montreal to Manila Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Montreal to Manila that are departing in the next 10 days. 1/12Fri multi-stop 38h 30mYUL-MNL 11/12Mon multi-stop 24h 30mMNL-YUL C$ 1,489 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopANA 51h 00mYUL-MNL 9/12Sat multi-stopANA 24h 32mMNL-YUL C$ 1,549 Search 1/12Fri multi-stop 51h 00mYUL-MNL 9/12Sat multi-stop 34h 00mMNL-YUL C$ 1,678 Search 1/12Fri multi-stop 51h 00mYUL-MNL 8/12Fri multi-stop 47h 34mMNL-YUL C$ 1,695 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopKorean Air 40h 00mYUL-MNL 8/12Fri multi-stopKorean Air 50h 36mMNL-YUL C$ 1,910 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopKorean Air 40h 00mYUL-MNL 10/12Sun multi-stopKorean Air 47h 29mMNL-YUL C$ 1,929 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopCathay Pacific 37h 30mYUL-MNL 30/12Sat multi-stopCathay Pacific 29h 46mMNL-YUL C$ 2,012 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopQatar Airways 30h 40mYUL-MNL 11/12Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 27h 10mMNL-YUL C$ 2,128 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 56h 00mYUL-MNL 30/12Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 20h 00mMNL-YUL C$ 2,129 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 30h 40mYUL-MNL 15/12Fri multi-stopQatar Airways 41h 25mMNL-YUL C$ 2,132 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineANAKorean AirCathay PacificQatar AirwaysUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 1,550 or lessC$ 1,700 or lessC$ 1,930 or lessC$ 2,130 or lessC$ 2,130 or less Montreal - Manila Flights Departure: Montreal (YUL)Canada Destination: Manila (MNL)Philippines Return flight deals: Manila - Montreal Cabin classes: First Class flights to Manila Business Class flights to Manila Prem Econ Class flights to Manila Economy Class flights to Manila Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 1,292Flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Manila Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Philippines » Manila C$ 1,276Flights to Manila, Manila Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Moncton Flights to Victoria Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Manila flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Manila from Montreal. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Manila from Montreal. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.