Cheap Flights from Atlanta to Seattle from $42 | (ATL - SEA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ATL - SEA Find cheap flights from Atlanta to Seattle from $42 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Seattle These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Seattle. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to Seattle. How much is the cheapest flight from Atlanta to Seattle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Atlanta to Seattle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:05 am - 9:10 pmATL-SEA 15h 05m1 stop 9:42 am - 11:29 pmSEA-ATL 10h 47m1 stop $84Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Wed, Jan 17 9:05 am - 9:10 pmATL-SEA 15h 05m1 stop 10:00 pm - 11:48 pmSEA-ATL 22h 48m2 stops $92Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Wed, Jan 17 10:00 am - 8:14 pmATL-SEA 13h 14m1 stop 4:51 pm - 10:33 amSEA-ATL 14h 42m1 stop $138Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Thu, Jan 25 9:49 pm - 2:02 pmATL-SEA 19h 13m1 stop 5:56 pm - 10:33 amSEA-ATL 13h 37m1 stop $141Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Fri, Jan 19 6:30 am - 6:49 pmATL-SEA 15h 19m2 stops 10:57 am - 9:07 pmSEA-ATL 7h 10m1 stop $237United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 8 - Wed, Feb 14 9:20 pm - 11:53 pmATL-SEA 5h 33mnonstop 6:00 am - 1:46 pmSEA-ATL 4h 46mnonstop $238Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Wed, Jan 17 5:10 pm - 7:55 pmATL-SEA 5h 45mnonstop 4:20 pm - 11:59 pmSEA-ATL 4h 39mnonstop $258Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Thu, Jan 25 7:00 am - 9:40 amATL-SEA 5h 40mnonstop 8:24 am - 4:08 pmSEA-ATL 4h 44mnonstop $268Alaska Airlines Find Deal Mon, Mar 4 - Tue, Mar 5 6:30 am - 6:49 pmATL-SEA 15h 19m2 stops 6:38 am - 9:07 pmSEA-ATL 11h 29m2 stops $273United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Fri, Jan 19 8:00 am - 10:39 amATL-SEA 5h 39mnonstop 6:10 am - 9:50 pmSEA-ATL 12h 40m1 stop $342Delta Find Deal Tue, Mar 5 - Wed, Mar 6 Show more results Flights from Atlanta to Seattle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Atlanta to Seattle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Atlanta to Seattle? The average price of all flights from Atlanta to Seattle clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Atlanta to Seattle, look for departures on Tuesdays and avoid leaving on a Sunday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Seattle, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Atlanta to Seattle? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Atlanta to Seattle is February, where tickets cost $275 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and May, where the average cost of tickets is $468 and $438 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Atlanta to Seattle? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Atlanta to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Atlanta to Seattle, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 27 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Atlanta to Seattle? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Spirit Airlines ($42) and Frontier ($68). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($84) and Frontier ($138). Which airlines fly non-stop between Atlanta and Seattle? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Atlanta to Seattle. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Atlanta to Seattle. They are Alaska Airlines and Delta. The cheapest airline for this route is Alaska Airlines, with the best one-way deal found costing $179. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Alaska Airlines. How many flights are there between Atlanta and Seattle per day? Each day, there are between 5 and 11 nonstop flights that take off from Atlanta and land in Seattle, with an average flight time of 5h 45m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 58 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Atlanta and Seattle? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Atlanta to Seattle take? Nonstop flights from Atlanta generally make it to Seattle in 5h 29m. The flying distance between the two cities is 2,176 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Atlanta to Seattle? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Atlanta at 7:00 am and will be landing in Seattle at 9:48 am. What’s the latest departure time from Atlanta to Seattle? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Atlanta to Seattle jets off at 9:25 pm and lands at 12:11 am. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $42 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 14% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 24% increase in price. Flight from Atlanta to Seattle When to book flights from Atlanta to Seattle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Atlanta to Seattle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Atlanta to Seattle When flying from Atlanta to Seattle, should I fly to Seattle / Tacoma International Airport (SEA) or King County International Airport (BFI)? When looking to reach Seattle easily, travelers in a hurry should consider King County International Airport (BFI). It's located slightly outside of downtown Seattle and is easily accessible via public transportation with a 30-minute bus ride. Furthermore, the airport offers travelers a less congested experience compared to SEA or Seattle Lake Union SPB (LKE). Which Airports have direct flights from Atlanta to Seattle? Passengers planning to travel from Atlanta to Seattle will likely use Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport (ATL) and Seattle/Tacoma International Airport (SEA). Several airlines flying between these two airports are direct, with no additional stops/layovers. Are there service relief areas at Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson (ATL)? ATL welcomes passengers traveling with service animals, with each concourse offering an indoor service animal relief area. Also, the airport hosts a big dog park in the Domestic Terminal South Ground Transportation area outside W1 and W2 doors. The area offers eco-friendly bags as well as seats for those wishing to relax while their pets explore. Which airline is ideal for families traveling from Atlanta to Seattle? Delta Airlines provides a great option for families flying from Atlanta to Seattle. This is because the airline is popular for its ample seat selection options, free on-board Wi-Fi, and delicious snack bars. With Delta's extra legroom, families can relax in comfort while they travel. Does Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson offer support for travelers with disabilities? Yes, several facilities at ATL are designed for use by travelers with disabilities. The Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority bus provides elevator access for passengers with disabilities. There is also adapted parking at the Airport Park-Ride facility for travelers with disabilities. Contact your airline in advance in case you need wheelchair assistance in order to reserve the service for you. What is the easiest way of traveling to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson? MARTA trains are the easiest way to get from Atlanta downtown to the ATL airport. The trains link the city center with the ATL, with a station near the Baggage Claim. With schedules and rides that depart often, travelers can find themselves in the airport without fear of missing out on the flight. Does Seattle Airport have a public mode of transportation? There are scheduled public transport buses that are lift-equipped at the airport. There is a free shuttle service offered by Link Light Rail between the airport terminal and airport station. Ground transportation services are also available. Is there a lost and found service at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA)? If you have lost or misplaced your item in the airport, you have to file a lost property report free of charge on the airport website. If you lost/forgot your items on the plane, airlines have lost and found services. You have to contact your airline for further assistance. Are there any parking services in Hartsfield-Jackson(ATL) airport? There are numerous parking options for domestic and international parking available at Atlanta airport. That is long term and short-term parking option. There are three alternatives for long-term parking options: economy parking at $10, park ride lots at $10, and daily lots at $14. You can also get long-term parking options away from the airport starting from $5. Short-term parking options are available from $3, including hourly and daily parking rates. Which airline will I be using from Atlanta airport? Atlanta Airport offers multiple nonstop flights weekly between Atlanta and Seattle. There are various airlines, including KLM, Delta, WestJet, multiple airlines, Frontier, etc. Do I need a passport to fly between Atlanta and Seattle? A passport is not required to fly from Atlanta to Seattle. Which airports will I be using when flying from Atlanta to Seattle? When flying out of Atlanta you will be using Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson. You will be landing at Seattle, also known as Seattle/Tacoma Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Atlanta to Seattle? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Atlanta to Seattle flight route: Delta, Spirit Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Cape Air, American Airlines, Silver Airways, JetBlue, Horizon Air, and Undisclosed Carrier. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Atlanta to Seattle? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Atlanta to Seattle flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Atlanta to Seattle? SkyTeam, oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Atlanta and Seattle, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Atlanta to Seattle? There are nonstop flights from Atlanta to Seattle on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Atlanta to Seattle, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Atlanta to Seattle are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $388 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $448 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Atlanta to Seattle? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Atlanta to Seattle. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Atlanta to Seattle? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Seattle from Atlanta is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Atlanta to Seattle? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Seattle with an airline and back to Atlanta with another airline. Booking your flights between Atlanta and SEA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Atlanta to Seattle? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Seattle from Atlanta up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ATL to Seattle Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $200 or less one-way and $328 or less round-trip. Alaska Airlines and Delta are the go-to airlines for environmentally-conscious travelers on this route. Their flights contribute less carbon dioxide emissions to the atmosphere, and as a result, reduce the amount of CO₂ emitted per person for this route. When you fly United Airlines, you will have layovers at the George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston (IAH) and the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport (DFW). If instead you choose to fly Spirit Airlines, you may stop at Chicago O’Hare International Airport (ORD) and Las Vegas Harry Reid International Airport (LAS). When flying to Seattle, you can leave your car at Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson (ATL). The Airport provides 24/7 parking at both Domestic and International terminals, with direct access to the terminals. Upon entering the Economy parking lot, you'll be able to obtain a ticket through an Automated Ticket Dispenser. Check out the current lot status signage near the terminals for updates before heading down. Are you going for a business trip or holiday trip from Atlanta, Georgia to Seattle, Washington? Hartsfield-Jackson (ATL) airport is approximately 10 miles from downtown Atlanta. It will take you 13-20min to reach Hartsfield-Jackson airport. It will cost you around $16.50 if you book the Atlanta Airport shuttle from downtown. If you board a flight from Hartsfield-Jackson airport, you will alight at Seattle Airport. Seattle Airport is around 11 miles from downtown Seattle. The airport has an accessible transportation mode, including flat rate vehicles and taxi services to and from the airport. Each of them is wheelchair accessible. However, you have to book with ABM taxi service if you need a wheelchair taxi. All taxis depart from the 3rd floor of the parking garage. If you need additional assistance, then you can consider an app-based rideshare to make your booking. Atlanta Airport has two terminals: the Maynard H. Jackson Jr International terminal and the domestic terminal. The domestic terminal has south and north entrances, with the south domestic terminal serving Delta passengers. It will take you 12min between the terminal by using the shuttle services available. Seattle Airport has various services and amenities for passengers. If you feel exhausted and have an empty stomach after the flight, there are restaurants. You can get seafood, Italian dishes, American and Japanese food from COMO, Outlier, and many other restaurants available. Lounges are available in various locations in the airport starting from $45 for a day pass. As you wait for your flight at Atlanta Airport, you can keep yourself busy and entertained online by using the airport's free Wi-Fi. Airline lounges like Delta Sky Club, United Club, The Club at ATL, and American Airlines Admiral Club are also available. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Seattle/Tacoma Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Hartsfield-Jackson to Seattle/Tacoma Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +10 more Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Atlanta to Seattle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Atlanta to Seattle. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Atlanta to Seattle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 88crew 82comfort 79food 85boarding 78entertainment 85overall Airline reviews Cleaning bathroom more and make sure the toilet lids are new and not yellow 💛Read more about Alaska Airlines Cleaning bathroom more and make sure the toilet lids are new and not yellow 💛 I love everything I would love to fly again with you soon ❤️ Just the staff was the only thing to like about this airline, the flight was late departure, then late getting to Seattle, the air was not working properly Pros: "Food was excellent service was good" Cons: "Boarding was too slow we sat at gate for almost an hour for baggage to be loaded" Pros: "Great crew, smooth landing." Cons: "The “Mediterranean tapas” meal is basically a tiny tiny school lunch, minus the comfort of PB&J. Want dried apricots? You get FOUR. All in all not too bad though. The entertainment/WiFi system is limiting- maybe REMIND us to bring headphones? And no WiFi unless you have T-Mobile? Tease." Cons: "Alaska gate agents blamed us for our Supersaver tickets (that were not cheap) for the reason they had our young children sitting on their own in middle seats with strangers. It wasn't until I insisted it wasn't safe that they found a pair of two seats together so each child could be with a parent." Pros: "Crew was very nice." Cons: "Boarding was very hectic. This caused the plane to be delayed" Pros: "Everything except ATL maneuvering nightmare. When I deplaned Delta I mistakenly got the Delta flight to Seattle gate info. OK. It turned into a very hard time after that just to obtain correct GATE location for ALASKA AIRLINES flight to Seattle. The mobile check- info was incorrect. Would have saved me the struggle to change terminals and ride escalators with luggage for what seemed like forever." Cons: "The above" Pros: "Attendants treat passengers with respect and a smile. A seasoned crew that worked hard the entire flight." Pros: "Flight was delayed 3 hours. But once it finally got in air flight and service was better than most. Fortunately we have a one day layover so we didn,t miss any connections like others on the flight." Pros: "I love JetBlue! Roomy, well-appointed, great amenities and clean." Cons: "My entertainment system wasn't working. Kept freezing and restarting. I was allowed ton switch seats, but the same thing happened on the others I tried." Cons: "Nobody speaks english. Announcement also in Portuguese. Very difficult for foreigners. Gate people are awful." Cons: "Our flight out of Atlanta was delayed twice, and eventually cancelled due to mechanical problems - this caused us to miss our connecting flight from JFK to TLV. We had to rescheduled our flights (slow and convoluted route): Atlanta, Boston, Newark, Tel Aviv. We are presently in Boston." Cons: "The door wouldn’t open once we arrived in Detroit" Pros: "Nice plane, amenities" Cons: "Better information about perpetual delays - honesty about delay. Information to respond appropriately." Pros: "The staff was very nice." Cons: "We wasnt told how to use the tvs and where to put earbuds." Pros: "The plane looked brand new Everything thing worked TV WFi Excellent staff. Could not believe I got all this for JetBlue Basic fare." Cons: "Always the boarding process. Nothing to do with JetBlue staff they were excellent Passengers need to understand and adhere to carry on restrictions" Pros: "We arrived at the airport early because we had to check out of our Hotel at 11 AM with luggage and no car, so we headed to the airport knowing there would be a 5 hours delay. Okay, we will have lunch, read a bit and we will get through this 5 hours.Then 2 hours later, we learned the flight was delayed another 3.5 hours. So almost 9 hours later, we finally flew out. $70.00 in meals plus checking our luggage for $25.00 each suitcase added up. Others were offered free checking of luggage due to limited overhead storage. Only learned of a free "snack pack" to give us some food after other passengers told us of it. It was not advertised. The plane ride was nice with a free drink and potato chip plus a free movie. We noticed that our plane was not full. We were told our plane was sent to New Mexico (State) were a plane was canceled. So, I ask why is our plane being canceled to assist another plane in New Mexico at our expense? Why were they not impacted and we were?" Cons: "We arrived at the airport early because we had to check out of our Hotel at 11 AM with luggage and no car, so we headed to the airport knowing there would be a 5 hours delay. Okay we will have lunch, read a bit and we will get through this 5 hours.Then 2 hours later, we learned the flight was delayed nearly another 4 hours. So almost 9 hours later, we finally flew out. $70.00 in meals plus checking our luggage for $25.00 each suitcase added up. Later others were offered free checking of luggage due to limited overhead storage. Only learned of a free "snack pack" to give us some food after other passengers told us of it. It was not advertised. After backing out, the plane returned due to a passenger getting onto the wrong flight. There was a guy who was supposed to be on another flight or something. How can this happen? Again another 25 minute delay. The plane ride was nice with a free drink and potato chips plus a free TV/movies. We noticed that our plane was not full. We were told our original plane was sent to New Mexico (State) were a plane was canceled. So, I ask why is our plane being canceled to assist another plane in New Mexico State at our expense? Why were they not impacted and we were? A couple was flying to Seattle to "Be with their dying son" and there was an urgency. They too had to wait nearly 4 hours more. Was the flight from New Mexico was on time? SHAME SHAME SHAME." Pros: "The legroom is fantastic in coach!" Cons: "The in flight entertainment head phone jack didn’t work the best." Cons: "The flight was delayed by 3 hours because of storms in Atlanta earlier. This caused us to miss our connection to Fairbanks in Seattle, so we had to spend the night in Seattle at our own cost." Pros: "I had a great seat and the crew was very helpful and nice! It went very smoothly, especially considering the circumstances, and we even got there early!" Cons: "I accidentally put this in the wrong survey (the PNS-ATL) one but there was a lot of changing of gates and running around before the flight. I understand how hectic this whole situation is though so I don’t blame you all at all and everyone I talked to was very helpful. The app helped a lot too with figuring out where I needed to go" Pros: "On a quick 40 minute flight they still managed to serve coffee, water and snacks." Cons: "Seats are terrible - need replacing-worn out; say like Queen Latina, setting on top of one another; absolutely no leg room!" Pros: "Seats confort for nearly a 5 hours flights were ok. Entertainment system is working good." Cons: "For a more than $800 ticket on a domestic flight: The flight could have been on time The food is not free and limited Entertainment system: the choice of programs and movies is a little bit too limited." Pros: "We actually did not fly this route. We bought a car and drove home!" Pros: "Good flight as always with Delta. Sat in economy comfort, so of course the seats was comfortable. Flight Attendants were great." Pros: "The flight left on time and arrived on time, crew was pleasant and helpful." Cons: "I am over 6 foot so comfort for me isn’t possible. It was an older aircraft so the seat monitor was of the older version but it did work and helped to pass the time while I was in my no leg room seat! I am NOT over weight! With turbulence there was only one opportunity for inflight beverage service." Pros: "Got me there Safely" Cons: "Couldn’t understand announcements... at all! By flight attendant or pilot" Cons: "There was no food or entertainment. There was a problem with the seat of the person in front of me. He couldn't keep his seat straight and his head was in my lap throughout the flight." Flight late …60 minutes No food No wifi No entertainment system A disaster!!! The flight was on time and they didn't loose my luggage. The plane wasn't very clean. The plane was so hot and the air above was basically nothing. Only issue was noise, but that was two women talking very loudly and even head phones didn't drown out. No issue with airline other than being late. Pros: "The crew was fine" Cons: "the checked luggage took over an hour to arrive at the carousel. ZERO communication. Other flights arrived after ours and all their baggage arrived and they all left while we stood. No information. No explanation. Poor" Cons: "My seats were preassigned and at 24 hour check In you have to pay to change from economy to economy into a available seat. Make no sense and is rude. Very disappointed in WestJet and I’m anElite member." Pros: "The crew took care of my wife and I when our flights were accidently cancelled. Literally were the last people on the plane. It was unbelievable to see their efforts and patience. Completely grateful." Cons: "flight was delayed 2 hours, could have been some better communication on the delay" Pros: "Short and Sweet smooth fligjt" Cons: "Horrible delays in boarding no tv no entertainment at all." Pros: "The seating in the 737 was comfortable." Cons: "This flight was booked as a connection through Atlanta on Delta. When I checked in (on the previous flight) was able to select seats or print a boarding pass for the Atlanta to Calgary leg." Cons: "The flight comfort was very bad. The plane was extremely warm and people we beginning to feel bad. Several mentioned it and asked multiple times to have the the cabin air conditioning turned down" Pros: "ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!" Cons: "At 12:40 p.m. we boarded American Airlines flight 1350 in ATL, just to SIT on plane for 1 1/2 hours (half the time with NO AIR). Computer problems. Had to get off plane, then had to wait in 3 lines. Agents were so UNPROFESSIONAL! Kept saying flight would go... DID NOT go until another plane came in at 9:00 PM! We, needless to say missed our connecting flight to SYDNEY and had to wait til next day and fly to SAN FRANCISCO, then to MELBOURNE, then on to Christchurch. We MISSED out on TWO DAYS of our short trip! which included missed reservations!!" Pros: "The airplane was modern, clean and comfortable and the flight was on time" Cons: "Everything was good" Pros: "On-board staff were professional and kept everything running smoothly and with great communication from the pilot." Cons: "Claiming baggage at LaGuardia was an hours-long process for everyone on the flight leading to raised tension and lots of tired folks on what was already a late (and delayed flight)." Pros: "VEry good Cabin crew and the plane was reasonable new" Pros: "Smooth flight, pilots were friendly. It was a nice flight" Pros: "The flight was good crew members was nice and professional." Pros: "The flight attendants were nice and helpful" Cons: "First of all flight was delayed an hour and a half.. Then I went to get something to eat to kill time just to find out they switched the gate causing me to have to run all the way to the new gate then they close the door as I was walking up and told me I missed my flight even though the plane was still there for another 15 minutes.. so I had to fly standby on the next flight which was another hour and a half later.. I arrived at the airport at 12:30 and didn't end up catching a flight until 7:45 p.m.... oh and I forgot to mention that I originally paid for an upgrade for priority seating with more legroom that I never received because they put me on the very last seat that you can't even replying because there is a wall behind you.. SMH" Pros: "food" Cons: "My flight was overbooked. I almost didn't make it home." Cons: "They cancelled the flight and put me to fly the next day" Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Atlanta to Seattle Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Atlanta to Seattle found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/9Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 14h 17mATL-SEA $42 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 15h 05mATL-SEA $44 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopFrontier 20h 48mATL-SEA $68 Search 1/17Wed 1 stopFrontier 9h 32mATL-SEA $69 Search 1/30Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 40mATL-SEA $119 Search 1/29Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 45mATL-SEA $139 Search 12/20Wed nonstopDelta 5h 39mATL-SEA $189 Search 1/6Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 19h 20mATL-SEA $223 Search 12/30Sat nonstopDelta 5h 41mATL-SEA $269 Search 12/9Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 18h 45mATL-SEA $303 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAlaska AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$70 or less$140 or less$220 or less$300 or less Last minute flights from Atlanta to Seattle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Atlanta to Seattle that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 15h 23mATL-SEA 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 35mSEA-ATL $126 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 15h 23mATL-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 35mSEA-ATL $176 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopFrontier 15h 55mATL-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopFrontier 14h 59mSEA-ATL $228 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 15h 54mATL-SEA 12/10Sun multi-stopFrontier 39h 25mSEA-ATL $235 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 20h 42mATL-SEA 12/6Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 4h 39mSEA-ATL $594 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 40mATL-SEA 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 16mSEA-ATL $624 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 17h 14mATL-SEA 12/1Fri nonstopAlaska Airlines 4h 38mSEA-ATL $644 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 5h 50mATL-SEA 12/12Tue nonstopDelta 4h 53mSEA-ATL $668 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 10h 34mATL-SEA 12/12Tue nonstopDelta 4h 53mSEA-ATL $732 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 9h 27mATL-SEA 12/10Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 11h 21mSEA-ATL $846 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAlaska AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$180 or less$240 or less$620 or less$670 or less$850 or less Atlanta - Seattle Flights Departure: Atlanta (ATL)United States Destination: Seattle (SEA)United States Return flight deals: Seattle - Atlanta Cabin classes: $624 First Class flights to Seattle $769 Business Class flights to Seattle $771 Prem Econ Class flights to Seattle $184 Economy Class flights to Seattle Browse origins: Flights » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $84Flights from Atlanta to Seattle Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Washington » Seattle $84Flights to Seattle, Seattle Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Honolulu Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Seattle flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Seattle from Atlanta. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Seattle from Atlanta. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.