Cheap Flights from Calgary to Reykjavik-Keflavik from C$ 425 | (YYC - KEF) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYC - KEF Find cheap flights from Calgary to Reykjavik from C$ 425 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 27/5. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Reykjavik These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Reykjavik, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Reykjavik, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Calgary to Keflavik Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Calgary to Keflavik Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:05 p.m. - 6:20 a.m.YYC-KEF 31h 15m1 stop 9:45 a.m. - 10:43 a.m.KEF-YYC 6h 58mdirect C$ 811 Find Deal Fri, 12 Apr - Thu, 23 May 12:20 a.m. - 6:20 a.m.YYC-KEF 24h 00m1 stop 9:45 a.m. - 10:43 a.m.KEF-YYC 6h 58mdirect C$ 867 Find Deal Thu, 11 Apr - Thu, 23 May 5:00 p.m. - 11:30 p.m.YYC-KEF 24h 30m1 stop 12:25 a.m. - 11:30 a.m.KEF-YYC 17h 05m1 stop C$ 912Lufthansa Find Deal Fri, 12 Apr - Wed, 22 May 5:00 p.m. - 11:30 p.m.YYC-KEF 24h 30m1 stop 12:25 a.m. - 11:30 a.m.KEF-YYC 17h 05m1 stop C$ 956Lufthansa Find Deal Thu, 9 May - Sun, 19 May 8:05 a.m. - 9:15 a.m.YYC-KEF 19h 10m2 stops 11:15 a.m. - 11:45 a.m.KEF-YYC 30h 30m2 stops C$ 1,073Delta Find Deal Thu, 9 May - Mon, 20 May 7:45 a.m. - 6:20 a.m.YYC-KEF 16h 35m2 stops 11:15 a.m. - 11:45 a.m.KEF-YYC 30h 30m2 stops C$ 1,074Delta Find Deal Thu, 9 May - Mon, 20 May 5:00 p.m. - 11:30 p.m.YYC-KEF 24h 30m1 stop 12:10 a.m. - 11:20 p.m.KEF-YYC 29h 10m2 stops C$ 1,153Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 9 May - Sun, 19 May 5:00 p.m. - 11:30 p.m.YYC-KEF 24h 30m1 stop 12:25 a.m. - 11:30 a.m.KEF-YYC 17h 05m1 stop C$ 1,162Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 9 May - Sun, 19 May 5:00 p.m. - 11:20 p.m.YYC-KEF 24h 20m2 stops 12:10 a.m. - 11:30 a.m.KEF-YYC 17h 20m2 stops C$ 1,194Austrian Airlines Find Deal Thu, 9 May - Sun, 19 May 5:00 p.m. - 11:20 p.m.YYC-KEF 24h 20m2 stops 12:10 a.m. - 4:10 p.m.KEF-YYC 46h 00m2 stops C$ 1,230Austrian Airlines Find Deal Thu, 9 May - Sun, 19 May Show more results Flights from Calgary to Keflavik Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Calgary to Keflavik Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Calgary to Reykjavik? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on WestJet (C$ 425) and Air Canada (C$ 1,247). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Lufthansa (C$ 1,238) and Delta (C$ 1,456). How long does a flight from Calgary to Reykjavik take? Flying between Reykjavik and Calgary will take minimum 11h 25m and will require at least one stop. Good to know Cheapest flight C$ 425 Flight from Calgary to Reykjavik When to book flights from Calgary to Keflavik Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Calgary to Keflavik Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Calgary to Reykjavik flights Which airports will I be using when flying from Calgary to Reykjavik? Calgary and Reykjavik are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Calgary from Calgary and will be arriving at Reykjavik Keflavik Intl. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Calgary to Reykjavik? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Calgary to Reykjavik? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Calgary and Reykjavik, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Calgary to Reykjavik? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Calgary to Reykjavik. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Calgary to Reykjavik? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Reykjavik from Calgary is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Calgary to Reykjavik? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Reykjavik with an airline and back to Calgary with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Calgary to Reykjavik? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Reykjavik from Calgary up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top 5 airlines serving from Calgary to Keflavik Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Calgary to Reykjavik. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Calgary to Keflavik Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9114 reviews 82boarding 79food 82overall 78comfort 86crew 77entertainment Airline reviews Thank you to the cordial crew and good hydration throughout the flight, food was good too. Carry ons usually weight by themselves so it does reduce option for cold weather clothes that are heavy, so carryon weight is tight.Read more about SWISS Thank you to the cordial crew and good hydration throughout the flight, food was good too. Carry ons usually weight by themselves so it does reduce option for cold weather clothes that are heavy, so carryon weight is tight. Pros: "Orderly boarding process. Considerate reseating when bulkhead with extra legroom were not usable." Pros: "Crew was really nice can’t complain" Cons: "Other airlines offer free beer or even hard liquor here u have to pay" Pros: "Flight was on time, service onboard inspite of short flight, and the scenery of the Alps was breathtaking" Cons: "Better entertainment for an 8 hour flight. Take under consideration that tall guys can’t be squeezed in for 8 hours.Give some space to people who really need it" Pros: "Best food I've ever had on an airline! Great flight. Not too full." Cons: "Arm rests didn't lift all the way up on the plane." Pros: "There was an abundance of drink carts and dining options, snacks. Thank you!" Cons: "Some of these planes need improved entertainment systems. Half did not work." Cons: "Seats and leg space were uncomfortable, staff could have been friendlier and more presentable (cleaner appearance)" Pros: "They had many snacks and meals. And the meals were very good. Staff was very friendly." Cons: "Seating is very uncomfortable and small. Really limited on space if seat is reclined in front of you." Cons: "The crew responsible for boarding did not provide timely information (especially on who boarding order) and "made up" for this lack of communication by yelling and screaming at passengers as if they were cattle." Ran out of my choice of main course in BClass. Kind of weird combo for substitute. Cons: "The exit row door in 12B kept making a high pitch squealing noise...very unnerving" Pros: "Flight attendants were nice" Cons: "The flight didn’t leave on time because the plane wasn’t ready for takeoff (the engines had to be warmed up... WHY would that not be ready when it was time?!) so we left 30 minutes late, didn’t make up any lost time at all in the air and we ended up missing our connecting flight because of it all." Pros: "The crew was communicative and courteous." Cons: "There was a flight delay in LAX due to a maintenance issue. The captain and crew informed us before we boarded the plane which was excellent. However, they could not figure out what was wrong with the planed and delayed the boarding for another 3 hours, putting our 1900 departure time to 2100." Cons: "Do not lie to the passengers and make a lot of people check their bags when it’s empty overhead bins." Cons: "Both Copenhagen and New York need to go a better job on the flow of passengers through Passport control." Pros: "crew was amazing" Cons: "there was water leaking from window during landing and the food was not hot and was just bland and uncooked" Pros: "The crew was very friendly and helpful. With the plane full they managed to serve all with smiles on their faces and solved all problems, including cabin luggage problem." Pros: "Lots of leg room, smooth flights and plenty of notification of any upcoming turbulence. Delta did fantastic with keeping everything from check-in to landing friendly and professional. Will definitely fly again" Pros: "I called to change seats for my citraveele and it was not adjusted" Flight attendants were awful, very rude and inconsiderate for mothers with small infants traveling. Pros: "The entertainment system was good and the crew excellent. The person in front of me did not put their seat back which made my trip more comfortable. Loading and unloading was orderly and efficient." Cons: "Food could have been better" Cons: "lastminute.com was completely unhelpful in assisting with any changes to my itinerary. They repeatedly provided me with incorrect information that sent me on a wild goose chase." Pros: "Entertainment players" Cons: "Organization when boarding (a line vs. a mob of people from all different boarding groups) not organized at all. Ended up leaving about 45 minutes late." Cons: "Boarding crew was nasty will never fly with you guys again" Pros: "Crew was fantastic and with an exceptional service. Food was really good." Cons: "Maybe the seats coudl be a little bit wider" Pros: "The Austrian Airlines crew was great, very courteous, very professional and friendly. The food service was also excellent." Cons: "My complaints go to something not directly linked to the flight crew. 1. When boarding, I like to see when passengers are called in groups relating to distant seats in the plane such that they do not step over each other during luggage placement. That is more comfortable than let the crowd enter randomly. 2. I notice people enter the cabin with 2, even 3 pieces of luggage. Even though each one has proper dimensions, they overload the overhead compartments and it is hard for everybody to place his/her belongings in a suitable way. 3. The rows in the airplane seems to have gotten closer ti each other. It is not the airlines fault, except perhaps when choosing whose airplanes to buy...but again, there are only two major contenders in that segment. For overseas flights, it is pretty uncomfy. 4. Lastly, unboarding the plane could also be performed (enforced by the crew) to be in a more civil fashion rather than haveing5 a stampedo - again calling separate grouos of rows in the name of fairness, or simply vacating it row by row from the front to back." Pros: "Service was good and the crew was courteous and friendly" Cons: "Online check-in did not allow me to select my seat. It was already assigned and didn't let me change it Boarding was later than scheduled and caused my connecting flight at O'Hare hectic This was the first time that I had ordered Kosher food and I would never make that mistake again, the meal was okay but the sandwich was awful and had no taste!" Pros: "The attendants on Austrian air are all very nice and helpful. You can make any request of them or ask any question and they are happy to help. Great customer service. Arrived on time. Also, very good entertainment options!" Cons: "The seats are very uncomfortable on Austrian air. The only way I would fly them again would be if I had extra money for the exit rows with more leg room. Food isn't great, but no airline food is really great. Boarding was significantly delayed from what it said on the boarding pass, with no updates. But we arrived on time. Getting luggage after flight at Dulles took a really long time, but I think that is more of an airport issue as getting my luggage from another Austrian airlines flight to another airport was a breeze." Pros: "Everything was awesome best flight i had in my life." Cons: "Nothing" Two hour delay in boarding due to no catering. Really? During the boarding process women with small children were not invited to board first and were clumped into general crowd boarding, also during the 3 hr flight there was no food or water offered and I was traveling with a small child who needed water. I would appreciated that next time Luftansa informs that on 3 hr flight there would be no food or water offered so that I can prepare for the flight. In addition, traveling to the plane with the bus and then climbing up the stairs into the aircraft with small child and overhead luggage was probably the worst experience that I had in years traveling. Overall, will try to avoid traveling with Luftansa by all means. Thank you United couldn’t issue boarding pass at the start I have to rush through Frankfurt service desk to get boarding pass while connecting Pros: "I had a connection flight which would not be for another 11 hours so I left the airport to get some sleep coming back the same carry-on I have with me now cannot come with me they want me to pay 40euro. In the meantime the flight is 40% empty and plenty of over head and yes is the same size of plane I came in the first place. However the agent was nice after I explain my situation she not charges me." Cons: "Same airline coming from one place have different methods it’s a bit confusing." Pros: "We had a “light” fare which didn’t include checked bags, but airline let us check our carryon bags for free" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Crew excellent...seats small and not too comfortable for business class." Cons: "Due to a delayed flight the night before, we were rescheduled and consequently missed another flight. Nothing was done about this since it was a separate trip. We had to pay another $1300 for new airline tickets to get back to the US." Cons: "All things were beyond airline control. Screaming children, weather delay, and moderate to heavy turbulence. Wind shear off the deck required pilot to punch through and stick the landing, but recovers well." Pros: "Plane is old and dingy. No charging available and the seats are so uncomfortable. Crew was just ok." Cons: "Food could have been better,there several seats empty ,but couldn't switch seat or food TV wasn't working at all" Cons: "More than an hour late departing. Added to that it was almost an hour before luggage appeared. Not West Jet’s fault but it made us even later resulting in some of our long drive of our drive to Grand Canyon being in the dark." Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)" Cons: "Getting from one flight to the other was a major hassle. How many times do they have to check your boarding pass?" Pros: "Crew were fairly attentive, have experienced better. Liked the Canadian entertainment options, even if very limited." Cons: "Seats were okay, the plane is really showing it's age. Movie selection was very limited, and very dated." Cons: "Minor point. They boarded the plane very early. We got to the gate 1/2 hour before departure, and were almost the last ones to board." Pros: "Dry accommodating staff all around. Thank you" Cons: "More space between people. Not much you can do I understand that. So overall great" Pros: "Crew were very good. The economy seats were "ok". Food was good and the service was very good." Cons: "Entertainment didn't have enough new movies to watch. The leg room could've been better." Cons: "Always a ‘full flight’ and they run out of spacein the overhead storage" Pros: "The flight was cancelled at the last minute I had to buy another flight with Air Canada that cost me double the price and i was stuck at the airport all day !!!! The Air Canada flight was at 6.30pm ,and the West Jet was suppose to leave at 11.30am" Cons: "Flight was delayed 2 hours, then at the gate boarding didn’t start till 10 mins before take off. Took off almost an hour after the delayed take off time." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 WestJet7.7 Book cheap flights from Calgary to Reykjavik Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Calgary to Reykjavik found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 27/5Mon directWestJet 6h 30mYYC-KEF C$ 313 Search 19/3Tue 2 stops 13h 55mYYC-KEF C$ 387 Search 19/3Tue 3 stops 28h 10mYYC-KEF C$ 441 Search 19/3Tue 1 stop 13h 30mYYC-KEF C$ 458 Search 27/5Mon 2 stops 13h 50mYYC-KEF C$ 487 Search 27/5Mon 3 stops 16h 10mYYC-KEF C$ 498 Search 27/5Mon 1 stop 14h 00mYYC-KEF C$ 594 Search 26/5Sun 1 stop 26h 20mYYC-KEF C$ 688 Search 18/3Mon 1 stop 24h 05mYYC-KEF C$ 692 Search 26/5Sun 2 stopsAir Canada 24h 20mYYC-KEF C$ 919 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetAir Canada Search by priceC$ 390 or lessC$ 460 or lessC$ 500 or lessC$ 690 or lessC$ 920 or less Calgary - Reykjavik Flights Departure: Calgary (YYC)Canada Destination: Reykjavik (KEF)Iceland Return flight deals: Reykjavik - Calgary Cabin classes: First Class flights to Reykjavik Business Class flights to Reykjavik Prem Econ Class flights to Reykjavik Economy Class flights to Reykjavik Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Alberta » Calgary C$ 816Flights from Calgary to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Iceland » Reykjavik-Keflavik Airport C$ 816Flights to Reykjavik Keflavik Intl Airport, Reykjavik Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Victoria Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to Halifax Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Reykjavik flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Reykjavik from Calgary. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Reykjavik from Calgary. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.