Cheap Flights from New York JFK to Lisbon from $170 | (JFK - LIS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JFK - LIS Find cheap flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon from $170 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/29. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Lisbon These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Lisbon. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Lisbon. How much is the cheapest flight from John F Kennedy Intl to Lisbon?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Lisbon that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:00 pm - 9:40 amJFK-LIS 6h 40mnonstop 4:45 pm - 8:05 pmLIS-JFK 8h 20mnonstop $415TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Fri, Mar 1 - Fri, Mar 8 10:00 pm - 9:40 amJFK-LIS 6h 40mnonstop 4:50 pm - 8:05 pmLIS-JFK 8h 15mnonstop $416TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Sun, Feb 11 7:55 pm - 8:00 amJFK-LIS 7h 05mnonstop 10:00 am - 1:20 pmLIS-JFK 8h 20mnonstop $511Delta Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Fri, Dec 22 8:05 pm - 8:00 amJFK-LIS 6h 55mnonstop 10:00 am - 1:25 pmLIS-JFK 8h 25mnonstop $514Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sat, Jan 20 10:25 pm - 2:50 pmJFK-LIS 11h 25m1 stop 12:55 pm - 10:10 pmLIS-JFK 14h 15m1 stop $537British Airways Find Deal Sun, Feb 18 - Sun, Feb 25 7:05 pm - 4:05 pmJFK-LIS 16h 00m2 stops 12:30 pm - 6:55 pmLIS-JFK 11h 25m1 stop $539Iberia Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Sun, Feb 18 11:25 pm - 10:35 pmJFK-LIS 18h 10m1 stop 6:45 pm - 12:45 pmLIS-JFK 23h 00m1 stop $542British Airways Find Deal Sat, Feb 17 - Fri, Feb 23 8:45 pm - 4:05 pmJFK-LIS 14h 20m2 stops 6:30 am - 2:15 pmLIS-JFK 11h 45m1 stop $553Iberia Find Deal Wed, Mar 6 - Wed, Mar 13 9:10 pm - 11:30 pmJFK-LIS 21h 20m1 stop 6:00 am - 7:45 pmLIS-JFK 18h 45m1 stop $578Azores Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 28 - Sat, Jan 13 9:10 pm - 11:30 pmJFK-LIS 21h 20m1 stop 6:00 am - 7:45 pmLIS-JFK 18h 45m1 stop $589Azores Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Sat, Jan 20 Show more results Flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Lisbon - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Lisbon to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Lisbon? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Lisbon, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Lisbon is January, where tickets cost $585 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,095 and $1,072 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Lisbon? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Lisbon, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Lisbon, you should book around 1 day before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 47 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $415 on TAP AIR PORTUGAL, followed by Vueling ($495). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $254 on Azores Airlines and from $314 on Air Europa. Which airlines fly non-stop between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Lisbon? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Lisbon. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Lisbon. They are Delta and TAP AIR PORTUGAL. The cheapest airline for this route is TAP AIR PORTUGAL, with the best one-way deal found costing $407. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at TAP AIR PORTUGAL. How many flights are there between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Lisbon per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 3 nonstop flights that take off from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and land in Lisbon, with an average flight time of 6h 47m. The most common departure time is 10:00 pm and most flights take off at night. Each week, there are 20 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 15% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Lisbon? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon take? The average nonstop flight takes 6h 40m, covering a distance of 3,356 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport at 7:55 pm and will be landing in Lisbon at 8:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Lisbon jets off at 10:00 pm and lands at 9:40 am. Good to know Low season December High season August Cheapest flight $170 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 10% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 8% increase in price. Flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon When to book flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Lisbon Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from John F Kennedy Intl to Lisbon based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon flights What flight options do I have from JFK to Lisbon? There are various flight options for passengers flying through JFK to Lisbon. You can either opt for a one-stop or two-stop option flight. KLM, Delta, Azores Airlines, Air Europa, American Airlines, and Iberia Airlines are some of the airlines that frequently offer one-stop flights along this route. These airlines have layovers at multiple airports, including BOS, AMS, CDG, PDL, and MAD. Does JFK have a pet relief facility? Passengers flying through JFK with their four-legged companions can now have access to pet relief facilities to take a potty break. These pet relief zones are situated throughout all the airport terminals. These areas are equipped with fire hydrants, sinks, and disposable waste bags to keep the areas clean. What is the best transportation option from the airport to Lisbon? From Lisbon Humberto Delgado International Airport to Lisbon, there are various ground transportation options that you can opt for, including the Aerobus, shuttles, trains, metro, taxis, and buses. However, if you want the freedom to move around Lisbon hassle-free, you can opt for car rental services from agencies like Avis, Hertz, Budget, SIXT, Enterprise, and Europcar, with rental booths at the airport near the baggage claim area. You can use the airport shuttle services from the departure terminal to get to this location. Is there a USO lounge at JFK? Active US military personnel and families flying through JFK can access free amenities at services at the USO lounge on the Landside near the Baggage Claim area in Terminal 5. The lounge offers exceptional services such as a lending library, TV and lounge chairs, printers, charging stations, computers, beverages, and snacks. Do I need a passport to fly between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Lisbon? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon? On your way to Lisbon, you’ll fly out from New York John F Kennedy Intl. You’ll be landing at Lisbon Humberto Delgado. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon flight route: United Airlines, Iberia, Brussels Airlines, SWISS, Air France, and Aeromexico. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon? The Boeing 767-300 (winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon? SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Lisbon, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon? There are nonstop flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to Lisbon, SWISS or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to Lisbon are SWISS and Delta. With an average price for the route of $654 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $899 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Lisbon from New York John F Kennedy Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Lisbon with an airline and back to New York John F Kennedy Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and LIS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Lisbon? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Lisbon from New York John F Kennedy Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from JFK to Lisbon Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $342 or less one-way and $603 or less round-trip. If you have scheduled an early morning flight from New York John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK), you can spend the night at the TWA hotel. The hotel is located in Terminal 5 of the airport hence easily accessible. This way, you will be able to avoid the early morning commute to JFK, risking missing your flight. Those traveling through JFK with infants can take advantage of the lactation suites located in the Airside Terminal 5. The nursing suites are equipped with baby changing tables for changing diapers, electrical power sockets for pumping, rocking chairs, and soft lighting. The airport also features family washrooms in both the Airside and Landside that families flying through the airport can utilize. When at Lisbon Humberto Delgado International Airport (LIS) and you want to get something to eat, the airport has many food booths that you can access. These eateries include Grab It and Go to Cafe, situated on the landside terminal 1 of LIS. The offer doesn’t feature all round-the-clock dining options in T2. Additionally, you can use the vending machines on the Airside. Are you looking for information at Lisbon Humberto Delgado International Airport? Worry not, the airport has conveniently located information desks on the Landside, arrivals hall, and arrivals hall. JFK is equipped with wheelchair-accessible facilities such as shuttles, restrooms, and parking spaces. It also features elevators that help passengers with limited mobility easily navigate the airport. On the other hand, LIS also offers excellent services such as wheelchairs and extra assistance to passengers with limited mobility upon request. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York John F Kennedy Intl to Lisbon Humberto Delgado? Find which airlines fly direct from John F Kennedy Intl to Humberto Delgado, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York John F Kennedy Intl to Lisbon Humberto Delgado Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Friday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Lisbon Humberto Delgado to New York John F Kennedy Intl Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Friday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Air France, Delta, Emirates, +3 more Air France, Delta, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from John F Kennedy Intl to Lisbon See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to Lisbon. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from John F Kennedy Intl to Lisbon? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 77entertainment 82overall 78comfort 86crew 79food 82boarding Airline reviews Pros: "Friendly and caring attendants. Smooth flight. Good condition of the aircraft."Read more about SWISS Pros: "Friendly and caring attendants. Smooth flight. Good condition of the aircraft." Pros: "The best thing is that they’re always on time" Cons: "The seats are way too cramped" Pros: "Ground Staff (your frontline) were welcoming The seats are most comfortable, the cabin immaculately clean, the Staff polite, helpful and efficient. The flight was smooth including takeoff and Landing Thank You All" Cons: "Have no complaints." Pros: "Booked a flight to Europe. Online check in easy. Luggage dropoff at JFK had no line for online check in. Flight was on time, my luggage arrived in my final destination fine (had 1 transfer). Crew was efficient and attentive." Cons: "Spaces for seats in the economy class are shrinking. With Swiss Air, seems more so as the seats recline quite a bit which is of course good for an 8-9 hours flight. However if the passenger in front of you reclines their seats, you absolutely are forced to recline yours immediately, otherwise no one will fit. Flight attendants have to ask passengers to put the seats back from reclining during meal service so people can open the food tray and are able to access it, that is how much the seats tilt." Pros: "Everyone was very friendly and helpful. They were all multi-lingual and ready to help foreign travelers. The food was good. The plain wasn’t overstuffed with people - actually there were enough open seats that everyone could have a little extra space. Will always check Swiss Air first for international travel." Pros: "It was nice because plane was half empty so had quicker attention from stewards - everything was good." Pros: "It reminds me of school dinners" Cons: "Bland, over cooked No thought into the presentation or flavour" Pros: "Swiss has the most cheerful crews I've seen, and their enthusiasm is infectious which makes it easier to tolerate being cramped in a plane for hours. Also, I love that they give you a Swiss chocolate at the en of the flight." Cons: "While I was on line to board, a flight assistant came to me and asked me if I was flying by myself. When I said yes. they upgraded me to business class. I boarded the plane and took my seat. Shortly before taking off, another flight attendant came to me, told me they made a mistake, and sent me back to my original economy seat (while I was holding my new business boarding pass that they gave me). When I told them they should remedy somehow their mistake, they said they did not have any other extra seat in business and that there was nothing they could do. They did not apologize. They were quite unprofessional and rude. I fly often and I have never experienced something so unprofessional and rude. Alitalia is far better than Swissair in terms of professionalism and of politeness. I will always discourage anyone from flying Swissair. Worst company ever." Pros: "The food provided and the service was excellent." Cons: "The space between the seats are super small and uncomfortable. For a long flight you can barely sleep and your legs hurt after a while." Pros: "Crew are always top notch, free drinks are readily available and entertainment system is great." Cons: "The food portions and quality have definitely declined over the years sadly, as carriers cut costs no doubt." Pros: "I travelled on economy delight, flight was fully packed, yet it felt spacious and comfortable. Lightning was great. Food was yummy! And pilots gave us updates on air travel, and if there were any delays etc." Cons: "Nothing. Had a great trip!" Pros: "The flight itself was good! The one from London to Delhi was better than from JFK to London" Cons: "I wasn’t told about my baggage were being delivered through different airlines the other day!" Pros: "The flight felt so short, service was amazing, food was good. Great overall experience." Cons: "They lost my luggage, and ruined my trip, Customer service doesn't pick up the phone" Pros: "Staff was very friendly, the plane was very clean. Loved the entire trip, except for our uncontrollable weather delay." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "The crew was pleasant and attentive" Cons: "The entertainment system was not good. The touch screen was not calibrated and very hard to select and scroll through. The flight was over a hour late so we missed our connection. Got rebooked okay, but after traveling for 18 hours having to wait three extra hours was a drag." Pros: "Although we were badly delayed the cabin service was excellent in every way. Good meal , cheerful staff and well turned out." Cons: "Incredibly uncomfortable, not enough minimum space to fit my knees behind seat in front when front passenger reclined. 6 hours is too long to have a metal rod sticking straight into your knee caps. Shoulders were squished between other passengers and had to sit twisted the whole way and Im not a large person, but am 6ft. Cabin crew impolite and unhelpful. Food was awful and made my friend sick." Pros: "Fast boarding and nice staff. Food selection was ok" Cons: "One item missing from menu (unavailable). Issues with entertainment system. Bathrooms lacked moisturiser which is always very helpful on long flights where the air is dry" Cons: "Tightly packed seats made for discomfort. My knees were touching the seat in front of me." Cons: "A Boeing 757 should not be used for a 6+ hour flight" Pros: "The entire crew was amazing they were professional friendly and accommodating" Cons: "I checked two bags and paid for them. The flight was full. I dutifully got in line for zone two. Next thing you know, at least 25 people got to board early and have free bag check. Really? I should get $35 dollar refund." Cons: "The flight from. JFK to Barcelona was delayed as well. Their computers were down in Atlanta. So everyone had to have their name hand typed into a computer when boarding. Then the pilot said that our bags are usually weighed and computerized for even distribution on the plane. That system was also down, so we sat on the runway waiting for that problem to be fixed. When we arrived at Barcelona, I unpacked and discovered a jacket and pants in my luggage were wet. The only place that could have happened was at JfK during their rain storm and the luggage weight issue." Cons: "My friend and I was switched to an even worse seating when boarding. Very uncomfortable especially for my friend since he had crutches." Pros: "Crew was ok" Cons: "Plane boarded late, took off late, arrived late. Boarding was confusing and slow." Pros: "Food was amazing tasted and seasoned well. Not bland, really good salad and chicken." Cons: "Delay. (liked kayak delay updates tho!) crew not very attending and it looked like they didnt care. In order to keep folks busy because of the delay. They gave out immigration and customs papers out, but refused to give pen. I literally didn't had one and answer from the crew was like that. " Excuse me do you have a pen by any chance?" . "NO! I dont! asked them" pointing out to other crew members, -this is the best part- the female stewardess had clearly visibly a pen in her front shirt pocket! Sitting around and trying to kill time and no pen still. While busy with food and other stuff, i fell asleep. Then after a while when going to the restroom i asked the male steward if he would have a pen please, he pointed out they dont have any pens. ( please note he marked on his check board, who is getting which meal on the first class)" Cons: "Some of the flight attendants were rude and not very welcoming at all." Pros: "The staff is very friendly. Most pleasant airline I've flown with." Pros: "i like the food and movie choices." Cons: "Crew was little bit rude. They didn’t help me to find the spot for my carry on luggage." Pros: "Another fantastic trip with Turkish Airlines. Everything from their membership in Star Alliance, to their awesome customer service, to their fantastic tasting food." Pros: "Food was great! Crew was excellent and I loved entertainment choices!" Pros: "The staff member who checked me in was very friendly" Cons: "the inflight staff needs to improve their behaviour in dealing with passengers. Some were quite rude. The aircraft seats were extremely cramped. The food selection was quite poor." Cons: "Seats are very comfortable! Very nice flight, crew, entertainment screens are large," Pros: "Everything from boarding to disembarking was good." Cons: "I had an impression that the seats on Turkish Airline were spaced further apart in economy class compared to other airlines based on several of our past trips. This time it was very tight. Dissapointed! Hope they bring the old spacing back." Cons: "The seat are not comfortable for a long flight, I felt I was on a city bus it's very cramped and tight and I'm a medium size person, totally not recommended for heavy people" Pros: "Some of the crew members were sweet, and helpful. I liked that the bathroom had soap and lotion as well." Cons: "The security was rude when we were getting into our gate. They humiliated a man because he didn't understand their accent. There was a group of young employees and they came off as very immature. There was a crying baby next to me for the majority of the 13 hours. They ran out of food, and I had no choice but to eat the pasta option even though I do not eat pasta in my normal life. My knees hurt from not having space to stretch out for such a long flight. It was freezing cold and they did not have extra blankets. It felt like my section kept getting skipped over for everything (food, liquids, general checking in to make sure people were okay). We boarded late, and left late. When I arrived the luggage took VERY long - almost an hour - to come out." Pros: "Worst" Cons: "I was on the phone for 4 hours, went to Turkish office in New York City (they didn't agree to see me), called various sales offices without obtaining a resolution. The only option I have is to lose the full fare of this ticket." Pros: "Everything was great. Service. Very comfortable. The staff was great" Cons: "N/A" Pros: "The crew were great! The seats are not that comfortable, it happened that I had 3 seats raw for myself but the armrests were not going up so I could not utilize them and lie down to sleep." Pros: "Food was great, movie selection too. Everything was great except for I couldn’t really get comfortable to sleep" Cons: "Not sure how to make the seats more comfortable. I have some back issues though. However, some of my travel companions slept right through the flight." Pros: "Like the overall KLM experience" Cons: "Food could have had better quality and the stewardess served it all at once versus in the various courses." Pros: "Crew was nice and friendly" Cons: "Airplane so uncomfortable. Food horrible. Not even available for one of us what we ask for on what was offered. Bad taste and not what can be on a that length of time flight." Pros: "Friendly staff, great service on board. Way better value and service compared to the tacky Irish competition flying the route. Delta all the way" Pros: "Service was great as usual. Food was very good and entertainment options were great so you won't have to be bored throughout the trip." Pros: "The seats seemed to have more space on this plane which was nice." Cons: "It felt strange that the crew members completely skipped over me when serving lunch and drinks. At least something as basic as water should be given to all passengers." Pros: "The attendants took great care of us. Super smooth flight." Pros: "Decent meal (warm Pasta all'arrabbiata), nice little muffin for dessert and standard drinks (coffee & tea were a bonus, as they didn't serve any on a similar flight, from Barcelona to Amsterdam), friendly cabin crew." Cons: "Poor timing - no reason for a 40 minute delay at take off (plane was fully boarded in time) Old aircraft, shabby, dirty and cramped seats. Coming from my connecting flight from Barcelona, I could clearly tell the different in the quality (and cleanliness) of the aircrafts." Pros: "Flight crew was fine. Food was good." Cons: "Checking in was extensive for unaccompanied minor. But gate crew was very unnattentuve and though we showed up as first in line, they did not focus, and kept saying to wait. Ultimately our son was last person on the plane." SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Book cheap flights from New York to Lisbon Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to Lisbon found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/29Mon 1 stop 14h 10mJFK-LIS $170 Search 1/8Mon 1 stop 14h 10mJFK-LIS $177 Search 1/29Mon 1 stop 24h 05mJFK-LIS $184 Search 1/30Tue 1 stop 19h 10mJFK-LIS $188 Search 12/7Thu 1 stopAzores Airlines 8h 50mJFK-LIS $254 Search 12/7Thu 1 stopAzores Airlines 8h 50mJFK-LIS $271 Search 2/26Mon nonstopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 6h 40mJFK-LIS $318 Search 2/25Sun nonstopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 6h 40mJFK-LIS $344 Search 5/2Thu 1 stopRoyal Air Maroc 15h 55mJFK-LIS $449 Search 1/8Mon 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 11h 36mJFK-LIS $462 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAzores AirlinesTAP AIR PORTUGALRoyal Air MarocAmerican Airlines Search by price$180 or less$190 or less$270 or less$340 or less$460 or less Last minute flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Lisbon Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to Lisbon that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun nonstopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 6h 40mJFK-LIS 12/7Thu nonstopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 8h 15mLIS-JFK $422 Search 12/2Sat nonstopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 6h 40mJFK-LIS 12/9Sat nonstopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 8h 15mLIS-JFK $424 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 7h 05mJFK-LIS 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 8h 20mLIS-JFK $511 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopIberia 10h 10mJFK-LIS 12/9Sat multi-stopIberia 13h 35mLIS-JFK $524 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 10h 45mJFK-LIS 12/12Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 12h 20mLIS-JFK $554 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopIberia 14h 10mJFK-LIS 12/8Fri multi-stopIberia 14h 40mLIS-JFK $567 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAzores Airlines 21h 20mJFK-LIS 12/7Thu multi-stopAzores Airlines 18h 45mLIS-JFK $584 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopBritish Airways 11h 05mJFK-LIS 12/12Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 12h 20mLIS-JFK $654 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 7h 05mJFK-LIS 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 8h 20mLIS-JFK $705 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAzores Airlines 13h 55mJFK-LIS 12/8Fri multi-stopAzores Airlines 39h 50mLIS-JFK $887 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTAP AIR PORTUGALDeltaIberiaBritish AirwaysAzores Airlines Search by price$420 or less$520 or less$570 or less$650 or less$890 or less New York John F Kennedy Airport - Lisbon Flights Departure: New York John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)United States Destination: Lisbon (LIS)Portugal Return flight deals: Lisbon - New York John F Kennedy Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Lisbon $1,808 Business Class flights to Lisbon $1,291 Prem Econ Class flights to Lisbon $478 Economy Class flights to Lisbon Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York John F Kennedy Airport $399Flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Lisbon Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Portugal » Lisbon $399Flights to Lisbon, Lisbon Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Lisbon flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Lisbon from New York John F Kennedy Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Lisbon from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.