Cheap Flights from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson from C$ 110 | (YOW - YYZ) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YOW - YYZ Find cheap flights from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport from C$ 110 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 27/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Toronto Pearson Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Toronto, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Toronto, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Ottawa to Pearson Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Ottawa to Pearson Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:00 a.m. - 7:20 a.m.YOW-YYZ 1h 20mdirect 11:15 p.m. - 12:20 a.m.YYZ-YOW 1h 05mdirect C$ 160WestJet Find Deal Tue, 5 Dec - Tue, 5 Dec 6:00 a.m. - 7:20 a.m.YOW-YYZ 1h 20mdirect 11:15 p.m. - 12:20 a.m.YYZ-YOW 1h 05mdirect C$ 163WestJet Find Deal Mon, 11 Dec - Tue, 12 Dec 9:35 p.m. - 10:56 p.m.YOW-YYZ 1h 21mdirect 11:00 p.m. - 12:05 a.m.YYZ-YOW 1h 05mdirect C$ 164Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 29 Dec - Mon, 1 Jan 7:30 a.m. - 8:50 a.m.YOW-YYZ 1h 20mdirect 11:00 p.m. - 12:05 a.m.YYZ-YOW 1h 05mdirect C$ 165Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 15 Dec - Fri, 15 Dec 9:00 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YOW-YYZ 1h 20mdirect 8:10 a.m. - 9:15 a.m.YYZ-YOW 1h 05mdirect C$ 170Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 23 Dec - Sat, 30 Dec 9:00 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YOW-YYZ 1h 20mdirect 8:10 a.m. - 9:15 a.m.YYZ-YOW 1h 05mdirect C$ 171Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 19 Dec - Wed, 20 Dec 9:35 p.m. - 10:56 p.m.YOW-YYZ 1h 21mdirect 11:15 p.m. - 12:20 a.m.YYZ-YOW 1h 05mdirect C$ 173 Find Deal Fri, 22 Dec - Sun, 24 Dec 6:00 a.m. - 7:24 a.m.YOW-YYZ 1h 24mdirect 11:00 a.m. - 12:05 p.m.YYZ-YOW 1h 05mdirect C$ 175 Find Deal Mon, 1 Jan - Thu, 11 Jan 7:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m.YOW-YYZ 13h 00m1 stop 12:35 p.m. - 11:55 p.m.YYZ-YOW 11h 20m1 stop C$ 347Flair Airlines Find Deal Wed, 13 Dec - Fri, 15 Dec 7:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m.YOW-YYZ 13h 00m1 stop 7:00 a.m. - 11:55 p.m.YYZ-YOW 16h 55m1 stop C$ 351Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 15 Dec - Sun, 17 Dec Show more results Flights from Ottawa to Pearson Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Ottawa to Pearson Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is October, where tickets cost C$ 270 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are November and March, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 413 and C$ 364 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 81 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for C$ 217 on WestJet, followed by Porter Airlines (C$ 223). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as C$ 110 on Porter Airlines and from C$ 114 on WestJet. Which airlines fly direct between Ottawa and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. There are 4 airlines that fly direct from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Porter Airlines, Sunwing Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with WestJet at C$ 145. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Porter Airlines. How many flights are there between Ottawa and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 16 nonstop flights that take off from Ottawa and land in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 20m. The most common departure time is 9:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 79 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Ottawa and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport take? A direct flight to Toronto Pearson Airport will take on average 1h 20m to travel the 583 km flying distance from Ottawa. What’s the earliest departure time from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Ottawa at 5:20 am and will be landing in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 6:40 am. What’s the latest departure time from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport jets off at 9:35 pm and lands at 10:56 pm. Good to know Low season January High season February Cheapest flight C$ 110 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 7% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 10% lower on average. Flight from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport When to book flights from Ottawa to Pearson Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Ottawa to Pearson Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport flights Does Toronto Pearson International Airport offer baggage services? Yes. YYZ offers complimentary luggage carts throughout the day to help you haul off your pieces of luggage. You’ll find the baggage carts in various locations throughout Terminal 1 and 3. Additionally, YYZ has luggage wrapping services to protect your luggage from wear and tear, stains, scratches, and damage. YYZ’s baggage wrapping station in Terminal 1 is close to Aisles 7 and 9. In Terminal 3 the baggage wrapping station is close to the Check-in. What’s more, YYZ provides baggage storage, where you can safely store your bags for a couple of hours or weeks. Does Toronto Pearson International Airport offer adult changing rooms? Yes. YYZ has adult-changing rooms. Once you arrive at the changing room press the intercom button. Someone at YYZ will remotely open the door for you. YYZ’s changing rooms are available before security in Terminal 1, in the Domestic Arrivals Lobby and Terminal 3, in the Domestic Arrivals Hall. Additionally, the changing rooms are accessible to persons with limited mobility. In addition to a shower, the changing rooms have accessibility features such as an accessible sink, fold-down support arms and vertical grab rails, a wall-mounted changing table, accessible toilets and a paper towel dispenser. Does Ottawa/Macdonald Cartier International Airport offer Animal Relief Areas? Yes. Pets and service animals are welcome at Ottawa Airport. YOW is a pet-friendly airport offering animal accommodation throughout its facilities for its four-legged furry travellers. That being said, YOW has designated pet relief areas in its faculties after security where pets and service animals can tend to their potty needs. After security on the Canada/International Departure Level by Gate 18 is an animal relief area. Another one is after security on the US Departure Level. Moreover, both the pet relief areas are open 24 hours a day. Does Toronto Pearson International Airport have mobility device charging stations? Yes. YYZ is committed to providing all its travelers with a pleasant and stress-free experience. That being said, YYZ has charging stations offering travellers with electric mobility gadgets the opportunity to enjoy travel without the stress of low power. In Terminal 1, the charging stations are close to Gate D35 and Departure level 3 is close to the Peel Police booth. In Terminal 3, the charging stations are by Gate B28 and the Departure level, across from the WestJet accessibility-seating zone. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport? The Canadair (Bombardier) Regional Jet CRJ-550 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Ottawa and Toronto Pearson Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport? There are direct flights from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Ottawa to Toronto, Porter Airlines or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Ottawa to Toronto are Porter Airlines and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 291 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 302 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Toronto Pearson Airport from Ottawa is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Toronto Pearson Airport with an airline and back to Ottawa with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Toronto Pearson Airport from Ottawa up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Ottawa to Toronto Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 181 or less one-way and C$ 420 or less round-trip. Nursing mothers travelling through Ottawa/Macdonald Cartier International Airport (YOW) can breastfeed their kids or even pump milk in the nursing rooms. They feature a changing counter, a sink, an electrical outlet, and cozy seating. The nursing rooms are on Level 1 and Level 2 of the Airport’s terminal buildings. If someone is picking you up at Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ), they can park at the free Cell Phone Waiting Lot. And pick you up at the Arrival/Departure Level. For mothers travelling through YYZ with young kids, the Airport provides nursing pods for private sessions with their babies. They offer many amenities, including electric outlets and changing tables. The nursing suites are around . Gates E78, D22, F67, D37, and B1 in the international terminal. Kick back and distract yourself on the flight from Ottawa to YYZ with complimentary entertainment. On the flight route airlines such as WestJet and Air Canada provide the entertainment feature. You choose from movies to television shows to music and more. If you need to rent a car at YYZ, the Airport has an onsite rental car center in Terminal 1. National, Hertz, Dollar, Budget, and Avis are some of the rental car companies in the rental car facility. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Ottawa to Pearson Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Tuesday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Wednesday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Thursday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Friday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Saturday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Sunday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Toronto Pearson Intl to Ottawa Search flights Monday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +21 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +22 more 20 21 Tuesday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +19 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Wednesday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +19 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Thursday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +20 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Friday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +19 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Saturday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +18 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Sunday Aer Lingus,Air Canada,Air Transat, +19 more Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Ottawa to Pearson Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Ottawa to Toronto. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Ottawa to Pearson Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9263 reviews 77comfort 84crew 70entertainment 80overall 81boarding 71food Airline reviews Not a tonne of food for purchase items for early morning.Read more about WestJet Not a tonne of food for purchase items for early morning. Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy" Pros: "Good legroom in premium economy, power outlets at all seats" Cons: "WiFi speed was terrible" Pros: "All westjet workers are amazing. Starting from the people at the front desk, the crews on the plan and the people that give direction." Pros: "Friendly crew, informative captain." Cons: "Nothing- it was a very short flight, didn’t need anything else." Pros: "The attendant didn’t take any chance on rainy whether condition and got me on an earlyer flight to make sure I wasn’t goinig to miss my connections flights. It worked out perfectly." Cons: "Everything was perfect. Thank you" Cons: "Delays left us in the plane for almost 1 1/2 hours before leaving Toronto." Pros: "Nothing really." Cons: "The lady at the checkin desk volunteered me to check my carry on and told me that she would charge me if I didn’t comply. ( there was more than enough room on the plane for me to store it). The plane wreaked of poo the whole flight and it gave me a head ache, which my Tylenol was in my carry on that the lady forced me to check. And the flight was only supposed to be delayed 15 min, and we didn’t take off until 45 min later, which made us miss our connection. Very disappointing service/ flight from WestJet!" Pros: "Easy boarding, friendly crew" Cons: "Food cart passed us because we had our head down... they must have thought we were sleeping, gum stuck in magazine, the amount of ads before watching a show" Pros: "The flight was delayed, so I was going to miss my connector. They made some calls and got me booked on a British air flight straight to my destination. Thank you!" New jet. Lots of leg room. On time departure. Early arrival. Reasonable airfare. Excellent online experience. Porter uses the intelligent and logical way of boarding a plane - from the back. Nothing , two weeks of dealing with booking glitches on porters side , as our main international carrier was fine ,we were assured. When we got to check in everything would be smooth , we were confirmed there would be no issues, guess what happened? After an hour and a half at check inn we were told there was technical glitch involving payment we may not be able to fly , which would have set off a catastrophic chain , the undue stress on my family was unbearable . They really communicated well advised well in advance of a delay. Contacted to tell me it was almost time to go and to do a check in. Porter, like most airlines, need to improve their baggage policies. In reality, there are no longer 'cheap flights' because passengers pay exorbitant baggage fees. Pros: "Originally: a low fare" Cons: "Flight oversold, travelers bumped. Flight delayed while they kicked people off the flight." Pros: "Amy was outstanding, she provided excellent service." Cons: "I wasn’t notified that the basic fare didn’t include carry-on baggage. It was disappointing having to pay for checked baggage without notification." Pros: "The crew is really good. Super nice and attentive." Cons: "Honestly, while the flight delay was a hassle. Probably nothing because flight delays happen. My bag was placed on the next flight. But your crew’s attitude made it all better." Pros: "Really like the wine and chips included." Cons: "No entertainment options, but not a big deal considering how short all their routes are." Pros: "The cookies" Cons: "They bumped our flight for no reason and we sat for 3 extra hours in Toronto as several flights to our destination passed" Pros: "Crew was accommodating and kept me and my family comfortable in the flight. Food was good" Cons: "Free stuff like headphones and blanket which can be collected at the end of the flight" Cons: "Exit seat wasnt a full exit seat just a slightly larger row and did not recline. Seats were smaller than usual too." Pros: "Price" Cons: "It took almost an hour from landing for our luggage to make it to the belt. For a domestic flight, this is really poor." Pros: "It left fairly promptly. Service was efficient. The seat was comfortable." Pros: "The crew were very friendly, sweet and accommodating. I had a seat by the exit which I luckily didn't have to pay extra for and the leg room was ample and really helpful on a long flight. The meal was pretty good, but I really wished airlines would stop wasting so much plastic - I think there should be a way we can support the environment better when flying." Cons: "I didn't realize Air Transat was a bare-bones airline (not that my flight was cheap in cost) - we didn't have pillows or blankets for the flight (10 hours) and had to pay for them! Seems like that should be standard on a long haul flight. The seats are very narrow with poor back support, and my back started to hurt 5 hours in. Many people were standing in the aisles as it was so uncomfortable. I was very cold throughout the flight, which was another uncomfortable aspect. One of the bathrooms was out of order which resulted in everyone using the same one - you can imagine how smelly and messy it got." Pros: "Food was better than on my flight to Porto" Cons: "There was no water in the washrooms from the start of an 8 hour flight!" Pros: "Crew and main dish" Cons: "Seating is incredibly uncomfortable. Too tight for legs or elbows. Terrible cushioning for the back. The temperature was also WAY TOO COLD. Movie selection was absurd and very limited." Pros: "Flying with Air Transat is pretty painless and stress-free. Check-in is quick and the service onboard is quite good." Cons: "I wish ther were more meal options." Pros: "Timeliness. Took off and arrived early. Wonderful bonus." Cons: "Expensive soggy sandwiches. Cramped seating. One small glass of warm water to drink on a long flight." Pros: "Excellent baggage drop off and boarding in London. A surprise, quite pleasant meal. Good film choices. What's not to like?" Cons: "One bathroom down meant the others were overworked." We had delayed flight and I arrived 2 hrs late But I got safety destiny Unfriendly staff, delayed flight, luggage took almost an hour. Very disappointing. A long international flight and not even a snack? Really? One drink in five hours? Really? More stress and uncertainty. My flight from Ottawa to Toronto was delayed due to a tech issue and I would have missed my connection to Nashville. I tried calling AC customer service and after a 1+hr hold, was told there were no earlier flights to Toronto (not true)and if she booked me on another flight, I'd have to spend the night in Toronto. Fortunately at AC check-in, I was able to get on the earlier flight (last seat due to a cancelation) and was able to make my connection. In the end, I got into Nashville an hour late, due to delays on the Toronto/Nashville connection. Both going to Ottawa and returning, I was faced with delayed flights and missed connections. I just want the confidence that flights are going to arrive and leave on time. Very rushed and stressful Transfer at Pearson. Baggage delayed, I have been advised is coming, but not sure when. Airlines need to stop scheduling such tight connections, especially when one has to make an international connection. It puts a strain on everyone - the traveler, the airport personnel, security. Also, they lost my luggage. Pros: "The seat was fine for economy" Cons: "You should offer free wifi! Air Canada should lead the way and be above the rest!" Pros: "Quick flight. Dlient Service in check-in was excellent, she went the extra mile to change my return flight to a more reasonable time." Pros: "The 777 is excellent. Service very friendly. Food is good. One leg flight is super good" Cons: "Apparently the pilots are allowed to smoke on these long flights. In this trip it was not bad but on previous flights it was really bad" Cons: "Flight was delayed and then without notice back on schedule and the we boarded and sat on the tarmac for an hour. Why board us if we can’t leave?" Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Transat7.2 Air Canada7.1 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Ottawa to Toronto Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Ottawa to Toronto found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 27/12Wed directPorter Airlines 1h 20mYOW-YYZ C$ 81 Search 11/12Mon directWestJet 1h 20mYOW-YYZ C$ 84 Search 26/12Tue directPorter Airlines 1h 20mYOW-YYZ C$ 85 Search 16/12Sat directAir Canada 1h 20mYOW-YYZ C$ 86 Search 20/12Wed directPorter Airlines 1h 21mYOW-YYZ C$ 87 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 1h 20mYOW-YYZ C$ 89 Search 19/12Tue directAir Canada 1h 21mYOW-YYZ C$ 98 Search 19/1Fri 1 stopFlair Airlines 13h 00mYOW-YYZ C$ 137 Search 15/12Fri 1 stopFlair Airlines 13h 00mYOW-YYZ C$ 150 Search 8/12Fri directAir Transat 1h 21mYOW-YYZ C$ 288 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesWestJetAir CanadaFlair AirlinesAir Transat Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 90 or lessC$ 90 or lessC$ 140 or lessC$ 290 or less Last minute flights from Ottawa to Pearson Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Ottawa to Toronto that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue directWestJet 1h 20mYOW-YYZ 5/12Tue directWestJet 1h 05mYYZ-YOW C$ 160 Search 4/12Mon directWestJet 1h 20mYOW-YYZ 6/12Wed directWestJet 1h 05mYYZ-YOW C$ 163 Search 1/12Fri multi-stop 13h 00mYOW-YYZ 10/12Sun direct 1h 05mYYZ-YOW C$ 240 Search 4/12Mon direct 1h 20mYOW-YYZ 12/12Tue direct 1h 05mYYZ-YOW C$ 252 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopFlair Airlines 13h 00mYOW-YYZ 10/12Sun multi-stopFlair Airlines 20h 30mYYZ-YOW C$ 269 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopFlair Airlines 13h 00mYOW-YYZ 3/12Sun multi-stopFlair Airlines 20h 30mYYZ-YOW C$ 304 Search 1/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 20mYOW-YYZ 3/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 05mYYZ-YOW C$ 414 Search 3/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 20mYOW-YYZ 13/12Wed directPorter Airlines 1h 05mYYZ-YOW C$ 505 Search 4/12Mon directAir Canada 1h 20mYOW-YYZ 11/12Mon directAir Canada 1h 05mYYZ-YOW C$ 583 Search 4/12Mon directAir Canada 1h 20mYOW-YYZ 5/12Tue directAir Canada 1h 05mYYZ-YOW C$ 601 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetFlair AirlinesPorter AirlinesAir Canada Search by priceC$ 160 or lessC$ 250 or lessC$ 300 or lessC$ 510 or lessC$ 600 or less Ottawa - Toronto Pearson Airport Flights Departure: Ottawa (YOW)Canada Destination: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Return flight deals: Toronto Pearson Airport - Ottawa Cabin classes: First Class flights to Toronto C$ 988 Business Class flights to Toronto C$ 1,648 Prem Econ Class flights to Toronto C$ 254 Economy Class flights to Toronto Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Ottawa C$ 219Flights from Ottawa to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 219Flights to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, Toronto Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Halifax Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Victoria Flights to Kelowna Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Toronto Pearson Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Toronto Pearson Airport from Ottawa. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Toronto Pearson Airport from Ottawa. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.