Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Mumbai from $350 | (SFO - BOM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - BOM Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Mumbai from $350 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 3/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Mumbai These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Mumbai. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Mumbai. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Mumbai?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Mumbai that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:30 am - 11:10 amSFO-BOM 36h 10m2 stops 2:25 pm - 6:00 pmBOM-SFO 16h 05mnonstop $678Air India Find Deal Wed, Apr 17 - Fri, May 17 11:30 am - 11:45 pmSFO-BOM 23h 45m1 stop 11:40 pm - 8:15 pmBOM-SFO 33h 05m1 stop $693Singapore Airlines Find Deal Fri, May 10 - Sat, Jun 1 12:50 pm - 5:10 amSFO-BOM 26h 50m1 stop 6:50 am - 5:40 pmBOM-SFO 23h 20m1 stop $811Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 21 - Wed, Mar 13 6:25 pm - 5:10 amSFO-BOM 21h 15m1 stop 6:50 am - 4:40 pmBOM-SFO 23h 20m1 stop $839Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Wed, Mar 6 3:05 pm - 3:10 amSFO-BOM 22h 35m1 stop 2:10 am - 2:05 pmBOM-SFO 24h 25m1 stop $906Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Fri, Mar 22 2:05 pm - 12:40 amSFO-BOM 21h 05m1 stop 2:10 am - 2:05 pmBOM-SFO 24h 25m1 stop $909Delta Find Deal Thu, Mar 7 - Fri, Mar 22 2:50 pm - 2:00 amSFO-BOM 21h 40m1 stop 9:50 pm - 12:50 pmBOM-SFO 28h 30m1 stop $925Qatar Airways Find Deal Sun, Feb 4 - Fri, Feb 16 3:40 pm - 2:15 amSFO-BOM 21h 05m1 stop 10:00 pm - 12:45 pmBOM-SFO 28h 15m1 stop $934Emirates Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Thu, Feb 1 2:50 pm - 2:00 amSFO-BOM 21h 40m1 stop 9:50 pm - 12:50 pmBOM-SFO 28h 30m1 stop $963Qatar Airways Find Deal Sun, Feb 11 - Mon, Feb 26 3:40 pm - 2:15 amSFO-BOM 21h 05m1 stop 10:00 pm - 12:45 pmBOM-SFO 28h 15m1 stop $979Emirates Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Mon, Feb 5 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Mumbai - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Mumbai to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Francisco to Mumbai? The average price of all flights from San Francisco to Mumbai clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from San Francisco to Mumbai, you should consider leaving on a Tuesday and avoid Sundays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to San Francisco, you’ll find the best rates on Wednesdays and the most expensive ones on Saturdays. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Mumbai? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Mumbai, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Mumbai is September, where tickets cost $915 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,970 and $1,676 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Mumbai? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Mumbai, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Mumbai, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 87 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Mumbai? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from San Francisco to Mumbai found on KAYAK was with Singapore Airlines for $350. Air India proposed a round-trip connection from $678 and Singapore Airlines from $693. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Francisco and Mumbai? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Francisco to Mumbai. There is just one airline that flies from San Francisco to Mumbai direct and that is Air India. The best one-way deal found from Air India for the route is $815. How many flights are there between San Francisco and Mumbai per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from San Francisco and lands in Mumbai, with an average flight time of 17h 25m. The most common departure time is 8:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 4 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and Mumbai? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to Mumbai take? Direct flights take on average 17h 25m to travel the 8,389 miles between San Francisco and Mumbai. What’s the earliest departure time from San Francisco to Mumbai? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Francisco at 8:00 pm and will be landing in Mumbai at 2:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Francisco to Mumbai? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Francisco to Mumbai jets off at 8:00 pm and lands at 2:55 am. Good to know Low season August High season December Cheapest flight $350 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 12% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 57% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to Mumbai When to book flights from San Francisco to Mumbai Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Mumbai based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Francisco to Mumbai Are there lounges at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM)? Passengers arriving at BOM will be glad to know that there are various lounges at this facility open to everyone at a reduced price, regardless of the airline you're flying. The Aviserv Lounge on the Landside, Arrivals Level, Gate A, serves arriving passengers. Is there luggage storage at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM) to Bandra Fort? Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM) has luggage storage situated at the arrival hall exit ramp of domestic Terminal 1. For those arriving with international flights, the storage facility is at Terminal 2. Are there any services for passengers with limited mobility at BOM upon their arrival? Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM) has a program that caters to the needs of travelers with limited mobility upon their arrival from San Francisco. Typical facilities include ramps for wheelchair users. It’s imperative to arrange with your airline at least 72h before departure to get the assistance that you need. There are dedicated staff to guide passengers as they move around at such areas as the baggage claim area, restrooms and counters. Where can I change my dollars at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM)? If you’ve just arrived at BOM and need to change your dollars to Indian rupees, you’ll have various counters to choose from. Currently, there are 4 currency exchangers in the Arrival Hall, Terminal 2. How can I get from Mumbai Airport to Mumbai’s city center? Outside the terminal buildings, taxis await to take you to the city center. You are advised to only take licensed airport taxis, for the rates are fixed and they are certified to drive you. The two biggest airport taxi companies are Black & Yellow Cabs and Cool Cabs. Both of them are prepaid for a rate of approximately ₹ 500-600 ($8-$9), which can be paid at the taxi counters in the arrivals hall of the respective terminal. Can I rent a car at Mumbai Airport? There are various companies situated at Mumbai Airport from where you can rent a car, either to drive yourself or with a driver. Companies include Avis, Hertz, or Travelocar and their counters can be found in the arrivals hall and Meet & Greet Areas. Cars can be pre-booked or rented directly from the counters. Is there a hotel at Mumbai Airport? Yes, the Niranta Transit Airport Hotel is located at Terminal 2 and welcomes guests with snug beds and a 24h reception desk. There are business facilities at the hotel as well as work areas where you can catch up on business. If you want to stay nearby but leave the airport, there is the luxurious Hilton Mumbai International Airport, which boasts spa facilities, a gym, and a swimming pool. Situated conveniently close at just over 7 mi from the airport, this hotel pampers its guest with style. Are there eateries in the arrivals area at Mumbai Airport? Have a little snack after your flight from San Francisco to Mumbai at one of the many restaurants and snack bars available. In Terminal 2 in the arrivals hall, you’ll find cafés like the Chai Point, where the finest tea is served. For those with a sweet tooth, the Rubrium is the perfect place, serving waffles, shakes, and cakes. In Terminal 1 you’ll find the Balaji, a fast food restaurant serving Indian cuisine. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Mumbai? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Mumbai from San Francisco. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Mumbai? The Boeing 777-200LR is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to Mumbai flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Mumbai? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between San Francisco and Mumbai. On which days can I fly direct from San Francisco to Mumbai? You can catch a nonstop flight from San Francisco to Mumbai on on Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Mumbai, Singapore Airlines or Emirates? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Mumbai are Singapore Airlines and Emirates. With an average price for the route of $1,035 and an overall rating of 8.6, Singapore Airlines is the most popular choice. Emirates is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,314 and an overall rating of 8.3. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Mumbai? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Mumbai. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Mumbai? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Mumbai from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Mumbai? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Mumbai with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and BOM can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Mumbai? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Mumbai from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to Mumbai Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $739 or less one-way and $992 or less round-trip. Travelers who want to change their dollars into Indian rupees at the San Francisco International Airport (SFO) ahead of their voyage to Mumbai should keep in mind that there are booths & automated currency exchange machines at various points at various terminals. If you're using Terminal 3, you'll find them post-security, Boarding Area F. Suppose you need to drop off your rental car before the voyage from SFO to Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM) – you will find various options at the designated areas. There’s a free AirTrain Blue Line service that will connect you from the parking garage to your departure terminal. This service operates at regular intervals of 5-15min. San Francisco International Airport has four passenger terminals. Of the four, one is international, while the rest are terminals, named 1, 2 and 3. You can transfer from one terminal to another on foot. Furthermore, there’s an AirTrain, an automated terminal transit system at SFO that runs between the four terminals. If you have an early morning flight from SFO, plan to spend a night at one of the charming hotels adjacent to the airport. Usually, most of these facilities offer courtesy shuttles to drop you at your departure terminal. Bay Landing San Francisco Airport Hotel is an excellent option to help you avoid the morning hassle on your way to the airport. Nursing moms should know that SFO is equipped with lactating rooms for their comfort and privacy when pumping and breastfeeding. You’ll find them in Terminal 3, adjacent to gates E5, F4 and F16. The spaces have sinks and seats for your convenience. Instead of the hassle of various layovers, choose to fly with only one stop on your flight from San Francisco to Mumbai and book with airlines like Air China, Lufthansa, or Hong Kong Airlines. The San Francisco International Airport (SFO) has plenty to offer to keep you entertained while waiting for your flight. One of their highlights is their Wag Brigade, a bunch of lovable dogs – and one pig – which roam the airport and greet everyone with their cool snouts and wagging tails. You can recognize them by their "Pet Me" vests, and they will certainly be happy if you do so. There are various airline lounges at San Francisco airport that also grant access to economy class flyers. If you are departing from Concourse A, you can check in at the KLM Air France Lounge, where you will find comfy chairs, beverages, and snacks. Entry passes cost approximately $56 for 3h. Slightly more expensive is the American Airlines Admirals Club Lounge that charges approximately $60 for a three-hour pass and is located at Terminal 2 in boarding area D. Culture can be enjoyed at San Francisco airport, as the SFO Museum and Arts Commission exhibit regional artists in the halls and corridors of the airport. Explore the various art installations that can be found all around the airport and make your pre-boarding time more educational as well as cultural. Tense after a long flight? At Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Mumbai Airport (BOM), the O2 Spa can be found in various locations. Here you can unwind, enjoy a massage, and relax during a beauty treatment. The spa is located in the Domestic Terminal as well as the Transit Hotel, or inside the GVK Lounge. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Francisco to Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from San Francisco to Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Francisco to Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl Search Flights Wednesday Air India Air India Thursday Air India Air India Saturday Air India Air India Sunday Air India Air India See more direct flights Nonstop returns Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl to San Francisco Search Flights Monday Air India Air India Tuesday Air India Air India Friday Air India Air India Saturday Air India Air India See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Mumbai See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Mumbai. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Mumbai? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.6 Singapore AirlinesOverall score based on 3983 reviews 88boarding 86entertainment 83food 89crew 87overall 85comfort Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was super nice and the food was good (for plane food)! Really appreciated that they had snacks and chocolate on hand for hungry passengers throughout the flight. A 17 hour plane ride is never the best, but Singapore Air made it as pleasant as possible. Also, we booked on Kayak and was routed through a third party vendor JustFly, which I was a little worried about - but our booking went off without a hitch."Read more about Singapore Airlines Pros: "Crew was super nice and the food was good (for plane food)! Really appreciated that they had snacks and chocolate on hand for hungry passengers throughout the flight. A 17 hour plane ride is never the best, but Singapore Air made it as pleasant as possible. Also, we booked on Kayak and was routed through a third party vendor JustFly, which I was a little worried about - but our booking went off without a hitch." Pros: "Excellent crew and very well dressed and always smiling" Cons: "The lights were switched off for a very long time. That can be avoided" Pros: "The crew did a wonderful job of anticipating needs and having all the little ammenities you could want." Cons: "They gave you a menu at the start of the flight but didn't serve any of that food, and the food wasn't very good" Pros: "Handset to control screen didn’t work. Airline reimbursed me with $75 voucher for inflight duty-free shop." Cons: "Aircrew took my carry on away while I was waiting to board saying it was too large; left me without the essential items I wanted during the 19.5 hours in the air and two plane changes. Other people were allowed to keep carry ons bigger than mine so I don't understand why they did this." Pros: "The plane was new. The in flight entertainment system was good, although I never got to experience it fully because the Flight attendant kept switching it off, as I had paid extra (an arm and a leg) for a “bulkhead seat”" Cons: "The service was beyond awful! The Flight Attendants had a “could care less” attitude. I had special ordered a meal, and they gave me the wrong one. I did not want to make a big deal, so I just ate it. Then they did not offer any beverages when the meal came! I literally had to beg them to make me their famous “Singapore sling”. Shocking really!!. When I had my coffee, my request for cream and sugar went ignored THREE times. Finally they grudgingly gave me only cream, rendering my coffee undrinkable. .....And the list goes on. Never ever will I travel on this horrid airline again!" Pros: "Satisfied and feel good on Singapore airlines, definitely will consider next trip" Pros: "We loved the service, quality of food, entertainment, and cleanliness of Singapore Airlines flight!" Cons: "Economy is still tightly packed with limited leg room considering the distance traveled." Pros: "Very good service" Cons: "Very poor entertainment. Upgrade options at the transfer desk not very clear and the staff present there not courteous" Cons: "In spite of ordering vegetarian food, was offered a non-vegetarian option and was told that is Asian vegetarian. Food quality was bad too." Pros: "Flight is online" Cons: "Flight Attendants performed acceptable. They pushed the table cart and hit me twice without apologizing." Pros: "Crew was very accommodating!" Cons: "Just being in the plane in general. Sitting for 12 hours is really uncomfortable" Cons: "Service could be better. One flight attendant was sick but still working." Pros: "Service and boarding were very nice and smooth. Food and entertainment were excellent." Pros: "Seat is reasonably comfortable in Eco Plus" Cons: "Flight departed 30 minutes late, gate in SFO was a mad house with no practical lounge options for *G (must use UA Club in T3 which is a 10-15 minute walk). Please also give more than a thimble of water / beverages - serving sizes are tiny compared to US airlines." Pros: "Clean and efficient. Catered to our needs. Definitely would travel them again." Pros: "Food was great and the crews were helpful. They do offer snacks/drinks in between meals. For those who do not know, they do offer wine as a drink in the Economy class (usually red wine)." Cons: "Speakers are not good during announcement. I can barely hear it. if they can improve that, that will be great." Pros: "I enjoyed the movies, the food was good, and services" Pros: "The flight attendants were on point and very well trained. Decent legroom in Economy class and decent inflight entertainment. Flight on tune and boarding was seamless. Will fly EVA air again." Cons: "Food was decent but could have been better. Entertainment was ok but could have used more choices. Not much too gripe about though." Pros: "Flight comfortable but would have liked more water throughout flight" Cons: "Service speed" Pros: "I had to pay two tickets for same flight from Islamabad to San Francisco and going from San Francisco to Islamabad it’s been cancel and I am fighting for my money back they don’t want to refund it" Cons: "They ran out of non-vegetarian meals, which is not acceptable. The seats were rather narrow" Cons: "They delayed the flight over entertainment system and that caused me to miss my connection" Pros: "Horrible experience!!!!" Cons: "1. Emirates has only one piece option. With Laptop bag weighing about almost 5kgs, you are left with just 2kgs which the carry bag itself would weigh. Not sure, how Emirates is getting away with this discriminatory attitude, while rest of airlines do allow -Carry on + a personal item. 2. There is no check on the carry-on weight at SFO airport. While in DXB, they entice customer to buy all duty free and then when it comes to boarding, you will be 'shocked'. No more than 10kg allowed. 3. You will be directed to read instructions before boarding. Then the corruption deal starts...read point 4 4. The man will say, remove anything in excess of 10kg or pay extra luggage, knowing very well, that people buy duty free at DXB. 5. Once you start negotiating, then the deal-making starts... 6. I managed it. More on Facebook review..." Pros: "Punctual on Time. Clean Cabin. Nice Crew" Cons: "They should be little flexible in timing for serving Dinner, as it happened, they served Dinner as soon as the Seat belt sign was switched off, at that time it was 4 pm local time. Since we were not ready for Dinner we suggested to bring it after an hour, which they declined stating that once they take back the trays it can not be served again." Pros: "Flights on time /comfy seats and crew" Cons: "One particular airhostess was little rude ..too much wait time in Dubai" Pros: "Good serevice" Cons: "food provided is not good. All western style most passengers are from Asia" Pros: "Boarding went smoothly, flight was very comfortable with great entertainment options. Attentive staff!" Cons: "Seat wouldn’t recline Checked with Air hostess She said it cannot be fixed So travel 15 hrs in pain" Pros: "Non" Cons: "They treat you what kind a color your Skin color" Qatar said few times that the luggage will be at the final destination but they were wrong. Please check where your port of entry is at the destination. This is where the luggage would be. The food was terrible. Crew members service are at its best Seating area is very compact, could be better Boarding was delayed by 2 hours since the machine that assigned boarding passes broke down and we were left waiting to drop our luggage Excellent service and very comfortable business class for a long journey. Carry on bags in business class weight limits The boarding was very unorganized, they had my dad “83 years old “ stand for long time to Wait in the line then stand behind the counter, we had two kids with us but the separated my dad from us for long time We were stranded in bus for 10 min waiting for baording..Specially when you are traveling with kids and long previous flight. Flight has no information regarding time to destination. Wish to have screen for international travels. Pros: "The cre was really nice and very attentive." Cons: "The flight left the gate an hour late without giving us any explanation, I missed my connecting flight. The airline did offer a hotel to stay in, but no other apology or explanation was given to about 15 of us who missed a connecting flight." Pros: "Every time rest room sanitized for every passenger, onetime boarding and departure" Cons: "Food menu is very basics, same food again and again. Also the number of items is very limited, heavy sound in the flight, not able to sleep." Pros: "The crew was amazing. One of the onboarding staff was exceptional. Some onboarding staffs were unfriendly." Cons: "Not allowing a laptop bag unlike Etihad, Emirates and other airlines was a bummer." Pros: "Q Suite business seats are the best with excellent service & delicious variety of meals." Cons: "Nothing. Every thing was great!" Pros: "Nothing. There was no flight. The flight was cancelled and you did not notify us. We found it out ourselves by accident. We tried to contact you guys but we could not call or anything other. You guys suck" Cons: "Notify your customers when the flight is cancelled. Thats the least you can do. Very unprofessional" Cons: "The sitting was so very small, I never traveled so crumpled." Pros: "Good crew, food was good for airline food. Entertainment offerings were good." Cons: "Too many seats, 3-4-3 configuration means not even enough room to walk down aisle without bumping people in their narrow seats." Pros: "Crew were great" Cons: "Cabin kept very hot, very difficult to sleep. Seats were so-so comfortable" Pros: "Orderly boarding process. Considerate reseating when bulkhead with extra legroom were not usable." Pros: "The crew was amazingly efficient serving food and drink. In the recline position the seat bottom extended which was far more comfortable than simply reclining." Cons: "The food was mediocre and the selection of movies was very limited." Pros: "Smooth transfer from Terminal 3 to the International Terminal. Great airport. Easy boarding, friendly crew and very smooth flight." Cons: "I was very happy with my flight experience with Swiss." Pros: "The seat was ok, I paid $ 115 per Trip ( total of $ 230) just to sit at the emergency exit to have some leg room and then I am sitting next to the bathroom and people stepping on my feet because they tend to hang out around the bathroom." Cons: "The flight attendant not wearing perfume. Food was very poor to say the least." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "Boarding by rows and not like cows all at one time" Pros: "The food was great. The service is excellent. Swiss Air gets an A+." Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 Emirates8.3 Qatar Airways8.2 SWISS8.0 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Mumbai Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Mumbai found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 3/2Sat 1 stopSingapore Airlines 47h 00mSFO-BOM $350 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopSingapore Airlines 47h 00mSFO-BOM $351 Search 3/30Sat 1 stopSingapore Airlines 35h 20mSFO-BOM $353 Search 1/17Wed 1 stopDelta 22h 35mSFO-BOM $480 Search 2/2Fri 2 stopsDelta 34h 50mSFO-BOM $487 Search 3/13Wed nonstopAir India 17h 25mSFO-BOM $535 Search 3/2Sat nonstopAir India 17h 25mSFO-BOM $575 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopQatar Airways 21h 40mSFO-BOM $647 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopQatar Airways 21h 40mSFO-BOM $664 Search 12/28Thu 1 stopTurkish Airlines 21h 15mSFO-BOM $896 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSingapore AirlinesDeltaAir IndiaQatar AirwaysTurkish Airlines Search by price$350 or less$480 or less$540 or less$650 or less$900 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Mumbai Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Mumbai that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopSWISS 37h 15mSFO-BOM 1/21Sun multi-stopSWISS 28h 20mBOM-SFO $1,114 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 32h 21mSFO-BOM 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 53h 44mBOM-SFO $1,116 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopQatar Airways 21h 40mSFO-BOM 12/18Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 22h 00mBOM-SFO $1,292 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 24h 50mSFO-BOM 12/19Tue multi-stopQatar Airways 22h 00mBOM-SFO $1,305 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 20h 50mSFO-BOM 12/21Thu multi-stopLufthansa 23h 10mBOM-SFO $1,380 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 20h 50mSFO-BOM 12/20Wed multi-stopLufthansa 23h 10mBOM-SFO $1,415 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopTurkish Airlines 26h 20mSFO-BOM 12/18Mon multi-stopTurkish Airlines 23h 20mBOM-SFO $1,438 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopTurkish Airlines 26h 20mSFO-BOM 12/23Sat multi-stopTurkish Airlines 23h 20mBOM-SFO $1,478 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 23h 40mSFO-BOM 12/16Sat multi-stopDelta 24h 25mBOM-SFO $1,598 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 31h 25mSFO-BOM 12/24Sun multi-stopDelta 24h 25mBOM-SFO $1,602 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSWISSAmerican AirlinesQatar AirwaysLufthansaTurkish AirlinesDelta Search by price$1,120 or less$1,310 or less$1,420 or less$1,480 or less$1,600 or less San Francisco - Mumbai Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: Mumbai (BOM)India Return flight deals: Mumbai - San Francisco Cabin classes: First Class flights to Mumbai Business Class flights to Mumbai $1,399 Prem Econ Class flights to Mumbai $636 Economy Class flights to Mumbai Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $635Flights from San Francisco to Mumbai Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » Mumbai $618Flights to Mumbai, Mumbai Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Mumbai flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Mumbai from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Mumbai from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.