Car Rentals in Florida from C$ 24/day - Search for Rental Cars on KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Florida car rentals Search hundreds of rental car sites at once for car rental deals in Florida Same drop-off Thu 7/12 Noon Thu 14/12 Noon Search Driver's age: 26-65Other Cheap car rentals in Florida Economy C$ 24/day Compact C$ 22/day Intermediate C$ 26/day Standard C$ 35/day Full-size C$ 33/day Minivan C$ 51/day Full-size SUV C$ 61/day Mini C$ 72/day Premium C$ 93/day Passenger Van C$ 136/day Luxury C$ 71/day Convertible C$ 49/day Pick-up truck C$ 43/day Premium SUV C$ 116/day Intermediate SUV C$ 14/day Compact SUV C$ 15/day Supplier choice C$ 37/day Standard SUV C$ 39/day 2 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 4 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 5 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 2 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 5 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 5 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 5 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 4 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 5 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View DealBest rates found by KAYAK users in the past 48 hours. Top tips for renting a car in Florida If you're traveling with a child under the age of five, you'll need to request a car seat when renting a car in Florida. When driving with young children in this state, they must be in a car seat. The type of car seat depends upon the age of the child. For example, when they are under the age of three, they must be in a full seat. At ages four and five, they can be in a booster seat. There are some toll roads in the state of Florida, especially around Central Florida. When renting your car, you should ask the car rental agency about their policy concerning paying tolls. Some agencies will let you purchase or arrange for a toll pass. With a pass, you don't have to worry about having to carry cash or change with you, or stopping at the toll gate. In this case, the tolls will be charged to your credit or debit card. When parking your rental car in Florida, you will always park on the right side of the road. The exception to this rule is when parking on a one-way street. In the state of Florida, you can make a right turn at a red light, after stopping, as long as it is clear. Note that there are some areas where a right-hand turn on red is not allowed. Therefore, you should always look for signs that warn that you can't legally make a right turn on red before you attempt to make a turn. Driving cars on Florida beaches is prohibited in most areas. One exception is that of Daytona Beach and spots on St. Augustine's Beach. Please note that there is a charge of around $20 a day in order to drive in Daytona Beach. Because the sand is soft, not any car can get through this beach. That is why many tourists opt to rent a Jeep with four-wheel drive for added fun and confidence. Other cars that are good for driving on sand include all-terrain trucks and AWD vehicles. If you plan to spend your days on the beach, remember to rent a vehicle with lots of trunk space or a roof rack for beach chairs, surfboards, snorkeling gear or other equipment. 25% of our users found rental cars in Florida for C$ 39 or less Book your rental car in Florida at least 1 day before your trip in order to get a below-average price Off-airport rental car locations in Florida are around 46% more expensive than airport locations on average Compact rental cars in Florida are around 56% cheaper than other car types, on average FAQs about renting a car in Florida Should I rent a car in Florida? Many of the beaches in Florida are in small towns with no public transportation system. Renting a car will make it easy to go on a Florida beach road trip. Even in large Florida cities like Jacksonville and Miami, a rental car is essential. This is because many of the popular tourist attractions, such as the Medieval Torture Museum (in St. Augustine) or the East Coast Buffer Water Preserve Area, are on the outskirts of the cities away from the bus or trolley system. In these large Florida cities, with the buses making so many stops along the way, an 18-mile trip can take well over an hour of travel time. What is driving like in Florida? Florida is a pretty flat state with very few mountains and hills. You’ll drive mostly on the highway where the speed limit is 70 mph. On local, residential roads, the speed limit is around 30 mph. In school zones, the speed limit goes down to 20 mph. Note that Florida has four-way stops. When you come to one of these stops, the vehicle that gets to the stop first, goes first. How old do you have to be to rent a car in Florida? To rent a car in Florida, you must be at least 21 years of age. You'll need to show the rental car agent your driver's license with a photo and proof of your age. If you're under the age of 25, note that you may be charged a young driver fee. Additionally, there are certain cars, such as sports cars, that you might not be allowed to rent. Where in Florida can I rent a hybrid or electric car? You'll enjoy excellent fuel economy when you rent a hybrid car for your Florida vacation. Along with being environmentally friendly, these cars feature an automatic engine shut-off for even more fuel savings. The auto stop/start is an excellent benefit when you're driving in city neighborhoods. You can find one of these specialty vehicles at Fox Rent-a-Car in larger cities in Florida such as Miami, Orlando and Tampa. What cars are popular to rent in Florida? Because of the sunny weather in Florida, many tourists choose to rent a convertible while on a Florida vacation. In a convertible, you can take advantage of the sun and scenic views of the Florida beaches. You can also better see the picturesque skylines, like those in the cities of Miami and Tampa, from an open-top car. Several car rental agencies at airports in Florida, including the Orlando, Tampa and Miami Airports, have convertible cars for rent. Your options include a convertible sports car or a removable top Jeep. How much does it cost to rent a car in Florida? On average a rental car in Florida costs C$ 84 per day. What is the most popular rental car in Florida? Standard (RAM Pickup or similar) is the most frequently booked rental car type in Florida. What is the cheapest car rental company in Florida? In the past 72 hours, the cheapest rental cars were found at GREEN MOTION (C$ 14/day), Priceless (C$ 26/day) and Wheego (C$ 33/day). What is the best rental car company in Florida? Based on ratings and reviews from real users on KAYAK, the best car rental companies in Florida are Alamo (8.8, 475 reviews), Enterprise Rent-A-Car (7.8, 428 reviews), and Sixt (7.4, 454 reviews). How can I find car rentals near me in Florida? Take a look at our extensive car rental location map to find the best rental cars near you. Where should I rent a car in Florida? Based on car searches on KAYAK, the most popular cities to rent a car in Florida are Tampa (90% of total searches of users looking to rent a car in Florida), Cape Canaveral (4%) and Panama City (1%). How much does it cost to rent a car for a week in Florida? On average a rental car in Florida costs C$ 392 per week (C$ 56 per day). How much does it cost to rent a car long term for a month in Florida? On average a rental car in Florida costs C$ 1,682 per month (C$ 56 per day). Car rental locations in Florida Kissimmee car rentals Panama City Beach car rentals Davenport car rentals Destin car rentals Orlando car rentals Miami car rentals Cape Coral car rentals Naples car rentals St. Augustine car rentals Fort Lauderdale car rentals Fort Myers Beach car rentals Marco Island car rentals Fort Walton Beach car rentals Hollywood car rentals Siesta Key car rentals Miami Beach car rentals Tampa car rentals Sarasota car rentals New Smyrna Beach car rentals Key West car rentals Saint Pete Beach car rentals Daytona Beach car rentals St. Petersburg car rentals Clearwater Beach car rentals Bradenton car rentals Bonita Springs car rentals Pensacola car rentals Jacksonville car rentals Fort Myers car rentals Marathon car rentals Pompano Beach car rentals Englewood car rentals West Palm Beach car rentals Clearwater car rentals Key Largo car rentals Palm Coast car rentals Cocoa Beach car rentals Sunny Isles Beach car rentals Panama City car rentals Venice car rentals The Villages car rentals Ormond Beach car rentals Port Charlotte car rentals Hallandale Beach car rentals Delray Beach car rentals Fort Pierce car rentals Lake Buena Vista car rentals Punta Gorda car rentals Vero Beach car rentals Deerfield Beach car rentals Cape Canaveral car rentals Largo car rentals Clermont car rentals Tallahassee car rentals Ponte Vedra Beach car rentals Gainesville car rentals Port St. Lucie car rentals Stuart car rentals Melbourne car rentals Jupiter car rentals Palm Harbor car rentals Ocala car rentals Lakeland car rentals Dania Beach car rentals Lauderdale-by-the-Sea car rentals Dunedin car rentals Boynton Beach car rentals Hallandale car rentals Estero car rentals Seminole car rentals New Port Richey car rentals North Port car rentals Boca Raton car rentals Sebring car rentals Palm Beach car rentals North Miami Beach car rentals Doral car rentals Winter Haven car rentals Brandon car rentals Merritt Island car rentals Aventura car rentals Plantation car rentals Homestead car rentals Wesley Chapel car rentals Titusville car rentals Sanford car rentals Sunrise car rentals Pembroke Pines car rentals Winter Park car rentals Orange Park car rentals Leesburg car rentals Hialeah car rentals Weston car rentals Margate car rentals Coral Springs car rentals Pinellas Park car rentals Zephyrhills car rentals Florida City car rentals Orange City car rentals Valparaiso car rentals Lauderdale Lakes car rentals Show more Car rental directory Enterprise Rent-A-Car car rental locations in Florida 51 LocationsSee all locations Hertz car rental locations in Florida 37 LocationsSee all locations Avis car rental locations in Florida 29 LocationsSee all locations Budget car rental locations in Florida 28 LocationsSee all locations Sunnycars car rental locations in Florida 7 LocationsSee all locations Thrifty car rental locations in Florida 7 LocationsSee all locations National car rental locations in Florida 6 LocationsSee all locations Alamo car rental locations in Florida 5 LocationsSee all locations Dollar car rental locations in Florida 5 LocationsSee all locations Florida Van Rentals car rental locations in Florida 5 LocationsSee all locations AZ Car Rental car rental locations in Florida 3 LocationsSee all locations FlexWays car rental locations in Florida 3 LocationsSee all locations Good to know Most popular agency Priceless Most popular car type Compact Average price C$ 48/day Good deal C$ 39/day When to book a rental car in Florida Average daily price per month Rental car prices as pick-up date approaches Popular car rental locations Orlando car rentals Fort Lauderdale car rentals Los Angeles car rentals Las Vegas car rentals San Francisco car rentals Phoenix car rentals Kahului car rentals Miami car rentals Honolulu car rentals Tampa car rentals Palm Springs car rentals Kailua-Kona car rentals San Diego car rentals Fort Myers car rentals Denver car rentals Lihue car rentals New York car rentals Seattle car rentals Houston car rentals Chicago car rentals Florida Keys car rentals Everglades car rentals Sanibel Island car rentals Amelia Island car rentals South Florida car rentals Cars Car rentals in North America Car rentals in the United States Florida car rentals Cars Montreal Car Rentals Ottawa Car Rentals Edmonton Car Rentals Puerto Vallarta Car Rentals Hannover Car Rentals London Car Rentals Santa Clara Car Rentals Florence Car Rentals Carleton Place Car Rentals Bratislava Car Rentals Dublin Car Rentals Yerevan Car Rentals Toronto Car Rentals St. John's Car Rentals Winnipeg Car Rentals Vancouver Car Rentals Frankfurt am Main Car Rentals Moncton Car Rentals Austin Car Rentals Athens Car Rentals Krakow Car Rentals Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for cheap rental cars in Florida with KAYAK and rent a car that suits you best. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the best rental car deal at car rental locations across Florida. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.