Cheap Flights from Newark Airport to Fort Lauderdale from $35 | (EWR - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW EWR - FLL Find cheap flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale from $35 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/16. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from Newark to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Newark to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:10 pm - 7:15 amEWR-FLL 9h 05m1 stop 9:27 pm - 9:14 amFLL-EWR 11h 47m1 stop $70Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 24 7:14 pm - 10:29 pmEWR-FLL 3h 15mnonstop 9:27 pm - 9:14 amFLL-EWR 11h 47m1 stop $73Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Tue, Jan 16 10:10 pm - 9:28 amEWR-FLL 11h 18m1 stop 1:07 pm - 4:06 pmFLL-EWR 2h 59mnonstop $74Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 24 12:54 pm - 4:09 pmEWR-FLL 3h 15mnonstop 7:10 am - 1:44 pmFLL-EWR 6h 34m1 stop $78Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 4 - Tue, Jan 9 2:58 pm - 9:38 pmEWR-FLL 6h 40m1 stop 3:17 pm - 6:19 pmFLL-EWR 3h 02mnonstop $79Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Fri, Jan 12 5:25 am - 8:25 amEWR-FLL 3h 00mnonstop 8:59 pm - 11:53 pmFLL-EWR 2h 54mnonstop $148JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Fri, Jan 12 5:01 pm - 8:10 pmEWR-FLL 3h 09mnonstop 7:00 am - 9:59 amFLL-EWR 2h 59mnonstop $158JetBlue Find Deal Mon, Mar 11 - Fri, Mar 15 8:59 pm - 4:05 pmEWR-FLL 19h 06m2 stops 8:55 am - 11:57 amFLL-EWR 3h 02mnonstop $174 Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Thu, Dec 14 11:39 am - 5:00 pmEWR-FLL 5h 21m1 stop 9:20 pm - 9:02 amFLL-EWR 11h 42m1 stop $205 Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Thu, Jan 4 5:33 pm - 10:34 pmEWR-FLL 5h 01m1 stop 7:00 am - 12:59 pmFLL-EWR 5h 59m1 stop $214American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Apr 20 - Fri, Apr 26 Show more results Flights from Newark to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Newark to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale? The average price of all flights from Newark Airport to Fort Lauderdale clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Fort Lauderdale on a Tuesday and more expensive on a Friday. On your return trip to Newark Liberty Airport, you should consider flying back on a Thursday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Newark Airport to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Newark Airport to Fort Lauderdale is September, where tickets cost $160 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and February, where the average cost of tickets is $363 and $297 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Newark Airport to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Newark Airport to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 48 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Spirit Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $35. KAYAK users also found Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale round-trip flights on Spirit Airlines from $70 and on JetBlue from $148. Which airlines fly most frequently between Newark Liberty Airport and Fort Lauderdale? Newark Liberty Airport and Fort Lauderdale are connected by different airlines. The airlines that fly that route the most regularly are United Airlines (7 flights per day), JetBlue (4 flights per day), and Spirit Airlines (2 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Newark Airport and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Newark Airport to Fort Lauderdale. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Newark Airport to Fort Lauderdale. They are: JetBlue, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $73 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Newark Airport and Fort Lauderdale per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 17 nonstop flights that take off from Newark Airport and land in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 3h 09m. The most common departure time is 9:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 102 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Newark Airport and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale take? Direct flights take on average 3h 00m to travel the 1,066 miles between Newark Liberty Airport and Fort Lauderdale. What’s the earliest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Newark Airport at 5:25 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 8:25 am. What’s the latest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Newark Airport to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 8:59 pm and lands at 11:59 pm. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $35 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 35% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 0% lower on average. Flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from Newark to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Newark to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale flights Where can I withdraw money at FLL? If you’ve just landed at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) from Newark Liberty International Airport and you’re looking to replenish your wallet, you’ll have various options. There are multi-currency ATMs post-security on Concourse B in Terminal 1 and Concourse D in Terminal 2. Is there a United Club at Fort Lauderdale International Airport (FLL)? Those flying aboard American Airlines from EWR to FLL should remember that the airline operates a lounge at this facility. It’s situated in Terminal 1, Airside, near Gate C1. Members and holders of registered cards enjoy unrestricted access. However, Economy Class travelers can access the lounge at a reduced cost. What family-friendly amenities are at FLL? Travelers arriving at Fort Lauderdale International Airport from Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) should remember that the facility offers suites at the disposal of lactating and nursing moms and the littlest members of their families. These rooms are located outside of Delta Sky Club in Terminal 2. Also, they feature sinks, chairs, and electric sockets to pump and breastfeed in privacy. Where can I leave my bags at Fort Lauderdale International Airport? You can leave your excess baggage behind upon arrival at FLL, regardless of the size. You can find these lockers in Terminal 1 East Side, before security on the 2nd level, upstairs from Starbucks. Check with the attendant on the minimum and maximum storage durations. Which airlines fly from Newark Airport to Fort Lauderdale Airport? Airlines offering non-stop daily flights from Newark to Fort Lauderdale include Spirit, United Airlines, and jetBlue. They all offer direct flights between the two cities, but United Airlines tends to fly more often during the day, which offers a greater flexibility in terms of your schedule. Both their later flights and Spirit’s earlier flights tend to be the cheaper options. At which terminal do I catch my flight from Newark to Fort Lauderdale? This depends on which airline you choose to fly with. JetBlue flies from either Terminal A or B, Spirit operates at Terminal B, and United Airlines departs from either Terminal A or C. In order to avoid any confusion, make sure you check your departure details before you go to the airport so that you know exactly where you are flying from. Where do I find a rental car at Fort Lauderdale Airport? The Rental Car Center (RCC), which is located next to Terminal 1 at FLL, offers great convenience to travelers looking to rent a car upon arrival. Passengers who arrive at Terminal 1 can follow the RCC sign all the way to the Concourse B pedestrian bridge. If you’re arriving at Terminals 2, 3, or 4, follow the RCC signs to the pick-up areas outside the Baggage Claim halls, where a free shuttle bus will pick you up and take you to the RCC. How do I go from Fort Lauderdale Airport to the city center? Rental cars, taxis, or other app-based ride services are all comfortable options. Public transport to the city is also available, with public bus Route 1 of the Broward County Transit (BCT) picking up passengers from Stop 7 at the Rental Car Center. The Tri-Rail service stops at the Fort Lauderdale - Hollywood International Airport Station at Dania Beach, and free shuttle buses can take you from all the terminals to that train station. The Sun Trolley service offers a free ride to downtown Fort Lauderdale. It stops in front of all terminals every hour and runs on Saturdays and Sundays only. Do I need a passport to fly between Newark Liberty Airport and Fort Lauderdale? No Which airports will I be using when flying from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Newark Liberty Airport and Fort Lauderdale are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Newark Liberty Airport from Newark and will be arriving at Fort Lauderdale. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale flight route: JetBlue, Alaska Airlines, Delta, American Airlines, Qatar Airways, and Aeromexico. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Newark Liberty Airport and Fort Lauderdale. On which days can I fly direct from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale? There are nonstop flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Newark to Fort Lauderdale, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Newark to Fort Lauderdale are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $276 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $256 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from Newark Liberty Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to Newark Liberty Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Newark Liberty Airport and FLL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from Newark Liberty Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from EWR to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $101 or less one-way and $163 or less round-trip. Travelers feeling fatigued before their flights from Newark Liberty International (EWR) to Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) can seek some therapy to calm their nerves and relax emotions. Locate the D_Parture Spa in Terminal C, near gates 92 and 105. Among the services offered are facials, manicures, pedicures, and deep tissue massage, leaving you relaxed as you seek self-indulgence. Suppose you’ve arrived early at EWR. In that case, you could kill off time as you wait for your flight by stopping at The Metropolitan Museum of Art Store situated inside Terminal C. Stroll through and browse the vast collection of gifts that represent the New York landmarks in ornament form. You can buy a souvenir for yourself before departing to FLL. Multiple airlines run several lounges at the Newark International Airport (EWR). For instance, those flying aboard United Airlines can locate their lounge near gate C123 in Newark airport's Terminal C3. Typically, access is restricted to members and holders of registered cards. However, passengers can access these facilities after paying for the day’s pass. Religious travelers who want a private moment with their maker ahead of their flight from EWR to FLL will be glad to know that the airport features a prayer room. Tucked away from the noisy terminals, you can locate this sanctuary in Terminal C - between gates C70-99 and 101-115. Those looking to drop off their cars at EWR before their departure to FLL won’t have a shortage of options. Different parking levels are available daily, both on-site and off-site. Locate these slots at garages P1, P3, and Garage 4. It might be helpful to book in advance to enjoy special rates. Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR)’s three terminals (A, B, and C) can be navigated easily with the help of AirTrain, the free automated people-mover, which runs every three minutes during peak hours. Train and subway lines coming from New York City and New Jersey stop at Newark Liberty Airport Station, which is also linked to AirTrain. Otherwise, there’s a shuttle bus connecting Terminal A with C, and it can be boarded either near gate A28 or near gate C71. Newark Airport is fully ready for people with disabilities, with all the terminals and restrooms being equipped for disabled passengers. Travelers with disabilities must contact their airline in advance. If you need to grab a bite or a coffee just before boarding your flight from Newark to Fort Lauderdale, there are several restaurants you can choose from in all three terminals at EWR, including Abica Coffee, Phillips Seafood, and Villa Pizza. Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) features four different terminals, and you can move between them either by foot or by taking the free shuttle service provided by the airport. The shuttle circles the area outside each Baggage Claim exit, and it runs every few minutes. If you need accommodation near FLL, there are several options, from the most affordable ones to the highest-end ones, including the Rodeway Inn & Suites and Cambria Hotel. Most of the hotels in the area provide a free shuttle to the airport, so make sure you contact them in advance if possible. The hotel shuttles pick up and drop off passengers at their designated areas on the lower level curbside of all the terminals. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Newark to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from Newark to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Newark to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Azul, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Azul, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Azul, +10 more 8 9 Thursday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Azul, +10 more 8 9 Friday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Azul, +10 more 8 9 Saturday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +8 more Air Canada, Azul, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Azul, +10 more 8 9 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to Newark Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Azul, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, Azul, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Azul, +10 more 8 9 Thursday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, Azul, +11 more 9 10 Friday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +8 more Air Canada, Azul, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Azul, +10 more 8 9 Sunday Air Canada, Azul, Brussels Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, Azul, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Newark to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Newark to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Newark to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19621 reviews 82overall 86crew 78food 83boarding 79entertainment 82comfort Airline reviews Pros: "Jet blue has better leg space than many other domestic flights I have taken. It was very comfortable"Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Jet blue has better leg space than many other domestic flights I have taken. It was very comfortable" Pros: "Loved the variety of food offered, amount of legroom" Cons: "Was awake, just completely skipped over by attendant for drinks" Pros: "Crew was always around making sure all was ok. Would love to fly on one of your newer planes"" Pros: "Crew was kind and very helpful. Also, I found the seats to be comfortable and didn’t feel squished. There was plenty of leg room. Great experience overall. Thank you!" Cons: "Absolutely nothing! Was a fantastic experience!!!!" Cons: "Flight was scheduled to depart at 8:30pm. After 4 delays not due to weather we departed at 12:15am and arrived at 3am. Did not get home until 5am. Terrible experience." Pros: "Crew was nice and the flight was fine" Cons: "I was quite shocked that the seat I had originally been put in the head phone jack and The Wholearea where the channel changes was falling apart. I was able to switch seats due to flight being not full but that would be annoying. I also was weirded out that they did not ha e touch screens. In general the plane just seemed old and dirty to me." Cons: "The airline had the flight delayed due to waiting for flight attendants. Very irresponsible of the crew and members, which weren’t working on the flight" Pros: "Timely and they were able to serve me despite rain delays" Cons: "I paid for a ticket and it was stated on Kayak that I would have 2 carryon and one check free to me. When I got there I had to pay twice for my checked luggage" Pros: "Seat space, legroom, personal TV, free movies, free unlimited snacks" Pros: "Not much" Cons: "No apologies for the delayed flight. Only some of the TV’s appeared to be working- unable to change channels or volume so reduced to watching the same video for 3+ hours. I have flown JetBlue numerous times so quite disappointed with this flight." Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Pros: "The crew was amazing, the seats were super comfortable, entertainment was great, lots of movies to choose from. Also they handed out a lot of great snacks" Cons: "The delay was totally unexpected and frustrating particularly when no bad weather around!" Cons: "Passengers should have the option to ask for additional snacks." Cons: "Had to collect & re check luggage between flights. Couldn't they have been transferred to the next aircraft?" Pros: "We had purchased economy tickets and got assigned seats that were not next to each other. As we were boarding the ticket person gave us a new seat assignment closer to the front and next to each other – we really appreciated and liked it. Makes me want to fly Delta again!" Cons: "we began the boarding process late, which can be understandable, although the plane was there pretty early. Once the boarding began, someone, I presume the gate agent, essentially gave a countdown to hhow many minutes were left until the flight could have an "on time departure". I travel nearly every week so I value being on time. However, a minute by minute call to hurry up on a flight that was sold out was over the top. There was mumbling among the passengers, to the point of someone joking "Free cookies and water if we make it on time?" Just a bad gate experience, but bad enough that peopoe were commenting, and I waited for someone from the cockpit to del\part so I could mention it to them." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Nothing worked. Charging station. Tv. They charge for everything. Customer service is poor. I get Way more for my money flying a budget airline!" Pros: "Chairs was comfortable" Cons: "I had a kid kicking my chair the whole flight." Pros: "Landed safely." Cons: "Late departure. Almost missed connection. Even though we planned a decent amount of time between flights. Always something causing delays when we leave from Newark." Cons: "Well, you could have felt that when there is an unprecedented pandemic illness and federal guidance against travel that you don't doubly penalize customers who (1) cannot travel due to the extraordinary public health crisis of COVID 19 and, (2) are devastated that he cannot celebrate his best friend's 40th birthday despite being the thing he looked forward to for months and would love to use a travel voucher in the future when this whole thing eventually blows over. Imagine what your company could gain by being good." Pros: "Super quick boarding" Cons: "The flight was delayed at take off and at deplaning and we were never told why or even that we were delayed. We just sat there" Pros: "New plane, very comfortable. Crew handled weather delay well." Cons: "EWR Terminal B3 has the worst TSA capacity I’ve seen in a long time - understaffed, no TSA PreCheck (& no option to go through a different security check point), resulting in very slow lines from inadequately shepherded inexperienced international travelers. I won’t take Sun Country again thru’ EWR" Cons: "No inflight entertainment. No free snack. $40 for a carry on!" Pros: "It landed early." Cons: "Some complimentary snacks. No extra fee for online check-in. It’s cheaper to you to allow people to check themselves in online than make people check in at the desk that was woefully understaffed. Made it a terrible experience for all" Cons: "Flight was delayed for five hours with no communication from sun country reps" Cons: "Terrible delays. Charged me $400 for canceling the flight although it’s their mistake for delays. Then i booked Sun Country flight and didn’t make it. They harmed me $200 and gave me vouchers. Spent $1600 in one day to make it to my destination. Horrible experience." Pros: "Plane was clean and well maintained. Flight staff were friendly." Cons: "Typical Sun Country at this point. It takes 40-50 to check a bag - which you have to do now under their new policy. They had 2 people working the bag check-in stand while every other airline had between 4 and 8 people working. Luggage was agin very slow to the baggage claim, but this appears to be standard at this point. Their app is a disaster so you can't select seats efficiently. Overall, you may save $15-20 vs flying with delta, but the poor experience with Sun Country isn't worth it." Cons: "The plane has already been reconfigured with new seats to fit more. They were uncomfortable. All pricing has changed to something similar to Spirit airlines. I am going to miss the old SunCountry airlines." Pros: "The crew and all employees were great and very accommodating." Cons: "Sun Country now does a bait and switch. After you buy your ticket you learn that you have to pay for all your baggage and more money for your seat if you want to check in online. So no one checks in online and the line at the airport is about a half hour. If you ask, the employees will tell you how depressed they are since the airline was purchased last fall." Web site and app most difficult to access. Tel number not accessible. No answer at any time of day. Cons: "They left on time with 46 pax and took over a 2 hour delay. Then my bag did not show up." Pros: "There was nothing outstanding really" Cons: "It’s a low cost airline, so expectations are very low. Plane was very dirty because it just keeps on hopping back and forth without any cleaning service it seems" Pros: "We finally got to our destination" Cons: "Uhh not boarding and then the pilot coming on and saying "whoops we have to deplane since the weather is bad." Really? Why not just delay boarding instead of putting everyone through that. Terrible experience" Pros: "The crew was great. We left on time and arrived on time." Cons: "I wish water was free. That is the only thing I don't like. I understand it's a cheap airline so everything cost extra, which is fine. But come on, water should be free." Pros: "The crew was courteous and helpful; plane was clean; flight was on time; no problems" Pros: "Our trip to Knoxville was great- no complaints. A/c cool— flight on time." Cons: "Trip back to FLL air was not working well. Plane dirty as well." Cons: "The seats were a bit cramped but I suppose most are these days" Pros: "Friendly pilot." Cons: "My reading light kept flashing off and on. So I couldn't read my book." Pros: "Great crew fast service and flight smooth !" Cons: "I’m tall and have some back issues I found the seats very close and not too comfortable ! I tried to get A seat by the emergency exit but wasn’t early enough on my pick !" Pros: "the crew was amazing. Seats needs to be more comfortable." Cons: "seat needs to be more comfortable." Pros: "Nothing. It’s a terrible airline. Seriously, don’t book with them unless you’re desperate or you want to have an anxiety attack." Cons: "American isn’t my preferred airline for obvious reasons (delays, notoriously bad service, old planes, and a lack of amenities like WiFi and tv’s), but now I’ll never spend my money with them again. They took me off an already delayed flight after I’d already boarded to examine my smart bag. I know that lithium batteries can’t be taken in the underbelly of the plane and I knew my bag would likely be checked at the gate (why I removed the battery and left it at home in the first place). When they asked me if I had a lithium battery in my bag I said “no.” They then gate checked the bag and allowed me on the plane. After everyone had been boarded (half an hour after we’d been scheduled to take off) they then called my name out on the speaker. I had to then de-board the plane and re-explain to staff that there was no lithium battery in my bag. The staff didn’t believe me citing the infallible logic: “there are ports so there’s a battery.” I told them again and again that the battery had been removed and the charging ports—while there—were inert as they weren’t attached to the battery. STILL, I had to remove all of my clothes from the bag, and open every single compartment (of which there were many) for them to allow me to get back onto the plane. They were telling me that they might have to “rebook the flight” if my bag couldn’t get on. I don’t think I need to explain how agitated/terrified that made me." Cons: "I was annoyed when I was told I would have to check my carry on because there was no more room in the overhead compartments. Then as I was walking down the aisle to get to my seat I saw a lot of room in the overheads." Pros: "Flight left on time. Pilot had a sense of humor." Cons: "Entertainment seemed canned" Pros: "I like that I made it home alive." Cons: "Everything about Departing and arriving was a Poor experience. I might not be using this particular airline again. 4 Airlines now on my list of do not use." Pros: "nothing" Cons: "Flight crew was an hour late to the flight, whereas customers were waiting for far longer than that." Pros: "The crew was excellent. Stewardess was cheerful and helpful. The flight while full was not crowded." Cons: "Plane was late. Mechanical issue at the gate after boarding. Seating room pretty tight. Three gate chanes at O'Hare." Pros: "Got me to where I'm going safely. Crew was nice." Cons: "Flying is painful" Pros: "The flight left on time - I do appreciate that." Cons: "We were forced to check our Uppababy Vista stroller at EWR departures that we hoped to check at the gate. Needless to say this made it difficult to get our toddler through security. At baggage claim only half our stroller was there - they had disconnected the seat from the wheels. Luckily we spotted what looked like a similar frame to ours at the gate when we landed. It then took another forty minutes for the baggage claim office person to go through security, to the arrival gate and back to baggage claim." Pros: "The crew was nice." Cons: "The flight was delayed due to weather, but nothing can change that. We still landed on time. Many other passengers were complaining." JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 Allegiant Air7.2 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Newark to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Newark to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/16Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 9h 05mEWR-FLL $35 Search 12/31Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 17mEWR-FLL $36 Search 3/19Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 03mEWR-FLL $79 Search 3/19Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 56mEWR-FLL $87 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopDelta 5h 13mEWR-FLL $89 Search 12/7Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 46mEWR-FLL $94 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopDelta 6h 51mEWR-FLL $96 Search 12/6Wed nonstopJetBlue 3h 06mEWR-FLL $99 Search 12/30Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 13mEWR-FLL $118 Search 12/8Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 13mEWR-FLL $126 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$90 or less$90 or less$100 or less$130 or less Last minute flights from Newark to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Newark to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 6h 39mEWR-FLL 12/18Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 42mFLL-EWR $102 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 17mEWR-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 6h 49mFLL-EWR $103 Search 12/2Sat nonstopJetBlue 3h 04mEWR-FLL 12/12Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 57mFLL-EWR $220 Search 12/4Mon nonstopJetBlue 3h 06mEWR-FLL 12/12Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 57mFLL-EWR $235 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 58mEWR-FLL 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 25mFLL-EWR $236 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 7h 19mEWR-FLL 12/13Wed multi-stopDelta 4h 56mFLL-EWR $239 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 59mEWR-FLL 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 25mFLL-EWR $244 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 8h 20mEWR-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopDelta 7h 22mFLL-EWR $254 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 08mEWR-FLL 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 08mFLL-EWR $283 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 00mEWR-FLL 12/2Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 08mFLL-EWR $288 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$100 or less$240 or less$240 or less$250 or less$290 or less Newark Liberty Airport - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - Newark Liberty Airport Cabin classes: $606 First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $615 Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $404 Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $86 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport $74Flights from Newark Airport to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $74Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Newark Liberty Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from Newark Liberty Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.