Cheap Flights from Miami to Madrid from $206 | (MIA - MAD) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MIA - MAD Find cheap flights from Miami to Madrid from $206 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Madrid These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Madrid. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Madrid. How much is the cheapest flight from Miami to Madrid?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Miami to Madrid that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:30 pm - 11:20 amMIA-MAD 12h 50m1 stop 7:40 am - 2:40 pmMAD-MIA 13h 00m1 stop $380TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Thu, Jan 25 4:30 pm - 11:20 pmMIA-MAD 24h 50m1 stop 9:10 pm - 2:40 pmMAD-MIA 23h 30m1 stop $382TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Thu, Jan 25 10:00 am - 5:45 amMIA-MAD 13h 45m1 stop 11:40 am - 3:45 pmMAD-MIA 10h 05mnonstop $448Iberia Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Thu, Jan 25 10:05 pm - 12:35 pmMIA-MAD 8h 30mnonstop 11:40 am - 3:45 pmMAD-MIA 10h 05mnonstop $449Iberia Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Thu, Jan 25 3:35 pm - 6:05 amMIA-MAD 8h 30mnonstop 11:40 am - 3:45 pmMAD-MIA 10h 05mnonstop $488Finnair Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Thu, Feb 29 3:34 pm - 8:45 amMIA-MAD 11h 11m1 stop 10:00 am - 1:39 pmMAD-MIA 9h 39mnonstop $492Finnair Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Fri, Feb 9 5:20 pm - 7:50 amMIA-MAD 8h 30mnonstop 4:10 pm - 8:20 pmMAD-MIA 10h 10mnonstop $496British Airways Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Sun, Jan 21 5:10 pm - 11:50 amMIA-MAD 12h 40m1 stop 11:40 am - 3:45 pmMAD-MIA 10h 05mnonstop $499British Airways Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Mon, Feb 5 9:45 pm - 12:05 pmMIA-MAD 8h 20mnonstop 3:25 pm - 7:10 pmMAD-MIA 9h 45mnonstop $585Air Europa Find Deal Thu, Feb 29 - Sat, Mar 9 9:45 pm - 12:05 pmMIA-MAD 8h 20mnonstop 3:25 pm - 7:10 pmMAD-MIA 9h 45mnonstop $586Air Europa Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Wed, Dec 13 Show more results Flights from Miami to Madrid - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Miami to Madrid to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Miami to Madrid? The average price of all flights from Miami to Madrid clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Miami to Madrid, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Thursday is the most expensive. Flying from Madrid back to Miami, the best deals are generally found on Friday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Miami to Madrid? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Miami to Madrid, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Miami to Madrid is February, where tickets cost $528 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,193 and $1,156 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Miami to Madrid? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Miami to Madrid, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Miami to Madrid, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 49 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Miami to Madrid? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Air Europa offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $293. KAYAK users also found Miami to Madrid round-trip flights on TAP AIR PORTUGAL from $380 and on Iberia from $448. Which airlines fly most frequently between Miami and Madrid? Air Europa connects Miami to Madrid with up to 2 flights per day and both American Airlines and Iberia also offer 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Miami and Madrid? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Miami to Madrid. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Miami to Madrid. They are: Air Europa, American Airlines and Iberia. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Air Europa at $452 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air Europa. How many flights are there between Miami and Madrid per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 8 nonstop flights that take off from Miami and land in Madrid, with an average flight time of 8h 18m. The most common departure time is 3:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 47 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Miami and Madrid? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Miami to Madrid take? Direct flights cover the 4,412 miles separating Miami to Madrid in about 8h 20m. What’s the earliest departure time from Miami to Madrid? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Miami at 3:35 pm and will be landing in Madrid at 6:05 am. What’s the latest departure time from Miami to Madrid? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Miami to Madrid jets off at 10:55 pm and lands at 1:15 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $206 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 31% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 47% increase in price. Flight from Miami to Madrid When to book flights from Miami to Madrid Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Miami to Madrid based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Miami to Madrid What is the best way to get to MIA from downtown Miami? The distance between downtown Miami and Miami International Airport is approximately 8.7 miles. There are several options to get you there, including car rentals, airport shuttles, and taxis. However, the train offers the most convenient option, covering the distance in around 4min. The train terminal is located on the third level between Dolphin and Flamingo Garages. Is there a prayer room at MAD? Travelers who have just landed at Madrid-Barajas Adolfo Suárez Airport from MIA and want to thank their maker for a safe voyage will find a prayer room at MAD. Nuestra Señora de Loreto Chapel is located at Terminal 2, floor 1. Are there hotels near MAD? Those who will be arriving late to Madrid-Barajas Adolfo Suárez Airport and don’t want to rush to connect to their next destination can opt to sleep in one of the numerous hotels close by. B&B Hotel Madrid Aeropuerto T4 is a hotel adjacent to this facility, and it offers courtesy shuttles to and from the airport. Are there currency exchange bureaus at MAD? Travelers who’ve just arrived in Madrid and are looking for stations to change their dollars into euros will have several options. Global Exchange is located in Terminal 4, Floor 0, Baggage reclaim hall 10 and 11. Are there lounges at MAD? Multiple airlines operate lounges at MAD, such as Neptuno Lounge in Terminal 4 and Sala VIP Cibeles in Terminal 1. Still, the terminals are accessible to economy class travelers if they pay for a day pass. Is smoking allowed anywhere at Miami International Airport? To use any nicotine-based product at Miami International Airport, go just outside of Terminals D, E, F, H, or J, where you will find several benches, trashcans, and ashtrays. There is also an indoor smoking room that can be found near Gate D 36 in Concourse D, and it can be accessed by all travelers aged 21 and up. What is there to do while waiting at Miami International Airport? For travelers who like art, make sure to visit the rotating local exhibits that are placed throughout Miami International Airport. If you would like to look your best for your trip, go to the Jetsetter Spa in Concourse H and treat yourself to a manicure, massage, or facial. Where can I rent a car from Madrid-Barajas Adolfo Suárez Airport? To pick up your rental car, go to level 0 of Terminal 1 in Madrid-Barajas Adolfo Suárez Airport. In this area, you will find desks for several major international rental companies, including Enterprise, Gold, and Budget. All of their rental vehicles are located on-site and are within a short walk from their offices. What is the best form of public transportation to use to travel from Madrid-Barajas Adolfo Suárez Airport to the city center? If you are interested in using public transportation to go downtown from Madrid-Barajas Adolfo Suárez Airport, consider taking Metro Line 8, which will take you to the Nuevos Ministerios station in less than 15m. The Line C1 of the Renfe Cercanias train also leaves from Terminal 4 and will take you to Chamartin in just over 10m. Do I need a passport to fly between Miami and Madrid? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from Miami to Madrid? When flying out of Miami you will be using Miami. You will be landing at Madrid, also known as Madrid Barajas. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Miami to Madrid? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Miami to Madrid flight route: American Airlines, Finnair, Iberia, JetBlue, British Airways, United Airlines, PSA Airlines, Lufthansa, Breeze Airways, and EL AL. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Miami to Madrid? The Airbus A330 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Miami to Madrid flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Miami to Madrid? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Miami and Madrid, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Miami to Madrid? There are nonstop flights from Miami to Madrid on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Miami to Madrid, Delta or Finnair? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Miami to Madrid are Delta and Finnair. With an average price for the route of $830 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Finnair is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $797 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Miami to Madrid? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Miami to Madrid. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Miami to Madrid? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Madrid from Miami is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Miami to Madrid? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Madrid with an airline and back to Miami with another airline. Booking your flights between Miami and MAD can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Miami to Madrid? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Madrid from Miami up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from MIA to Madrid Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $536 or less one-way and $618 or less round-trip. If you have an early morning flight from Miami International Airport (MIA) to Madrid-Barajas Adolfo Suárez Airport (MAD), it might be best if you considered sleeping at one of the numerous hotels near MIA. Most of these facilities provide courtesy shuttles to get you to the airport, in time for your departure. Hyatt Place Miami Airport East is one such hotel. MIA offers runs a myMIAaccess program, which aids travelers with disabilities and persons with limited mobility. The program provides a dedicated platform for accessing amenities, information and services when traveling through Miami International Airport. For instance, the multi-sensory rooms located post-security in Concourse D, next to checkpoint 4, offer space for passengers with cognitive and developmental disabilities like autism to enjoy a calm and stimulating environment. Families traveling with the littlest members of their families will be glad to know that there are dedicated rooms for nursing and lactating moms. These facilities are popularly known as MIAmamas. You can locate them in concourse D, post-security. In addition, you’ll find sinks and seats for your convenience. Various airlines run VIP clubs and lounges at Miami International Airport (MIA), including the American Airlines - Admirals Club and American Express Centurion Lounge. However, any passenger, including economy class travelers, can access the lounges if they pay for a day pass. The American Express Centurion Lounge sits in Concourse D, adjacent to Gate D12, on the 4th floor. If you have just landed at MAD after your flight from Miami to Madrid and feel like you want to leave behind some of your luggage, there are storage facilities to use. The storage lockers are in Terminal T1, Floor 0, Exterior Area next to the VIP Car Park. To make your travels as quick and convenient as possible, look for nonstop flights from Miami to Madrid. Both American Airlines and British Airways have affordable tickets without layovers, and they allow customers to check one bag for free. If you need to tackle some items on your to-do list, go to the Business Center, located in between Concourses H and J of Miami International Airport (MIA). In addition to providing travelers with computers and internet access, this center also has copying machines and a currency exchange desk. Because many people find traveling to be stressful, Miami International Airport has a yoga room that is equipped with complimentary exercise mats and instructional exercise DVDs. Before your flight from Miami to Madrid begins boarding, head to this room in Terminal H to unwind and meditate. For those traveling with small children, there are several amenities that you can take advantage of in Madrid-Barajas Adolfo Suárez Airport (MAD). In addition to two Breast Feeding Rooms that are located in Terminals 2 and 4, strollers can be rented from all boarding areas for free. To rest and freshen up after your day of traveling, consider renting one of the Air Rooms that are located in Terminal 4 of Madrid-Barajas Adolfo Suárez Airport. Starting at a rate of 40 EUR (approximately 45 USD), guests can take a 30m shower as well as receive access to the airport’s private VIP Lounge. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Miami to Madrid Barajas? Find which airlines fly direct from Miami to Barajas, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Miami to Madrid Barajas Search Flights Monday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +9 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +9 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Friday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +9 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Sunday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Madrid Barajas to Miami Search Flights Monday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Friday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Air Europa, American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more Air Europa, American Airlines, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Miami to Madrid See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Miami to Madrid. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Miami to Madrid? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9112 reviews 78comfort 82boarding 77entertainment 82overall 79food 86crew Airline reviews Pros: "The airline is top notch and treated you great like it should be." Cons: "The sears where a little tight but not bad and the movie options were ok not great."Read more about SWISS Pros: "The airline is top notch and treated you great like it should be." Cons: "The sears where a little tight but not bad and the movie options were ok not great." Pros: "Crew was fantastic" Cons: "Boarding was delayed by 30 minutes. May have been beyond the crew control." Pros: "The crew was great." Cons: "There was no entertainment on board. I was in the last row, and my seat would not recline, which made the flight less than comfortable." Cons: "Swiss does not know how to handle their own problems and hurt passengers in the process." Pros: "The crew was very nice and very good. They served the evening meal very promptly. They could have made another trash run prior to everyone trying to sleep for the night flight." Cons: "The coach seats are narrower than any I have encountered and they are very close to the rows in front and behind. Not comfortable at all." Pros: "Service and food were good considering it was "plane food". No delay whatsoever." Cons: "Black box under the front seat. No room for legs. Seat blocked in lower position, impossible to make it stay in upper position. Entertainment wasn't working good: extremely laggy when it was working ... Seats are way too short. You got the neck support into the upper back ... And I am only 1.80m. Overall, I am done with Swiss until they upgrade their planes. Wifi was 99usd for 220 mo ... what a joke. A 20+yo plane for a such reputated company. There was still the ashtrays inside the restrooms." Pros: "Paid in advance 45.00 a seat to reserve! Otherwise they assign at Check-in! Still ended up with a standard not premium seats in center. I chose 2 side seats online but plane must have changed. Literally could not move. My travel partner ended up spilling wine on himself primarily due to this and 1/2 size drop down trays. Call button brought no help , had to get up and go retrieve steward in back myself!" Cons: "Comfortability , mediocre service." Pros: "Everything, but the lack of entertainment, and the seats I bought were separated." Cons: "The lack of entertainment, and the seats I bought were separated." Pros: "Smooth flight" Cons: "I ordered a kosher meal and did not get it. The seats are very uncofmfortable. When the one in front puts their seat back it goes almost in to the face of the one behind." Pros: "It was on time" Cons: "They lost my bag for 6 days. It was an absolute horrible experience. There was a disconnect between their outsourced baggage tracer company and Swiss. Will NEVER fly again." Pros: "The boarding was great and moved very well. The crew super friendly and helpful." Cons: "More information on how to use the complimentary Wifi in the cabin. I had the app and it helped me but it’s not immediately in front of you so the passenger can decide. You guys offer WiFi in packages and most of the other airlines do not." Pros: "The crew is always smiling and ready to help you and I really like that." Pros: "I fly a lot, and I am very impressed with the level of consistency that Delta has offered the last couple of months. This flight didn’t disappoint. The crew was particularly friendly" Cons: "Nothing I can think of-10/10" Cons: "Flight was delayed and we missed our connection. Wondering why all the shuttles were parked and unavailable when you knew there were connection s that were tight." Pros: "Everything and everyone was very nice and helpful My son has a cognitive disability and he flew by his self And they helped him find his seat and treated him with respect." Cons: "While trying to get a gate pass to pick up our son from the gate Delta service makes it very hard to know where to go and get the pass and then they only had one person working at ticket assist. Totally unacceptable. Many managers walking around but no one actually helping." Pros: "Arrived on time and smooth flight though it was completely full" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They charged me $646 for the flight. And we departed 40 min later. I arrived late to my work. They gave me seat in the back of the plane. Horrible" Pros: "Staff are adept at dealing with these issues but it is a systemic problem." Cons: "Rather than pay luggage fees, people are bringing on their luggage and the flight ALWAYS runs out of space. Suitcases are being moved around right at people heads and more than once I've been hit and seen other people be hit in the head by a suitcase. Getting luggage in place used to be a simple and minor issue, now it occupies much of the time, energy, and attention of the cabin crew as well as the gate crew. I realize this is making money for Delta but the cost is being paid by people being hit in the head with luggage and the crew's unavailability to deal with other issues." Cons: "Food was awful. Didn't get my checked luggage in Manila upon arrival, was traced and left in New York JFK. Don't know who messed up with my luggage if Delta connection or China airlines." Pros: "Crew was kind and responsive." Cons: "Older plane so seats were very crammed. My screen was not calibrated correctly so I couldn’t rewind or pause movies. No charging option for phone. WiFi was spotty." Pros: "The crew was attentive" Cons: "The aircraft needs better maintenance. My table was tilted and the seatbelt was twisted" Cons: "Very impressed with Avianca. They have food and free movies/TV on board and a plug for my phone to charge. Boarding was a little crazy since the area was so small and hard to tell where the line was but overall great compared to American Airlines" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The fight got delay. They made me loose my connection and then made me wait 9 hour at the airport just to make a change on my schedule. The people from the Avianca counter in Miami is the worst. Also, when I arrive to Lima, got my luggage an one of them was terrible broken with the things that were inside. Will never use AVIANCA in my life!" Pros: "On time.. great crew and service.. very good flight" Cons: "Not too much leg room.. food was just ok..kind of rough" Pros: "That the flight was on time" Cons: "The food, and they told me I should pick up my baggage at Guayaquil but I had to pick it up in Quito" Pros: "Seating very comfortable and food was very tasty and healthy." Cons: "Took a bit to get the luggage in MDE." Cons: "The food was gross the flight was four hours late. Horrible service" Pros: "Meals are good. The best: 2 baggages" Cons: "Entertainment: few movies available for kids No plug to charge electronic devices." Pros: "A long walk between planes at Bogota airport. I rushed not realizing Bogota was an hour earlier. Typically told the local time in plane after landing.... maybe it was but only in Spanish" Pros: "They serve a lot of food, and if you need a drink that would not be a problem..." Cons: "The chairs were not comfortable at all" Pros: "I liked how generous they were with food and drinks" Cons: "Free WiFi could have made the flight a lot better" Pros: "Seats were very comfortable. Plane interior was in new condition, including electronic window shade tinting." Cons: "Staff was not particularly warm or attentive. Was never offered more to drink, and after asking for more wine was ignored." Cons: "It's KLM. What else do you need to know." Cons: "A little bit chaotic when they loaded two planes at the same time in a very tight space in Amsterdsm but this was most likey an airport soecific design issue and not a KLM issue. The flight was as good as can be expected fir an international flight. The staff was great" Pros: "The socks offered in business were comfortable and nice looking. The red wine was good." Cons: "The food was just average and the seat not too comfortable" Pros: "Crew great, boarding at Nice very organised, boarding in Amsterdam not so organised!" Cons: "A queuing system would be better-it was a bit disorganised at Amsterdam!" Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable. There was nothing to like. In past I have traveled by KLM but this time it was worst." Cons: "No proper food service. Even to the passenger of Amsterdam no dinner was served. No inflight service. It looks like domestic flight. I will think twice to travel by KLM. The check-in staff at counter was absolutely arrogant. Staff ar boarding gate was nice." Cons: "I bought tickets thrue you for me two months ago Iit went well but on the last few days I also bought ticked for my brother and his wife and it was a disaster night mare for them bound for Montpellier too to attend a wedding the damn suitcase didn’t get to final destination it was at Orlando but got" Pros: "The flight was smooth, the service was friendly, and the food with plentiful." Cons: "Too much activity in the cabin during the flight." Pros: "The crew were very nice, food was tasty, seat comfortable and the entertainment great as well. Will be flying KLM again soon :)" I like everything in general. Except the business seat is too narrow. Pros: "Great crew and all were pleasant and attentive. Best airline I have flown." Pros: "Plane was clean and a little more roomy than most long distance flights." Cons: "Entertainment system in my row didn't work correctly. Flight delayed due to weather. On board announcements said Lufthansa would rebook passengers with connecting flights and tell us arrangements as soon as we landed. No sign of Lufthansa reps at arrival gate area and zero directions on where to go. Had to walk miles through Frankfurt airport , go through immigration and security again without any direction one where to find Lufthansa and when finally found Lufthansa service counter it was understaffed with long lines and confusion. By time we learned rebooking, we almost missed rebooked connections. So much for German organizing and efficiency." Cons: "Tras pasar por la máquina con la tarjeta de embarque una azafata de tierra dijo que no podía pasar alegando que mi maleta de mano espesaba demasiado sin fijarse que ya había sido pesado con etiqueta de ‘cabin baggage por la aerolínea. Luego al preguntar si estaba asegurado dijo que sí pero no sabía por cuanto. Los compartimentos encima de mi asiento no estaban llenos. El avión aterrizó tarde. Las azafatas de vuelo profesionales." Cons: "Lost my luggage . I am in Madrid with no luggage." Cons: "boarding was late and chaotic and no apology from the airline" Pros: "Always professional in every detail Great food Great customer service" Cons: "The variety of drinks" Cons: "no screen for movies getting all aboard without dividing into sitting numbers." Pros: "In time on arrival with a good chance to catch the next flight" Cons: "Did not get the food of my choice. The system was blocked for early check in." Pros: "The seating went very efficiently and fast. All the flight attendants were extremely friendly. Food was great and there were plenty of movies for adults and kids. Would chose Lufthansa again" Cons: "I was in economy class and the lady in front of me put the seat back. My knees hit the seat the whole flight and I am not that tall 5.6." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 KLM7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from Miami to Madrid Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Miami to Madrid found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/6Tue 1 stop 17h 20mMIA-MAD $206 Search 1/17Wed 2 stops 30h 10mMIA-MAD $208 Search 1/30Tue 2 stops 24h 35mMIA-MAD $216 Search 12/26Tue nonstopAir Europa 8h 20mMIA-MAD $293 Search 12/26Tue nonstopAir Europa 8h 20mMIA-MAD $317 Search 3/9Sat 1 stopAvianca 22h 20mMIA-MAD $368 Search 3/9Sat 1 stopAvianca 24h 15mMIA-MAD $371 Search 12/7Thu 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 11h 00mMIA-MAD $396 Search 12/8Fri 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 11h 40mMIA-MAD $406 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopRoyal Air Maroc 14h 30mMIA-MAD $450 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir EuropaAviancaTAP AIR PORTUGALRoyal Air Maroc Search by price$210 or less$290 or less$370 or less$400 or less$450 or less Last minute flights from Miami to Madrid Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Miami to Madrid that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 21h 50mMIA-MAD 12/12Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 13h 00mMAD-MIA $406 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopIberia 13h 41mMIA-MAD 12/14Thu nonstopIberia 10h 10mMAD-MIA $449 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAir Europa 8h 20mMIA-MAD 12/8Fri nonstopAir Europa 9h 45mMAD-MIA $477 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAir Europa 8h 20mMIA-MAD 12/8Fri nonstopAir Europa 9h 45mMAD-MIA $486 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopFinnair 11h 04mMIA-MAD 12/7Thu nonstopFinnair 10h 10mMAD-MIA $492 Search 12/2Sat nonstopBritish Airways 8h 30mMIA-MAD 12/14Thu nonstopBritish Airways 10h 10mMAD-MIA $496 Search 12/1Fri nonstopFinnair 8h 30mMIA-MAD 12/6Wed nonstopFinnair 10h 10mMAD-MIA $498 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 15h 36mMIA-MAD 12/12Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 10h 05mMAD-MIA $501 Search 12/4Mon nonstopBritish Airways 8h 30mMIA-MAD 12/12Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 13h 10mMAD-MIA $507 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 8h 30mMIA-MAD 1/12Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 10h 10mMAD-MIA $632 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTAP AIR PORTUGALIberiaAir EuropaFinnairBritish AirwaysAmerican Airlines Search by price$450 or less$490 or less$500 or less$500 or less$630 or less Miami - Madrid Flights Departure: Miami (MIA)United States Destination: Madrid (MAD)Spain Return flight deals: Madrid - Miami Cabin classes: First Class flights to Madrid $2,613 Business Class flights to Madrid $1,350 Prem Econ Class flights to Madrid $510 Economy Class flights to Madrid Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Miami $385Flights from Miami to Madrid Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Spain » Madrid $374Flights to Madrid, Madrid Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Philadelphia Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Ontario Flights to Charlotte Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Madrid flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Madrid from Miami. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Madrid from Miami. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.