Cheap Flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor to Seattle from $29 | (PHX - SEA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW PHX - SEA Find cheap flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Seattle These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Phoenix to Seattle. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Phoenix to Seattle. How much is the cheapest flight from Sky Harbor Intl to Seattle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Sky Harbor Intl to Seattle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:05 am - 10:15 amPHX-SEA 3h 10mnonstop 11:09 am - 3:16 pmSEA-PHX 3h 07mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 2:35 pm - 9:28 pmPHX-SEA 7h 53m1 stop 10:00 pm - 11:41 amSEA-PHX 12h 41m1 stop $65Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 2:35 pm - 9:28 pmPHX-SEA 7h 53m1 stop 11:09 am - 3:16 pmSEA-PHX 3h 07mnonstop $67 Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 8:05 am - 10:15 amPHX-SEA 3h 10mnonstop 8:14 pm - 12:16 amSEA-PHX 3h 02mnonstop $68Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Mon, Jan 22 12:32 pm - 9:10 pmPHX-SEA 9h 38m1 stop 7:55 pm - 11:58 pmSEA-PHX 3h 03mnonstop $74 Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Sun, Jan 28 2:05 pm - 4:15 pmPHX-SEA 3h 10mnonstop 3:00 pm - 6:47 pmSEA-PHX 2h 47mnonstop $138Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Sun, Jan 21 10:36 am - 12:54 pmPHX-SEA 3h 18mnonstop 8:09 pm - 11:59 pmSEA-PHX 2h 50mnonstop $158Alaska Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Fri, Dec 29 10:01 pm - 12:17 amPHX-SEA 3h 16mnonstop 12:38 pm - 9:55 pmSEA-PHX 8h 17m1 stop $175American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 28 - Mon, Mar 4 12:25 pm - 2:43 pmPHX-SEA 3h 18mnonstop 7:30 pm - 11:20 pmSEA-PHX 2h 50mnonstop $199Delta Find Deal Wed, Dec 6 - Wed, Dec 13 2:52 pm - 5:08 pmPHX-SEA 3h 16mnonstop 6:47 am - 10:38 amSEA-PHX 2h 51mnonstop $218Delta Find Deal Thu, Dec 21 - Tue, Jan 2 Show more results Flights from Sky Harbor Intl to Seattle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Sky Harbor Intl to Seattle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Seattle? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Seattle is January, where tickets cost $157 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $267 and $258 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Seattle? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Seattle, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 74 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Seattle from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport were found on Frontier ($29) and Spirit Airlines ($33), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Frontier ($58) and Spirit Airlines ($65). Which airlines fly most frequently between Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport and Seattle? Alaska Airlines connects Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle with up to 8 flights per day. American Airlines also offers 3 flights per day, while Southwest follows with 3 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport and Seattle? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Seattle. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Seattle. They are: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta, Frontier and Southwest. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $39 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport and Seattle per day? Each day, there are between 14 and 26 nonstop flights that take off from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport and land in Seattle, with an average flight time of 3h 13m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 127 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport and Seattle? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle take? A direct flight to Seattle will take on average 3h 10m to travel the 1,107 miles flying distance from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport at 6:00 am and will be landing in Seattle at 8:15 am. What’s the latest departure time from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Seattle jets off at 11:52 pm and lands at 2:19 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 26% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 22% increase in price. Flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle When to book flights from Sky Harbor Intl to Seattle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Sky Harbor Intl to Seattle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle flights Which nearby cities can I get to from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA)? Passengers arriving at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) can explore other towns beyond Seattle. If you want to visit destinations within an hour’s drive of SEA, consider Buckley, Stanwood, Gold Bar, and Graham. Other nearby towns include Surrey and Sumas, about two hours away, and Clackamas and Prosser, around three hours away. Which is the best way to get to downtown Seattle from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA)? Many transportation options connect SEA to the city center of Seattle, including shuttles, taxis, and trains. The light rail is the recommended means to connect the two points if you want to save money. The service covers the 13.8-mile journey in about 40min. Taxis are ideal for arriving at the city center in about 25min. Where can I relax at PHX as I wait for my flight? Numerous airlines operate their clubs and lounges at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX), where you can retreat while waiting for departure to Seattle. For instance, those using Terminal 4 can access the American Airlines Admirals Club Gates A19 and A21, The Centurion Lounge across from Gate B21, and the Escape Lounge across from Gate B21. Where are the information desks located at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA)? Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport conveniently has information desks to serve arriving customers. They are located post-security in the A Concourse between Gates A5 and A6. The friendly airport representatives handling these facilities are ready to answer any questions, including information about Seattle, the airport’s amenities, and nearby attractions. What restaurants are there in Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX)? If you arrive at PHX hungry, you can grab a plate of your favorite delicacy before flying to Seattle. The airport is known for its authentic eateries, such as Peet’s Coffee, located on lLevel 1 of Terminal 3, pre-security, and serves seasonal lattes and cold brew coffees. Travelers using Terminal 4 and craving Mexican cuisine should stop at Blue Mesa Tacos, pre-security. The restaurant serves quesadillas and burritos. Which airline runs a hub at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX)? As the main airport in Phoenix, Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX) is the preferred arrival station for most flights from Seattle. It also serves as a hub for American Airlines and an operating base for Southwest Airlines. You can thus expect accelerated service, world-class amenities, and numerous direct connections to other destinations. Where are the ATMs located at Sky Harbor Phoenix Airport? There are a few ATM locations at the PHX Airport. The ATM service is offered by the Bank of America and can be found both at pre-security and post-security of both Terminals 3 and 4. At Terminal 3 they are located near Level I Baggage Claim and Near Gate F5 while in Terminal 4 they can be found at Levels 1, 2, and 3 and near gates A1, B1, C1, and D1. Are there hotels near Seattle airport? Yes, there are budget and luxury hotels close to the Seattle airport. Some of the hotels include Best Western airport which is approximately 2.5 miles from the airport, and Country Inn which is about 1.5 miles from the airport just to mention a few. I have lost my luggage at the Seattle airport. Where can I report this? Seattle airport has lost and found services at the baggage claim level. You must file a lost and found claim online. You will need to give your contact information, location, and item description. Is Sky Harbor Phoenix Airport Accessible? Accessibility features are available at Phoenix airport. Wheelchairs are available in the airport to aid the physically disabled to maneuver with ease. If you need to carry along your wheelchair during your travel, you can communicate with your airline. You can make reservations if you need to travel with your oxygen tank. Hearing devices are also available at the airport. Accessible restrooms with professional caregivers are also available and you will only need to seek directions from the information desk. Do I need a passport to fly between Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport and Seattle? A passport is not required to fly from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle. Which airports will I be using when flying from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle? On your way to Seattle, you’ll fly out from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl. You’ll be landing at Seattle/Tacoma Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle? Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta, and Silver Airways offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle? The Boeing 737-800 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport and Seattle, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle? There are nonstop flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Phoenix to Seattle, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Phoenix to Seattle are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $238 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $238 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Seattle from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Seattle with an airline and back to Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport and SEA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Seattle? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Seattle from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from PHX to Seattle Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $92 or less one-way and $116 or less round-trip. Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX) operates two terminals. All domestic flights, mainly by Delta and JetBlue Airlines, use Terminal 3, as Terminal 4 serves all international flights. A courtesy PHX Sky Train provides interterminal movement and also connects the Valley Metro Rail and East Economy Parking. Remember that airlines like JetBlue and Spirit Airlines offer one-stop journeys between Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX) and Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA). Whereas JetBlue makes a layover at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), Spirit Airlines flies through Las Vegas International Airport (LAS). Families traveling from PHX to SEA will be happy to learn that most airlines along this route provide family-friendly amenities. Therefore, you can look forward to spacious seats with extra legroom for a comfortable and relaxing journey. Also, the carriers feature kid-friendly entertainment for the children to enjoy throughout the journey. You will be departing from Sky Harbor Phoenix International Airport (PHX) when flying to Seattle from Phoenix, Arizona. The Sky Harbor airport is situated approximately 3 miles east of downtown Phoenix. The airport is ranked as one of the busiest commercial Arizona airports and serves as a base for Southwest Airlines and a hub for American Airlines both of which fly to Seattle. Seattle Tacoma International Airport (SEA) has approximately 100 gates which are strategically located on the airport satellite buildings. Transport to downtown Seattle is available via Line 1 service. One-way fare for adults is about $2.50. The Sky Harbor airport is pet-friendly. This airport has approximately seven reserved areas where pets can stretch, play, relieve themselves, and where you can clean them. Some of the pet areas include The Paw Pad located in terminal 3; Bone Yard located on terminal 4 immediately after the baggage department; and Park and Bark which is at the Economy parking lot. The Sky Harbor has different parking options including terminal 3 parking, West economy parking, East economy, and valet parking. You will part with approximately $34 as a parking fee for valet parking while you will part with approximately $4 per day for all other types of parking. Special parking spaces are also available and they are free of charge. For nursing mothers, Sky Harbor Airport (PHX) offers nursing stations that are located at Terminals 3 and 4. Each room features a sink, baby changing station, soap and paper towel dispensers, electric outlets, and comfortable seating. In addition to the nursing rooms, the airport offers Mamava nursing pods located near Gate 22 and at Checkpoint D after security. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl to Seattle/Tacoma Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Sky Harbor Intl to Seattle/Tacoma Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +12 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +11 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +11 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more 10 11 Friday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +11 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +11 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Search Flights Monday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +11 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +11 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +10 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +12 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +13 more 11 12 Friday Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +9 more Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Saturday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +12 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more 11 12 Sunday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +10 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Sky Harbor Intl to Seattle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Phoenix to Seattle. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Sky Harbor Intl to Seattle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 78entertainment 85overall 88crew 79food 82comfort 85boarding Airline reviews Why doesn't the back of the plane board 1st? If u have a seat assign., why board the front 1st so they clog the aisles. On this flight, I did not have a seat assign. I got the last row. During taxiing, takeoff & early flight, the flight attendants sat in the back having a coffee klatch. Very annoying! 😡 They did not ck for seatbelts or seat backs upright which the person in front of me had reclined immediately b4 takeoff. A very poor impression! 👎👎Read more about Alaska Airlines Why doesn't the back of the plane board 1st? If u have a seat assign., why board the front 1st so they clog the aisles. On this flight, I did not have a seat assign. I got the last row. During taxiing, takeoff & early flight, the flight attendants sat in the back having a coffee klatch. Very annoying! 😡 They did not ck for seatbelts or seat backs upright which the person in front of me had reclined immediately b4 takeoff. A very poor impression! 👎👎 Cons: "Didnt have entertainment on app on the flight from Seattle to Spokane" Cons: "No seat choice before flight unless I wanted to upgrade. Flight was delayed twice before boarding without any reason given - I was only looking at the information on the app" Cons: "Alaska started our flight and all the chaos begun. I can’t remember the name of the agent but I have two little kids that I drag around d because she messed up our flight. I was really really upset of what happen." Cons: "Paying an extra 200.00 dollar to keep my flight because your booking system failed to make my reservation with my airline." Pros: "On time and nice crew." Cons: "Was told there was free entertainment in flight but was not true." Pros: "All staff were professional and efficient. I liked how fast it was getting my bag checked." Cons: "Didn't care for the net pockets on seat in front of me, my stuff fell out. Guy next to me was really rude and kept bumping me and talking really loud." Pros: "Landing" Cons: "Well besides spending a good amount of money. 7 hour delay because the plane was busted. Ruined not just my night but everyone else who flew southwest I was supposed to meet up with. Supposed to arrive at 7. Had to take a uber because it’s now 3am. First and last time EVER fly with them" Pros: "The quality of the aircraft, staff, service and food was excellent." Pros: "Always felt safe. Crew was friendly." Cons: "The Gogo app would not play movies. I even deleted and downloaded again and nothing. Made for a long flight. The air was was turned down so low I couldn’t feel it or provide fresh air to counter the offensive body oder of the person next to me. My vent was fully open. Flight delayed." Cons: "Crew was abrasive and put off by people asking for service. Monitors had to be rebooted 3 times. Ran out of water and snacks." Pros: "Flight was good and crew were good. Nothing very outstanding but by no means a terrible flight." Cons: "The in flight screens weren't working well." Pros: "Good flight as always with Delta. Sat in economy comfort, so of course the seats was comfortable. Flight Attendants were great." Pros: "Pilot was super nice and informative when the flight was delayed." Cons: "I checked two bags and paid for them. The flight was full. I dutifully got in line for zone two. Next thing you know, at least 25 people got to board early and have free bag check. Really? I should get $35 dollar refund." Cons: "The flight was 2.5 hours late making me miss my connecting flight and I didn’t receive a refund for the comfort seats I paid for but didn’t get." Cons: "Was not allowed to check in even tho flight was delayed. Horrible!" Cons: "My friend and I was switched to an even worse seating when boarding. Very uncomfortable especially for my friend since he had crutches." Pros: "Entertainment on the flight was fantastic." Cons: "Delta really struggles with trying to get everyone in the plane in an orderly fashion. Window seats must climb over all of the aisle passengers that got on before." Pros: "Was able to sleep for once. Nobody in center seat." Cons: "Crying babies" Pros: "Nice crew" Cons: "Smallest seats I’ve ever been in. Late departure because they forgot the plane’s security check in-between flights. Drinks served but no snacks." Pros: "Check in was fast, didnt interact with any staff! It was great." Pros: "Very comfy, roomy seats. Helpful, welcoming staff. Great take-off and landing—very smooth." Cons: "It would be nice to have TV’s in the seats for longer flights." Pros: "Both of my flights boarded and left a little early. This is so rare and minimizes stress." Cons: "There were no snacks available" Pros: "Nice staff and plane. Loved the USB outlets for every seat." Cons: "Boarding time was slightly late" Cons: "There wasn’t a selection for “not applicable” so I gave low stars where the item didn’t exist I.e. entertainment." Pros: "Good value for the price." Cons: "the crew did not announce where baggage pick-up was, so all of us had to race around trying to find it. The airport staff didn't know either." Pros: "Everything" Cons: "I didn’t get an email the day before to check in?" Cons: "Having to pay for carry-on luggage! I have a CPAP and have to carry it on. NOT cool Sun Country. Your cheap fare just went off the chart." Pros: "Non stop flights the only plus" Cons: "Boarding staff was totally rude and unprofessional I will never fly sun county again!" Cons: "Nothing--everything was great--perhaps the best service I've ever received." Cons: "They already know they will have a delay but they don’t act before happen" Pros: "Nothing. I missed this flight because of a delay of my flight on Friday." Pros: "nice entertainment when you use the AA app." Cons: "Unbelievable turbulent and bumpy ride. Not AA's fault but the question was "how was the trip?" It was a white-knuckle ride." Cons: "I paid extra for an emergency exit seat. The seats in the row were visibly different from ones nearby -- the seat padding was gone (felt like I was sitting on a board) and the seat bottoms slanted down producing a feeling of sliding out of the seat." Pros: "The attendant in first class was really good at his job. The rest seemed a bit lost" Cons: "The food. The "lasagna" looked and tasted like it came from chef boyardee can" Pros: "All the service was good" Cons: "I am handicapped and there was no attendance at the gate once I arrive in Honolulu, no wheelchair assist to help me to the baggage terminal." Pros: "Other passengers" Cons: "It was terribly hot and the attendants didn’t serve us regularly. The skipped us when we wanted cold water:" Pros: "Not much here. The seats were ok, but the rest of the flight the airline was just poor." Cons: "The airline is so outdated and behind the times of their competitors, their in that they don't have in flight entertainment unless you download their app and give them your email address. On top of that when I originally booked my flights, I had made sure to have 1.5 hr for a layover between my connecting flights. Well, they decided to move up my connector such that I had 25 minutes to run across 2 terminals. They only give you pretzels on the plane, and a single soda drink. They offer you "food bundles" but why do I want to pay $8 for a sandwich that costs $1 to make." Cons: "I had to stand on stairs while crew served drinks! Windy on stairs. Unacceptable! I felt like a second class customer!" Pros: "The crew was friendly but because of 5 flight delays we missed our connections in Amsterdam and got stuck in Houston for the night." Cons: "The crew was friendly but because of 5 flight delays we missed our connection to Amsterdam and got stuck in Houston for the night. Because of this we were forced to pay for a hotel in Houston. I believe that we should have received some type of voucher for the huge inconvenience and waste of money" Cons: "It's a 6 hour flight and not even a sandwich? Food on boeard is for sale. Same with movies or TV shows." Cons: "My seat had garbage on the seat, on the floor and in the front pocket" Pros: "Overall the flight process was fine." Cons: "Kayak is not transparent enough about highlighting which flights are low cost flights during purchasing. I thought I was purchasing a regular fare where I could bring a normal carry-on onto the flight, but this was a low cost flight and I had to check my bag. This information was not disclosed until after payment, and I believe this is dishonest on the part of Kayak. Kayak needs to be much more upfront about the details of the flights so that we passengers can select flights according to their needs. I felt deceived by the fare and would have purchased a different flight if I would have known ahead of time." Cons: "I don't think I will be choosing to fly with United going forward. The staff at the desks were rude and very short. I had a layover in Chicago and did not receive any notification that my flight was cancelled due to maintenance. I went to each desk to try and find an associate and no one was available to help the several individuals wondering how to get switched to a new flight. All of us were just given a phone number to call. Once I found someone thy told me that there was no seats available on any of the flights. They found one seat on a plane that was going to laguardia instead of my destination of Newark and then proceeded to tell me that my bags will still go to Newark and it was my job to make sure I filed to get them. (Same thing happened the last time I flew with United) I'm very disappointed all together with how I was treated as a customer." Pros: "My morning started by finding out my flight was delayed an hour and I was in an immediate panic that I would not make my connection. An hour turned to 1.5 and I was sure I would miss my best friend's wedding. The flight attendants were put in a horrible position - a flight full of delayed pasangers and they had nothing to do with it. The attendants and pilot were SO accomodating and empathetic and assured me they were in a good position to make up time. Between your staff and the free directTV and the fact that I made my flight with 5 minutes to spare....my trip was saved!" Cons: "Could have lived without the 1.5 hour delay...but it happens." Cons: "Our flight was delayed by more than 3 hours. We had to take another flight." Cons: "This flight was delayed for 1.5 hours which was not nice and it was a six hour flight and only could receive pretzels without paying for food." Pros: "Crew was gracious, helpful, and courteous during a terrible and disruptive ordeal for passengers" Cons: "Being stuck for nearly an hour sweating on a plane with no AC while mechanics were trouble shooting, only to find out that we had to exit the plane, and that it could not fly. Passengers had no idea what to do - whether another plane would be sent for us, whether United would reimburse our ticket if we arranged another flight on our own, etc. We were left to fend for ourselves. I had a wedding to get to with many pre-wedding events, starting this evening. So, I looked for another flight, found one, booked it, and went to United customer service to request reimbursement for my ticket. I was told that United had just learned that another plane was coming for us and would arrive in 30 minutes, at 8:10. (My original flight had been at 6:35). The other flight I had booked was at 10:30 pm. So, United customer service changed canceled my new booking and put me back to my original flight, now arriving at 8:10 and boarding at 8:50. The plane did arrive, but we did not board until 10:50 pm. My flight left at 11:02 pm. Bottom line is that my flight was delayed 4.5 hours. I missed an important event that I was supposed to host. I missed my only opportunity to see a dear friend (and guest of honor) - this is someone I have not seen in person for ten years and was the guest of honor at tonight's celebration that I was supposed to host and missed. Furthermire, I could not carry on a bag that I have carried on for years, and that would have easiky fit. Having to check my bag left me without my phone charger. Of course, the fact that we were 4.5 hours delayed meant that I ran out of power shortly into our long flight from Washington. to Seattle. And the food was awful - stale nuts, . ;, b:;" Pros: "Like other airlines, United is charging more fees for seats to food. And the food they sell is bad. The breakfast was microwaved to horification. Why are airlines permited to give such low levels of service? Why are they allowed to charge extra fees for ordinary seats? And no complimentary entertainment. All that NOTHING" service and for very high fees.I got suckered into paying a lot extra for premium Economy. The Premium was the extra money they stole. The Economy was the new definition of bare bones." Cons: "There was nothing to like about the flight." Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Phoenix to Seattle Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Phoenix to Seattle found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/9Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 10mPHX-SEA $29 Search 1/16Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 10mPHX-SEA $30 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 5h 48mPHX-SEA $33 Search 1/24Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 9h 38mPHX-SEA $34 Search 2/13Tue nonstopDelta 3h 19mPHX-SEA $69 Search 12/20Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 3h 15mPHX-SEA $89 Search 12/23Sat nonstopDelta 3h 17mPHX-SEA $119 Search 12/21Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 3h 15mPHX-SEA $129 Search 12/8Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 03mPHX-SEA $140 Search 1/8Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 20mPHX-SEA $180 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaAlaska AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$90 or less$130 or less$180 or less Last minute flights from Sky Harbor Intl to Seattle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Phoenix to Seattle that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stop 13h 26mPHX-SEA 12/12Tue multi-stop 8h 59mSEA-PHX $145 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 04mPHX-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 24mSEA-PHX $156 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopFrontier 18h 45mPHX-SEA 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 54mSEA-PHX $166 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 19h 33mPHX-SEA 12/12Tue multi-stopFrontier 18h 12mSEA-PHX $168 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 3h 18mPHX-SEA 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 2h 49mSEA-PHX $260 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 3h 11mPHX-SEA 12/2Sat multi-stopAlaska Airlines 6h 29mSEA-PHX $488 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 6h 03mPHX-SEA 12/12Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 54mSEA-PHX $539 Search 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 3h 15mPHX-SEA 12/8Fri nonstopDelta 2h 50mSEA-PHX $569 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 39mPHX-SEA 12/17Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 11h 09mSEA-PHX $1,011 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 34mPHX-SEA 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 47mSEA-PHX $1,040 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAlaska AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$160 or less$170 or less$490 or less$570 or less$1,040 or less Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport - Seattle Flights Departure: Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport (PHX)United States Destination: Seattle (SEA)United States Return flight deals: Seattle - Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport Cabin classes: $498 First Class flights to Seattle $498 Business Class flights to Seattle $389 Prem Econ Class flights to Seattle $40 Economy Class flights to Seattle Browse origins: Flights » United States » Arizona » Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport $65Flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Seattle Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Washington » Seattle $65Flights to Seattle, Seattle Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Honolulu Flights to Minneapolis Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Seattle flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Seattle from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Seattle from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.