Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to Halifax from C$ 64 | (YYZ - YHZ) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYZ - YHZ Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax from C$ 64 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 28/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Halifax These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Halifax. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Halifax. How much is the cheapest flight from Pearson Intl to Halifax?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pearson Intl to Halifax that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:50 a.m. - 11:02 a.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 12mdirect 6:10 p.m. - 7:44 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 34mdirect C$ 90Lynx Air Find Deal Wed, 6 Mar - Mon, 11 Mar 1:50 p.m. - 5:02 p.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 12mdirect 5:45 p.m. - 7:22 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 37mdirect C$ 91Lynx Air Find Deal Fri, 12 Apr - Mon, 15 Apr 5:30 p.m. - 8:55 p.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 25mdirect 11:40 a.m. - 1:17 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 37mdirect C$ 94 Find Deal Thu, 25 Apr - Tue, 30 Apr 5:30 p.m. - 8:55 p.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 25mdirect 11:40 a.m. - 1:17 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 37mdirect C$ 113 Find Deal Sat, 4 May - Sun, 18 Aug 1:40 p.m. - 4:55 p.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 15mdirect 10:45 p.m. - 12:10 a.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 25mdirect C$ 150Flair Airlines Find Deal Thu, 16 May - Tue, 21 May 1:40 p.m. - 4:55 p.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 15mdirect 10:45 p.m. - 12:10 a.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 25mdirect C$ 151Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 10 May - Wed, 15 May 6:25 a.m. - 9:32 a.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 07mdirect 6:55 p.m. - 8:37 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 42mdirect C$ 211Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Sat, 13 Jan 6:25 a.m. - 9:32 a.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 07mdirect 6:15 a.m. - 9:46 a.m.YHZ-YYZ 4h 31m1 stop C$ 225Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 13 Jan - Sun, 14 Jan 11:45 a.m. - 2:52 p.m.YYZ-YHZ 2h 07mdirect 5:05 p.m. - 10:56 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 6h 51m1 stop C$ 235Porter Airlines Find Deal Wed, 24 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 5:00 p.m. - 10:41 p.m.YYZ-YHZ 4h 41m1 stop 4:15 p.m. - 5:55 p.m.YHZ-YYZ 2h 40mdirect C$ 243Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Mon, 15 Jan Show more results Flights from Pearson Intl to Halifax - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pearson Intl to Halifax to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Halifax? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Halifax, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Halifax is January, where tickets cost C$ 144 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are August and December, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 286 and C$ 286 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Halifax? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Halifax, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Halifax, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 65 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Lynx Air (C$ 64) and Flair Airlines (C$ 79). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Lynx Air (C$ 122) and Flair Airlines (C$ 204). Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Halifax? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Halifax. There are 5 airlines that fly direct from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Halifax. They are: Air Canada, Flair Airlines, Lynx Air, Porter Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 97. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Lynx Air. How many flights are there between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Halifax per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 13 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and land in Halifax, with an average flight time of 2h 07m. The most common departure time is 2:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 75 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Halifax? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax take? Direct flights take on average 2h 04m to travel the 2,070 km between Toronto Pearson Airport and Halifax. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 6:25 am and will be landing in Halifax at 9:32 am. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Halifax jets off at 10:20 pm and lands at 1:27 am. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 64 Best time to beat the crowds (3% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (31% more expensive on average) Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax When to book flights from Pearson Intl to Halifax Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pearson Intl to Halifax based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax flights Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Toronto Pearson Airport and Halifax, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax? There are direct flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to Halifax, Porter Airlines or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to Halifax are Porter Airlines and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 382 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 395 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Halifax from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Halifax with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Halifax? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Halifax from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to Halifax Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 109 or less one-way and C$ 168 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Pearson Intl to Halifax Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Pearson Intl to Halifax Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Pearson Intl to Halifax Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +18 more Air Canada,Air France, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +16 more Air Canada,Air France, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +16 more Air Canada,Air France, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +16 more Air Canada,Air France, +17 more 15 16 Friday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +17 more Air Canada,Air France, +18 more 16 17 Saturday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +17 more Air Canada,Air France, +18 more 16 17 Sunday Air Canada,Air France,Air Transat, +17 more Air Canada,Air France, +18 more 16 17 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Halifax Intl to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +17 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Tuesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +18 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Thursday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +17 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Saturday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +18 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Sunday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air Transat, +18 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to Halifax See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Halifax. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to Halifax? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 80overall 71food 84crew 81boarding 77comfort 70entertainment Airline reviews Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good."Read more about WestJet Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good." Pros: "Excellent pre Boarding service and announcements; reasonably comfortable seats; great landing;" Cons: "There are never gluten free options in the snacks; there were no entertainment systems on the plane - that's not important to me but perhaps it is to others." Cons: "There was an almost 4 hour delay that WestJet is taking no responsibility for, and their online chat agents lack any compassion or understanding. Also received an email saying the aircraft changed and there would be a seatback flight entertainment system but there wasn't." Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable because of the head rest that is attached to the seat. However the staff and crew were friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better seats" Pros: "Roomie seat. Professional curdious crew. Fast smooth flight. Westjet connect access for entertainment." Pros: "Newest 787 plane in the fleet. Really comfortable seats and terrific in-flight entertainment" Cons: "The entire plane smelt like the washroom, and a mix of engine fuel. I wasn't extremely thrilled about that." Pros: "Nice plane, comfortable" Cons: "We missed our runway and had to quickly ascend and retry. Disembarking the plane took 40 minutes due to the YYC skywalk being frozen. During this all communication with the passengers was minimal." Pros: "The staff on board made us completely forget we just experienced a terrible 6 hour experience in the hands of westjet from punta cana. The airport staff and security were efficient and all friendly. Helped us every step of the way. But again, a big thank you to the 4 flight attendants on the ws 254 to Halifax. Made our crappy day much better simply by being a friendly and happy face." Cons: "Didnt like having to connect but understand that was to my own booking." Cons: "My returning flights were not correct. I ended up having 2 returning flights back to Halifax which made me have to overnight in Toronto unexpectedly." I had checked in online the day before but was instructed to collect our boarding passes when we arrived. I am not completely comfortable using the automated Kiosks and always enjoy the nostalgia of speaking with someone when checking in for a flight. Upon doing so however, we were immediately asked,"did you check in online already?" To which I replied, "yes, but we were asked to retrieve our boarding passes upon arrival." She then said, "that's what those machines over there are for. We really encourage people to use those." That unfortunately sparked a series of shortness and overall poor behavior in my opinion from the woman who checked us in. I understand it was early in the morning but I am always excited to experience flying and that interaction has unfortunately left a bitter taste in my mouth to the point I will forever now hesitate to book with Porter again. Thank you for taking the time to read this. Cheers, JD Everything was fantastic, by far the best airline experience in Canada 🇨🇦! Unlike our porter connection this was great , smooth 2minutes at check in not 90 mins Food wasn’t great but it’s plane food , staff were great Cons: "I was ripped of by baggage check!! They sold my a basic fare, which is 20 less than standard, but never told me I had to check my back which cost 40! Ended up costing me more!! I was furious" Pros: "Great and helpful crew" Cons: "Porter airlines mechanical failure caused 13 passengers to miss connection to DC" Cons: "The 4pm flight not leaving at 10pm. Or at least being informed that the flight was gonna be delayed before 3 pm" Pros: "Really like the wine and chips included." Cons: "No entertainment options, but not a big deal considering how short all their routes are." Pros: "Very friendly crew, we were a bit delayed but they dealt with us as quickly and politely as possible." Cons: "A better idea of what was happening when the plane had to be delayed-we all lined up, then they got notice that we couldn't leave yet." Pros: "All ok. Pilots did a great job landing in heavy winds and low temps. Bravo" Cons: "Left late. Are later. No big problem" Pros: "It is a great experience. No delays, Complementary offers . Easiest checking out from the plane and the airport I’ve ever seen in my life" Cons: "Carry on luggage place in the plane was too small. But they took and I easily got it back from the carrousel free of charge" LAX-YYZ was a horribly old A321. Terrible experience for a premium market. YYZ-YHZ was a new A220 which was MUCH better. But still I find AC miles behind Delta. Pros: "The crew was very nice and helpful" Cons: "I got charged for bags from Fort Lauderdale to Toronto than Toronto to Halifax" Cons: "On the choice of audio entertainment, it uses Stingray which, just like radio broadcast for each category with no choice of album for personal preference, kind of disappointed. I like the previous menu with album choices." Cons: "The flight was fine, but the aircraft arrived 3 hours late. That’s a long wait." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I didn’t like anything about this flight, except that we arrived safely. I had the last seat, next to the toilet, and that container or whatever it is, was dirty. Every time someone flushed, I was bathed in the smell of urine. It was raining in Toronto; consequently, my checked bag was wet through. I’m glad I was coming home rather than arriving at a vacation destination, where all my stuff would’ve been wet. I’d like to see some effort put into keeping my bag dry. Also, the passengers had to slog through the rain to get on the plane!" Cons: "I fly 5+ times a year and I always have to take Air Canada. It isn't by choice. There is ALWAYS a delay or something is broken or the inbound plan had an issue etc. It could be a lot worse but it could be a hell of a lot better." Pros: "That we eventually got a flight home." Cons: "Being stuck in Boston and Ottawa for 2 extra days and adding around $1200 on to our trip in hotels alone (I was travelling with 4 kids on a school trip and my wife). Additionally, we didn’t find out the flights were cancelled until we arrived at the airport. Apparently, they had been cancelled 2 hours before but there was no notification. Air Canada offered no help whatsoever and the guy at the “service” desk in Boston literally said there was nothing he could do to help. Not even find a new flight. Spent 90 minutes on the phone trying to re-book, plus re-booking hotel along the way." Pros: "Finding my luggage and sending it to me was the best part of this flight." Cons: "Weather was the issue in Toronto on December 29, 2017. However, We're in Canada, Toronto specifically and we've dealt with weather like this NUMEROUS times. For Air Canada to cancel flights 2 times in a row without any further communications with any of us... To tell us when we'd be rebooked, how, etc. is horrible. I work in the transportation industry which is American based and we can handle this much better than Air Canada. Awful... Wendell/Gate Agent said he couldn't rebook my flight until the 31st, but when I got home I called air Canada and she was able to rebook me on the 30th with no issues. Nonsense. Wendell didn't care, he was tired, yawned in our faces like it was acceptable. Awful service. I'm flying with Air Canada on my way from India in the next couple of weeks I hope I get better service. Otherwise, completion will be my only option." Cons: "Connection was two short when flight was delayed 15 minutes would have missed next flight. Had to change to different later flight ended up getting into St. John at a very difficult time to try and find our way in a new place. Flew direct to St. John." Pros: "There were no issues on this flight. My screen worked and the flight was ok." Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Halifax Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Halifax found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 28/2Wed directLynx Air 2h 25mYYZ-YHZ C$ 47 Search 28/2Wed directLynx Air 2h 25mYYZ-YHZ C$ 51 Search 5/12Tue directFlair Airlines 2h 25mYYZ-YHZ C$ 58 Search 5/12Tue directFlair Airlines 2h 25mYYZ-YHZ C$ 61 Search 8/1Mon directAir Canada 2h 07mYYZ-YHZ C$ 105 Search 11/1Thu directAir Canada 2h 07mYYZ-YHZ C$ 106 Search 11/1Thu directPorter Airlines 2h 07mYYZ-YHZ C$ 111 Search 17/1Wed directPorter Airlines 2h 07mYYZ-YHZ C$ 120 Search 31/1Wed 2 stopsWestJet 20h 25mYYZ-YHZ C$ 220 Search 8/12Fri 2 stopsWestJet 31h 09mYYZ-YHZ C$ 324 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirFlair AirlinesAir CanadaPorter AirlinesWestJet Search by priceC$ 50 or lessC$ 60 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 320 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to Halifax Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Halifax that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue directFlair Airlines 2h 25mYYZ-YHZ 12/12Tue directFlair Airlines 2h 45mYHZ-YYZ C$ 151 Search 2/12Sat directFlair Airlines 2h 25mYYZ-YHZ 9/12Sat directFlair Airlines 2h 45mYHZ-YYZ C$ 160 Search 1/12Fri directLynx Air 2h 21mYYZ-YHZ 8/1Mon directLynx Air 2h 49mYHZ-YYZ C$ 192 Search 3/12Sun directLynx Air 2h 25mYYZ-YHZ 4/12Mon directLynx Air 2h 49mYHZ-YYZ C$ 221 Search 1/12Fri directAir Canada 2h 07mYYZ-YHZ 8/12Fri directAir Canada 2h 42mYHZ-YYZ C$ 289 Search 5/12Tue directPorter Airlines 2h 07mYYZ-YHZ 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 5h 26mYHZ-YYZ C$ 300 Search 4/12Mon directPorter Airlines 2h 07mYYZ-YHZ 6/12Wed multi-stopPorter Airlines 5h 55mYHZ-YYZ C$ 307 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 8h 56mYYZ-YHZ 10/12Sun directAir Canada 2h 42mYHZ-YYZ C$ 415 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 18h 24mYYZ-YHZ 6/12Wed multi-stopWestJet 31h 38mYHZ-YYZ C$ 667 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 18h 24mYYZ-YHZ 6/12Wed multi-stopWestJet 31h 38mYHZ-YYZ C$ 668 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesLynx AirAir CanadaPorter AirlinesWestJet Search by priceC$ 160 or lessC$ 220 or lessC$ 300 or lessC$ 420 or lessC$ 670 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - Halifax Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Destination: Halifax (YHZ)Canada Return flight deals: Halifax - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Halifax Business Class flights to Halifax C$ 117 Prem Econ Class flights to Halifax C$ 103 Economy Class flights to Halifax Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 121Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Halifax Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Nova Scotia » Halifax C$ 121Flights to Halifax, Halifax Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Halifax flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Halifax from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Halifax from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.