Cheap Flights from Baltimore to Miami from $29 | (BWI - MIA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW BWI - MIA Find cheap flights from Baltimore to Miami from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Miami These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Baltimore to Miami. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Baltimore to Miami. How much is the cheapest flight from Baltimore to Miami?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Baltimore to Miami that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:36 pm - 3:36 pmBWI-MIA 3h 00mnonstop 9:00 am - 11:46 amMIA-BWI 2h 46mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Fri, Jan 26 8:00 pm - 10:59 pmBWI-MIA 2h 59mnonstop 9:00 am - 11:46 amMIA-BWI 2h 46mnonstop $59Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sat, Jan 20 5:57 pm - 8:46 pmBWI-MIA 2h 49mnonstop 5:20 am - 7:59 amMIA-BWI 2h 39mnonstop $60Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Tue, Dec 12 8:00 pm - 10:59 pmBWI-MIA 2h 59mnonstop 6:00 am - 8:45 amMIA-BWI 2h 45mnonstop $61Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Fri, Jan 12 8:00 pm - 10:59 pmBWI-MIA 2h 59mnonstop 6:00 am - 8:45 amMIA-BWI 2h 45mnonstop $62Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 17 5:57 pm - 8:46 pmBWI-MIA 2h 49mnonstop 5:20 am - 7:59 amMIA-BWI 2h 39mnonstop $63Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Tue, Jan 9 11:57 am - 3:04 pmBWI-MIA 3h 07mnonstop 8:23 am - 11:07 amMIA-BWI 2h 44mnonstop $64Frontier Find Deal Sun, Feb 25 - Sun, Mar 3 7:40 pm - 10:42 pmBWI-MIA 3h 02mnonstop 3:27 pm - 6:05 pmMIA-BWI 2h 38mnonstop $66 Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Fri, Jan 12 6:25 am - 8:27 pmBWI-MIA 14h 02m1 stop 5:45 am - 11:29 pmMIA-BWI 17h 44m2 stops $101Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Wed, Dec 13 5:57 pm - 8:45 pmBWI-MIA 2h 48mnonstop 5:30 am - 8:06 amMIA-BWI 2h 36mnonstop $102Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Wed, Feb 21 Show more results Flights from Baltimore to Miami - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Baltimore to Miami to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Baltimore to Miami? The average price of all flights from Baltimore to Miami clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Miami on a Tuesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from Baltimore to Miami. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Thursday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Baltimore to Miami? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Baltimore to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Baltimore to Miami is September, where tickets cost $189 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are April and March, where the average cost of tickets is $310 and $304 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Baltimore to Miami? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Baltimore to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Baltimore to Miami, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 84 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Baltimore to Miami? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Frontier offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $29. KAYAK users also found Baltimore to Miami round-trip flights on Frontier from $58 and on Spirit Airlines from $60. Which airlines fly most frequently between Baltimore and Miami? Southwest connects Baltimore to Miami with up to 6 flights per day. American Airlines also offers 1 flight per day, while Spirit Airlines follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Baltimore and Miami? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Baltimore to Miami. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Baltimore to Miami. They are: American Airlines, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $45 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Baltimore and Miami per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 11 nonstop flights that take off from Baltimore and land in Miami, with an average flight time of 2h 46m. The most common departure time is 5:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 62 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Baltimore and Miami? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Baltimore to Miami take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Miami from Baltimore is typically 2h 46m. The journey crosses a distance of 947 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Baltimore to Miami? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Baltimore at 6:00 am and will be landing in Miami at 8:50 am. What’s the latest departure time from Baltimore to Miami? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Baltimore to Miami jets off at 9:33 pm and lands at 12:28 am. Good to know Low season September High season April Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 34% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 20% increase in price. Flight from Baltimore to Miami When to book flights from Baltimore to Miami Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Baltimore to Miami based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Baltimore to Miami Is it possible to find direct flights from Baltimore to Miami? Each day, there are many different direct flights from Baltimore to Miami to choose from. There are a few different airlines that usually service these, which include Spirit and American Airlines. You will also find quite a few flights that require travelers to have a layover, and these are often operated by American Airlines or Frontier. Are there any hotels at Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport? To get a bit of rest before your early flight departs from Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport, you can book a hotel room. The Minute Suites is a micro-hotel that can be found directly inside the airport and offers both hourly and overnight rates. Otherwise, there are a few hotels that are nearby, such as the Aloft BWI Baltimore Washington International Airport and Hilton Baltimore BWI Airport, both of which are less than a 5min drive away. How can I go from Miami International Airport to the city center? If you choose to drive from Miami International Airport to the city center, the trip will normally take you around 25min total. For public transportation, you can take the MIA Mover bus and arrive in downtown Miami in around 45min total, depending on what traffic is like at the time. What parking options are available at Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport? Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport has several different parking options, including hourly and daily options. There is also a long-term parking garage if you will be leaving your car for several days or more. For both long-term and daily parking, a standard 24h rate is usually applied. Do I need a passport to fly between Baltimore and Miami? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Baltimore to Miami. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Baltimore to Miami? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Baltimore to Miami flight route: Delta, American Airlines, JetBlue, Spirit Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Cape Air, and PSA Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Baltimore to Miami? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Baltimore to Miami flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Baltimore to Miami? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between Baltimore and Miami. On which days can I fly direct from Baltimore to Miami? There are nonstop flights from Baltimore to Miami on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Baltimore to Miami, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Baltimore to Miami are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $381 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $430 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Baltimore to Miami? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Baltimore to Miami. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Baltimore to Miami? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Miami from Baltimore is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Baltimore to Miami? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Miami with an airline and back to Baltimore with another airline. Booking your flights between Baltimore and MIA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Baltimore to Miami? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Miami from Baltimore up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from BWI to Miami Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $44 or less one-way and $103 or less round-trip. As Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI) is one of the primary bases for Southwest Airlines, you will find that this company services many flights that depart from this transport hub, including flights to Miami. If you’re traveling with small children and need somewhere comfortable and private to nurse, look for one of the MIAmamas suites at Miami International Airport (MIA). Each of these suites is equipped with a folding table, power outlets, benches, and a door lock. Travelers that have some time to kill before their flight departs from Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport may want to purchase a pass for the Club BWI. This lounge is available to passengers of all airlines and can be found in Concourse D, just near gate D10. Those that are traveling with a furry friend will probably want to let them relieve themselves and stretch their legs after a long flight to Miami International Airport. You can find both open and fenced-in pet relief areas, which are placed outside of each of the three terminals on the Arrivals level. To fit in a workout before being cooped up on a plane for several hours, head to Roam Fitness in Concourse D of Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. This gym has daily rates and provides guests with access to workout gear, running shoes, toiletries, towels, and shower facilities. You can also pay a bit extra to receive water and snacks. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Baltimore/Washington to Miami? Find which airlines fly direct from Baltimore/Washington to Miami, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Baltimore/Washington to Miami Search Flights Monday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +2 more American Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +2 more American Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +3 more American Airlines, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 Thursday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +2 more American Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Friday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +3 more American Airlines, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 Saturday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +2 more American Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Sunday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +3 more American Airlines, Frontier, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Miami to Baltimore/Washington Search Flights Monday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +2 more American Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +2 more American Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +2 more American Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Thursday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +2 more American Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Friday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +2 more American Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Saturday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +2 more American Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 Sunday American Airlines, Frontier, Qatar Airways, +2 more American Airlines, Frontier, +3 more 1 2 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 4 airlines serving from Baltimore to Miami See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Baltimore to Miami. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Baltimore to Miami? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29954 reviews 75food 78entertainment 78comfort 81overall 85crew 81boarding Airline reviews Cons: "The crew was overly aggressive with mask policy enforcement. They patrolled the aisles and routine pointed at passengers directing them in a hostile manner to keep their masks on their faces, even when they were trying to eat or drink. They also threatened customers by stating it was a federal law several times. It was very uncomfortable to say the least. I will not fly delta again by choice."Read more about Delta Cons: "The crew was overly aggressive with mask policy enforcement. They patrolled the aisles and routine pointed at passengers directing them in a hostile manner to keep their masks on their faces, even when they were trying to eat or drink. They also threatened customers by stating it was a federal law several times. It was very uncomfortable to say the least. I will not fly delta again by choice." Pros: "Seat was comfortable, boarding was good" Cons: "WiFi didn’t work, my tv didn’t work either" Cons: "Nothing, really. Airlines unfortunately can’t make people patient or polite, & I can’t afford a private jet, so I’ll have to settle for an eye roll or twelve." Pros: "Comfort and service was great." Cons: "The severe delays was frustrating and not getting enough information about it." Cons: "The overhead didn’t fit my standard and I ask the gate attendant and she assured me or would. Otherwise excellent game" Pros: "Quickly boarded and took off as well. It was a really smooth flight!" Pros: "My first perfect Delta flight. No issues. No delays. Excellent customer service. What more could you ask for" Cons: "No problems" Cons: "When my flight with American Airlines cancelled, I felt so panicked because I needed to be in Florida on Saturday night. But thankfully, lady who works for American Airlines solved my problem on the phone in couple of minutes easily. After that, when we were boarding to the aircraft, there was a cabin attendant lady. She came to us and ask me and my mother if we can talk English.I answered her with yes we can, but she demands to talk with my mother. And English is not her native language, but it doesn't prove that she doesn't know it. She tried to ask questions to her like, "where were you today?" so we couldn't really understand the reason for her to ask those questions in the first place. So we couldn't really say anything. While we were talking about my mother's English, the all aircraft was watching us, and trying to figure out what was going on. After all, she made us to sit there and wait her to replace us with other passengers. We waited the whole aircraft to be seated, then she took us to another seat with my mother. I can understand that it is her job but I'm not sure, if it had to be that much discomfort. We got pretty upset about it and it affects our flight quality. Plus, while cabin crew serving beverages, they didn't really ask us anything. We needed to call them for our order. To be honest, I would never flight with Delta. It was a disappointment." Pros: "The service and the seats" Cons: "We spent more time than scheduled waiting to take off" Pros: "Flights were on time boarding was easy. 2nd crew from ATLANTA was friendly." Cons: "The foldable snack tray was broken on the flight to ATL." Pros: "The crew onboard was fantastic. The food was pretty good as well" Cons: "Seat are extremely uncomfortable they are too small" Pros: "MIA to EZE we got the priority seats and it was worth the extra expense." Cons: "Honoring paid reservations. Our flight was cancelled and rescheduled 4 times within the last few days. Communication. No one emailed me or called me to give me options or to even tell me they were kicking me out" Cons: "When I made the reservation the code indicated that we would be able to purchase food on the flight. When I asked, the flight attendant said, nope, only choice is a pack of two cookies. We were starving on the 3.5 hour flight." Pros: "Very helpful crew." Cons: "Too often the video screen I’m given doesn’t charge up and it has to be replaced mid flight. This happened again during this flight when 2 screens didn’t charge and had to be replaced before the movie ended. The crew was helpful, but this problem is annoying." Pros: "The only good thing on that plane was the crew. We where grounded in board for three hours because of a water leak in the kitchen... My seat had a hole were the ashtray used to be filled with garbage, the tray was filthy when I pulled it open, the overhead light didn't work" Pros: "It was ok. Got there safe and sound. That's what counts." Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Great service and on time flight. Got a good comfortable seat with nice leg room." Pros: "Comfort on board, entertainment system" Cons: "Older plane than on the way to Paris, did not like so much the food (except main course)" Cons: "Tecnical problems dellay no good american arlines i dont recomended" Pros: "Hostesses were great. And pilot landed safely" Cons: "Stayed too long on the jet way. No available gate" Pros: "Nothing, 2 hrs delay waiting for a crew member and plane was ~25% full, no snacks or beverages" Pros: "The only thing I liked was that Frontier didn't wait until the last minute to tell us the flight was delayed (twice)" Cons: "Everything else. There was no food. The seats did not recline (confirmed by flight attendant), no entertainment, baggage claim took over 45 minutes. The tickets were not that cheap, especially after being nickel-and-dimed for every little thing. But for zero amenities I would hope they would at leas" Cons: "3 hours delay made me miss the next flight from MIA - GIG. I had to then spend the entire day at the airport with no accomodations provided. Terrible costumer service." Pros: "On time" Cons: "Extremely high charge for carry-on baggage, extremely high charge for changing flight times, no beverage service, seats are very small with no iPhone charger available." Cons: "I don't like the seats, they have no cushion and they don't recline. Plus the tray table is super small. Also you pay for all drinks. Another thing the pressure is horrible in these planes. It seems they try to cut down on cost so the cabin is not pressurized right to reduced your ears from getting the over pressure from the ascend and descent of the plane." Cons: "No snacks , no even water in an almost 4 hr flight . The flight tenders can be a little rude . Really uncomfortable travel . I won’t use Frontier anymore , first time I flight with Frontier, thanks for the experience, never again . They should make an effort for a better customer service" Pros: "Quick flight." Cons: "The seats don't go back, but you get what you pay for last minute." Pros: "Nothing really after paying $45 and l have to pay another $45 to go back to Cincinnati" Cons: "Too much luggage fee $45 is too much" Pros: "Price Comfort You can pack a backpack for a short trip and not pay baggage fees. Haven't had a delay in a long while. No cancelled flights since flying with them Boarding is typically fast and we typically arrive 15-30min early" Cons: "Crew is hit or miss Price of onboard snacks is ridiculous" Pros: "They charge you for everything nothing is complimentary . The seats are super uncomfortable. No tvs can't recline. They want you to think your saving So much because the ticket is cheap but they end up charging you for literally everything else. They charge you for everything nothing is complimentary . The seats are super uncomfortable. No tvs can't recline. They want you to think your saving So much because the ticket is cheap but they end up charging you for literally everything else." Cons: "They charge you for everything nothing is complimentary . The seats are super uncomfortable. No tvs can't recline. They want you to think your saving So much because the ticket is cheap but they end up charging you for literally everything else. Not worth it at all!!!" Pros: "Literally nothing." Cons: "I was told my flight was delayed at 3:40am the morning of my 11:00am flight. My flight was delayed 3 different times. I live far from the airport I flew out of so this was a large inconvenience. We were never even told why the flight was being delayed. My entire 5 hour stay at the airport we were never updated once on the staus of our flight. I was also charged over $100 for just my bags and my seat. $45 for a carry on bag is ridiculous. I paid more for my seat and bag than I did for my actual ticket. Paying $13 to sit in the very last row is stupid. I will never be flying with Spirit ever again. Legitimate robbery. The website and app were also slow and hard to operate." Pros: "If you’re traveling light and you understand their fees, it’s easily the cheapest flight you can get. Maybe not the best airline for all your travel needs, but awesome for a quick weekend." Cons: "Delays and more delays. 3.5 hours delay boarding. Had us get on plane after first delay, then announced there was no crew and we had to get back off. Nothing is included. Carry on $55, soda or juice $3. Not comfortable. The plane sounded like it was about to fall apart when we landed. Worried for my flight home." Pros: "The price" Cons: "I went to check in and the kiosk wasn’t working for anyone!! But they wouldn’t let you get agent assistance without going to the kiosk first. There were only 2 agents working behind the counter, and 3 walking around. The 3 walking around wouldn’t answer any questions. I was supposed to be tsa-pre check. it said it in the system but wouldn’t print on my ticket. She didn’t try very hard and told me to just explain it to the tsa agent. Riiiight, like they would believe me! They didn’t. The crew on the plane were fine. The seats are horribly uncomfortable, but again you get what you pay for." Cons: "Dirty Seat doesn’t recline Seat doesn’t have head support on sides No movies No phone charger Small food tray Poor food choice No free water" Cons: "The seats are super cramped. It would be been nice to at least get some water for free." Pros: "The fact we didn't sit on the plane for an hour after boarding on time so they can kick people off the plane for over booking like they did on the way back." Cons: "I got an email at 8am saying my flight could be delayed but should show up on time. My flight was at 4:55pm so great start there. So I show up an hour and a half ahead of boarding, which is on the latter side for me. Security lines weren't very long, they just took their time which wasted everyone else's. I get through that line, look at the departure board - wait IT'S ON TIME?! They start boarding soon if it's on time and it's a further gate so I run down there and guess what? Delayed an hour. Okay, that's fine. Go grab something to eat, come back, settle in for a little bit, board - on my sweet way. Go grab some food quickly, come back - another hour delay? What the heck? I must've missed an announcement. Guess I should plug in my phone for the wait, I expected to meet some friends and potential clients layer that night, communication is key. I misplaced my charger, no big deal just went and got one of those power rods (highly recommend) and come back - ANOTHER HOUR?! That's pretty insane. One of my friends flying from Dallas that departed at 7:30 could be up in the air before I am. Step aside, give him a call to update, call potential clients letting them know I will be delayed getting there. No issue. Turn around - my goodness well what do you know, another hour! At this rate I call my hotel, because I can't lose my reservation if I can't check in on time. Hotel was the waterfront crowne plaza (another highly recommended item in this review by me). I plant in my seat, set my roots, meet a few nice people. Figuring I'd kill some time by meeting some great people. Met a family from Detroit and got some awesome food recommendations. Randomly over the speaker - we have another delay - another HOUR delay. Well this is just turning into a horror story, will I ever get there? Should I request a new flight? My buddy in Dallas departed 3+ hours after I was supposed to, and was up in the air already (he landed before me too). At this rate I cancel my meeting. We board, we take off, we land. Woman sitting next to me was nice. Plane didn't crash. Just landed in Detroit about 7+ hours later than expected. All in all, don't take spirit. Looking at prices they are the cheapest, not by a huge margin though. Pay the extra 70 or so dollars to take another airline. Even if it's $150 dollars more, take the other airline. They want to charge you 65 dollars for a carry-on. Their website was created by a 12 year old. Simply getting your boarding pass includes cross and up sells that make the process 10x more frustrating, especially when you know what you're dealing with on the second flight back. (By the way spirit if you can read this I'm a consultant for advertising, digital media, and UI for e-commerce - I can help you with your terrible website and the offers that come along with it) Just take the other airline, any other. It won't save you money most likely, but it will save you a lot of headaches, time, and embarrassment." Cons: "Someone from flight network called me the day before my trip asking for personal information. I hung up on him." Cons: "It cost us over $200 extra to take carry ons. I didn't read this in the fine print. $59 each carry on! Each way!" Cons: "The customer service representatives were extremely unhelpful and showed zero interest in assisting with customer request. I will never fly with Spirit Airlines again" Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Baltimore to Miami Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Baltimore to Miami found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 52mBWI-MIA $29 Search 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 52mBWI-MIA $30 Search 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 49mBWI-MIA $31 Search 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 49mBWI-MIA $32 Search 12/9Sat 1 stop 7h 29mBWI-MIA $61 Search 1/18Thu 1 stop 14h 12mBWI-MIA $71 Search 2/15Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 53mBWI-MIA $75 Search 3/6Wed 1 stopDelta 5h 37mBWI-MIA $99 Search 3/11Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 46mBWI-MIA $161 Search 12/19Tue 1 stopDelta 5h 20mBWI-MIA $184 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$70 or less$100 or less$180 or less Last minute flights from Baltimore to Miami Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Baltimore to Miami that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 49mBWI-MIA 12/7Thu multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 14mMIA-BWI $65 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 53mBWI-MIA 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 53mMIA-BWI $68 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 49mBWI-MIA 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 39mMIA-BWI $70 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 49mBWI-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 39mMIA-BWI $72 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 53mBWI-MIA 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 51mMIA-BWI $73 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 49mBWI-MIA 12/9Sat multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 13mMIA-BWI $75 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 49mBWI-MIA 12/7Thu multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 14mMIA-BWI $76 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 53mBWI-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 53mMIA-BWI $78 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 49mBWI-MIA 12/8Fri nonstop 2h 53mMIA-BWI $83 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 53mBWI-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 53mMIA-BWI $84 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontier Search by price$70 or less$70 or less$80 or less$80 or less$80 or less Baltimore - Miami Flights Departure: Baltimore (BWI)United States Destination: Miami (MIA)United States Return flight deals: Miami - Baltimore Cabin classes: $917 First Class flights to Miami $1,006 Business Class flights to Miami $891 Prem Econ Class flights to Miami $40 Economy Class flights to Miami Browse origins: Flights » United States » Maryland » Baltimore $56Flights from Baltimore to Miami Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Miami $56Flights to Miami, Miami Compare transportation modes for Baltimore to Miami Average price Average duration Flights $975 2h 46m Trains $311 24h 51m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Miami flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Miami from Baltimore. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Miami from Baltimore. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.