Cheap Flights from Seattle to Paris from $272 | (SEA - PAR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SEA - PAR Find cheap flights from Seattle to Paris from $272 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/27. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from Seattle to Paris?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Seattle to Paris that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 2:35 pm - 12:00 pmSEA-CDG 12h 25m1 stop 1:00 pm - 5:00 pmCDG-SEA 13h 00m1 stop $431Icelandair Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Mon, Jan 22 6:55 pm - 1:05 pmSEA-CDG 33h 10m1 stop 2:05 pm - 5:40 pmCDG-SEA 12h 35m1 stop $433Icelandair Find Deal Fri, Apr 19 - Sun, Apr 28 12:50 pm - 8:15 amSEA-CDG 10h 25mnonstop 10:30 am - 12:20 pmCDG-SEA 10h 50mnonstop $586Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Thu, Jan 25 4:15 pm - 1:50 pmSEA-CDG 12h 35m1 stop 10:30 am - 12:25 pmCDG-SEA 10h 55mnonstop $589Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Feb 8 7:40 am - 2:05 pmSEA-CDG 21h 25m2 stops 7:15 am - 11:25 amCDG-SEA 13h 10m1 stop $599British Airways Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Feb 6 11:55 am - 10:35 amSEA-CDG 13h 40m1 stop 9:30 am - 11:53 pmCDG-SEA 47h 23m2 stops $609Air France Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Wed, Jan 17 2:35 pm - 1:40 pmSEA-CDG 14h 05m1 stop 9:30 am - 11:53 pmCDG-SEA 47h 23m2 stops $631Air France Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Wed, Jan 17 1:45 pm - 11:10 pmSEA-CDG 24h 25m1 stop 10:35 am - 4:45 pmCDG-SEA 15h 10m1 stop $650British Airways Find Deal Sat, Dec 30 - Thu, Feb 29 6:25 pm - 9:40 amSEA-CDG 30h 15m1 stop 7:30 am - 4:30 pmCDG-SEA 18h 00m1 stop $687Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Apr 17 - Wed, May 1 6:25 pm - 10:05 pmSEA-CDG 18h 40m1 stop 7:30 am - 4:30 pmCDG-SEA 18h 00m1 stop $714Turkish Airlines Find Deal Mon, Apr 15 - Wed, May 1 Show more results Flights from Seattle to Paris - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Seattle to Paris to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Seattle to Paris flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Seattle to Paris. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Seattle to Paris cost $479 and was between Seattle and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $594. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Seattle to Paris? The average price of all flights from Seattle to Paris clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Paris on a Monday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Friday is the most expensive day to fly from Seattle to Paris. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Friday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Seattle to Paris? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Seattle to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Seattle to Paris is January, where tickets cost $769 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,601 and $1,485 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Seattle to Paris? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Seattle to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Seattle to Paris, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 41 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Seattle to Paris? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, WestJet offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $417. KAYAK users also found Seattle to Paris round-trip flights on Icelandair from $431 and on American Airlines from $551. Which airlines fly non-stop between Seattle and Paris? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Seattle to Paris. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Seattle to Paris. They are: Air France, Air Tahiti Nui and Delta. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Delta at $584 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air Tahiti Nui. How many flights are there between Seattle and Paris per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 5 nonstop flights that take off from Seattle and land in Paris, with an average flight time of 10h 06m. The most common departure time is 12:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Each week, there are 21 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 24% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Seattle and Paris? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Seattle to Paris take? The average nonstop flight takes 9h 30m, covering a distance of 5,001 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Seattle to Paris? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Seattle at 12:45 pm and will be landing in Paris at 8:10 am. What’s the latest departure time from Seattle to Paris? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Seattle to Paris jets off at 4:20 pm and lands at 10:50 am. Good to know Low season January High season September Cheapest flight $272 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 31% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 7% increase in price. Flight from Seattle to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from Seattle to Paris Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Seattle to Paris based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Seattle to Paris Where can I breastfeed my baby at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA)? At SEA, you can breastfeed your child in a mother’s room inside the Kid’s Play Area or in one of the 7 nursing suites near Gates S, A9, C10, N2, D10, D23, and in the Main Terminal at the Train Station. If you/your partner is a military member, you can use the mother’s room inside the USO lounge. Where can I let my kids burn off their energy as we await our flight at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA)? At SEA, you can let your kids have fun at the Children’s Play Area, across from Seattle Taproom, between Central Terminal and A Gates. Open round-the-clock, this family amenity features various toys and child-proof play areas. What are the special attractions at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA)? SEA is home to several special attractions. At this airport, you can check out contemporary works in glass, sculptures, and paintings on various airport buildings and in the Art Walk, a half a mile path from the Central Terminal to Gate A14. You can also enjoy scheduled music shows at dedicated performance spaces in the Central Terminal, A Concourse, and Marketplace @ N, provided your flight is between 9:00 am and 3:00 pm. What are the public transportation options from Charles de Gaulle International Airport (CDG)? To travel from CDG, you should board an RER B commuter train to the Paris city center, a TGV train if you want to travel to another major French city besides Paris, a Roissy Bus if your destination is along the bus route, and a taxi if you have a lot of baggage or want to travel directly to your destination. Can I leave my luggage at Charles de Gaulle International Airport (CDG)? You can leave your luggage at CDG, given that Bagages du Monde, a storage service, offers short and long-term storage. It’s found on the Landside of Terminal 2, just opposite the Sheraton Hotel. Are there religious spaces at Orly Airport (ORY)? ORY has multiple religious spaces. There’s a multifaith prayer area in Terminal 1, an Interfaith reception desk in Terminal 2, a Muslim Prayer in Room A726 in Terminal 4, and a Synagogue on Level 1 of Terminal 4. Which public transportations means are available from Seattle’s city center to Seattle-Tacoma Airport? The most economical transportation means from Seattle city to Seattle-Tacoma Airport is the Light Rail. Alternatively, you can use Shuttle Express, rideshares like Lyft, public transit buses, or taxis to get to the city. Are there car rentals at Paris airports? Charles de Gaulle Airport has multiple car rental companies, like Hertz and Avis, which have desks on Terminals 1 and 2. At Orly Airport, you will find the car rental counters in the west terminal's arrivals hall. Can I find accommodation at Paris airports? You do not need to travel outside the airport to get suitable accommodation to relax after landing at Charles de Gaulle Airport. You can stay at the Sheraton Hotel in Terminal 2 or the Ibis Hotel right across Terminal 3. At Orly Airport, you get free transportation to hotels within the airport, like Best Western or Hilton Garden Inn. Can I find affordable parking at Seattle-Tacoma Airport? Parking lot rates depend on the parking lot you choose. You will have to part with around $4 per hour if you leave your car at the General Parking lot and about $37 a day at the Terminal Parking lot. Do I need a passport to fly between Seattle and Paris? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Paris from Seattle. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Seattle to Paris? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Seattle to Paris flight route: Delta, ITA Airways, WestJet Encore, Air France, Alaska Airlines, Lufthansa, United Airlines, and Aeromexico. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Seattle to Paris? The Airbus A330-300 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Seattle to Paris flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Seattle to Paris? SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Seattle and Paris, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Seattle to Paris? There are nonstop flights from Seattle to Paris on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Seattle to Paris, Delta or Turkish Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Seattle to Paris are Delta and Turkish Airlines. With an average price for the route of $1,326 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Turkish Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $756 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Seattle to Paris? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Seattle to Paris. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Seattle to Paris? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris from Seattle is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Seattle to Paris? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris with an airline and back to Seattle with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Seattle to Paris? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris from Seattle up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Seattle to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $575 or less one-way and $783 or less round-trip. Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) is the primary airport serving the Seattle Metropolitan Area. This airport is a hub for Delta and Alaska Airlines. Charles de Gaulle International Airport (CDG) and Orly Airport (ORY) are the Paris airports serving flights from Seattle. CDG is the primary airport in the French capital and the largest in the country. It’s a hub for Air France and a focus city for Air France Hop, Vueling, and easyJet. ORY is the second-largest airport in France. It’s a hub for Vueling, TAP Portugal, Air France, and easyJet Europe. It’s also a focus city for Air Caraibes, Corsair International, and Royal Air Maroc. If you intend to board a one-stop or two-stop flight from Seattle to Paris, note that your layover destination(s) will be determined by the airline you’ll travel with. This is because the airlines that ply this route have different layover points. The common layover destinations for flights on this route include Toronto (YYZ), Copenhagen (CPH), Istanbul (IST), and London (LHR). At SEA, you can wait for your flight at the USO Lounge if you’re an active member of the US military or a family member of one. Located in the Main Terminal, Landside, this lounge has beverages, snacks, computers, a video gaming console, a TV, comfy lounge chairs, a sleeping area with beds, board and table games, and showers. If you are flying from Seattle-Tacoma Airport (SEA) to Paris, anticipate at least one layover during the trip since most airlines working this route, like Lufthansa, Virgin Atlantic, and American Airlines, make one stop. However, you can find nonstop flights with Air France or Delta Air Lines. Those flying to Paris from Seattle can either land at Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) or Orly Airport (ORY). Although Charles de Gaulle Airport is vast compared to Orly, Orly Airport is more advantageous since it is less crowded, meaning you will have shorter flight delays and security checks. Upon landing at Charles de Gaulle Airport, you can either take the Regional RER train, the Le Bus Direct, or a taxi to get to the heart of Paris. From Orly Airport, you can use the Orlybus, Le Bus, or taxis to the city. Alternatively, you can board the Orlyval metro, which stops at Anthony Station, then take the RER B or C train. Several lounges at Seattle-Tacoma Airport provide a tranquil atmosphere, refreshments, and several amenities, making them the perfect escape from the overcrowded and noisy airport. Elevate your experience at the Centurion Lounge on Concourse B and enjoy quiet workstations and great cuisine. Experience culture through art while at Charles de Gaulle Airport. Explore the Art Museum, Espace Musées in Terminal 2E, near Gate M, which displays work from famous artists. You can pass the time at Orly Airport by playing various games in the games room at Orly 4 or Orly 1 to 2 at Gates A, B, or C. As you wait for your flight at Seattle-Tacoma Airport, you can leave your luggage at the Baggage Storage Facility at the terminal building in the reclaim area as you go about doing your shopping or exploring. Alternatively, you can use the airport's luggage trolleys available at a fee of around $4. Charles de Gaulle Airport provides assistance services for passengers with reduced mobility. From getting off the airplane, collecting your baggage, to get to other areas around the airport, including the drop-off point, the airline staff provides this and any other assistance requested during booking. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Paris? Find which airlines fly direct from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Paris, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Paris Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +3 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Friday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Saturday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +3 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Paris to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Thursday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +3 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +4 more 2 3 Friday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Saturday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Sunday Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, +3 more Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Seattle to Paris See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Seattle to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Seattle to Paris? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.5 EVA AirOverall score based on 6327 reviews 82food 87boarding 84comfort 86overall 88crew 83entertainment Airline reviews Cons: "Only the space was lacking...not a lot of room for such a long flight and having to sleep. But it was okay!"Read more about EVA Air Cons: "Only the space was lacking...not a lot of room for such a long flight and having to sleep. But it was okay!" Pros: "The crew was nice, the food was good. We did miss our first flight, so we were automatically rebooked on a new flight." Cons: "We missed our first flight because of our connection." Cons: "Terrible service. It’s a nightmare to fly with. And I have a baby with me that even worse to fly with Eva." Pros: "Eva does a great job, nice personnel, good food...probably better than most." Cons: "More leg room. (My usual complaint,) Premium Economy Very Nice, but at a premium price. I flew once...nice to be offered a glass of Champagne once seated!" Pros: "The seat was comfortable. The crew was very nice." Cons: "Keep doing the same. Cost is not always the most important." Pros: "There was a decent movie collection to watch." Cons: "Seats were crammed, not enough width or legroom. Staff not that friendly. Food was alright but nothing to write home about" Pros: "The seats were OK, solid C. The staff were good B+, and the food (warm veggie was poor D+. The second flight I had raw veggies which was much better, B-." Cons: "The flight from Taipei to BKK too off 40 minutes late. When we arrived in Thailand it took 20 minutes to get the jetway working. Sad! Timely flights and support services are expected." Pros: "EVA isn't a discount airline. Being the National Airline of Taiwan and a member of the STAR alliance, you will pay a premium price. I was originally being put in a row right behind the bulkhead with no individual monitor and a seat that was extremely cramped because of the tray table. I knew that I would be able to hang for a 13 hour flight and fortunately, the flight attendant was able to move my wife and I." Cons: "Only one current movie available. Food was bland and not very appetizing." Pros: "EVA crew was wonderful and hardworking" Cons: "Did not like our seats and weight limits for carry on" Pros: "I’ve always had a great flight with them. Crew always very nice and very helpful." Cons: "I have nothing bad to say. Maybe it there was a little more entertainment more movies and tv shows." That your phones given were the more comfortable ones, unlike the old ones. The flight was delayed and my luggage has been lost in Zürich both times. Also the food choices were terrible. I am dairy free and gluten-free and they had nothing available for me Cons: "Games sollten Nachts gesperrt werden. Die gute Dame hinter mir spielte wohl die ganze Nacht Solitaire und mein Sitz schüttelte immer. Auf meine bitte zu stoppen weder kommentar noch reaktion." Pros: "The crew was amazingly efficient serving food and drink. In the recline position the seat bottom extended which was far more comfortable than simply reclining." Cons: "The food was mediocre and the selection of movies was very limited." Cons: "They asked me to pay for my luggages. It is strange" Pros: "On time! Courteous. Free meal! Even on flight less than 2 hours!" Cons: "All good!" Cons: "Did NOT know ticket was economy light!!!! I WAS UPSET WE HAD TO PAY BAGGAGE FEE!!!!" Pros: "They have a policy of letting kids under 5 board early which was a boon to us! The veggie pasta was really delicious." Cons: "The delay to fly was the only issue" Pros: "Flight share with another airline so we couldn’t book our seats in advance." Cons: "Space is cramped. Very professional and courteous crew." Pros: "Swiss air Business is an excellent choice. I will fly this Airline again. It was extremely comfortable, service was excellent, and the flight crew made up our lost time in the air. We had a tight connection and they waited for us." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Lots of room because plane was half full" Cons: "I arrived almost early enough to get on an earlier flight. I think if I'd pleaded a bit more..." Staff was friendly. Food was so-so. The economy seats are probably some of the most uncomfortable I’ve ever sat in. The headrest kept falling down which has happened multiple times before on Virgin. i saved my points for more than 10 years in anticipation of treating myself to an upper class fight to and from london on virgin atlantic. i was shocked to find what you consider “upper class” on the dreamliner. it was, at best, a mediocre business class accommodation. it was tight and not that comfortable, with nearly no personal storage. everything was cramped and just generally disappointing. once i lucked into a 1st class upgrade to europe on lufthansa - a magical experience that found me reluctant to sleep, lest i deprive myself the joy of their setup. i expected something similar from virgin atlantic, but i could not have been more wrong. it will be the same arrangement on my flight home, but at least i know what (not) to expect. to be clear, this is only in reaction to the physical accommodations. your people were, and always are fantastic. Seats need to be updated. Allowance needs to be made for dinner service at an alternative time Very good airline. There is still some room for improvement but overall I’m happy If I could fly Virgin Atlantic airlines to every place, I need to go, I would. Leaving Heathrow through the special virgin air entrance, security is completely white glove service. I love this airline. From ticketing agents to flight staff everyone tries to make it a wonderful & happy flight experience. I wish other airlines copied the positive culture of Virgin Airlines. Pros: "This is the way to fly long haul." Cons: "Frustration is it is impossible to sleep during the breakfast service, but this is a problem for all airlines and Virgin is better than most." Pros: "Crew was great !!!" Cons: "Seating in upper class is uncomfortable and bedding is not fresh." Cons: "Staff were unhelpful and ran out of many food items by the time we were served - meaning that there wasn’t anything available for us to eat as we don’t eat eggs. The check-in was stressful and staff were keen to help - unprofessional and unsatisfactory." Pros: "Crew was great!" Cons: "The scone and roll were blah and dry - and so much bread in one meal!!! My seat charger didn’t work :(" Pros: "It was empty so we were told we could move around in the empty seats" Cons: "Food was basically carbs, carbs and more carbs (especially if vegetarian). Some diversity, please. Staff forgot requests on a couple of occasions (Economy Delight cabin)." Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Cons: "They need to make more leg room in ALL planes" Pros: "food and service was amazing" Cons: "delay in seattle caused a loss of a whole day of my holiday. VERY UNHAPPY" Pros: "Excellent service in most every respect! Boarding was easy, accommodations were quite ample, food was great, and the entertainment was plentiful." Cons: "Slight problem with making my seat into a bed, which wasn't fixable. Movies were good, except for the trailers before and after each, which seemed to take forever! Didn't get the seats my wife and originally booked with China Southern/Delta, but the substitution was quite adequate! Problems with checking in on flights, as neither airline seemed to be able to deal with this split ticket! But they tried very hard to make thing up to us, which goes a long way to making us feel like we are valued customers!" Pros: "The service and the crew were extremely courteous polite and professional ." Cons: "As it is an all flights just not enough leg room and a very tight chair." Cons: "Missed connecting flight because the first flight was delayed by 2.5 hours. I didn’t get the comfort seat I paid for because of this and was not given a refund for it." Cons: "Did not serve the food we asked Limited choice of movies" Pros: "The food was good The crew was fantastic, friendly and accommodating Flight was on time" Cons: "I was near the bathroom.. stank a bit" Cons: "The wifi wasn't strong enough to download the app to watch movies on the plane." Pros: "Easy boarding, great service from the flight crew, and excellent food and drink service. Seats were comfortable and plenty of entertainment options for a long flight" A little bit more comfort. It’s tight space around the seats. But all else is great and a smooth flight! Total chaos with baggage check in…..rude staff in Seattle. And faulty seating/entertainment systems. Unable to log in to WiFi desperate being a member. Kept on getting errors. Never again. Definitely not what’s expected from a Star Alliance member airline. I had connection flight. I barely made it to the next flight. I had to run to get to the next flight which was far away from where my first flight was landed . On top of that they search my stuff before boarding that added to the time. Food was ok but they forgot to serve our row with drink and also when it was our turn, they ran out of second option for food and we didn’t have any options for food. Both flights were late. One by 40minutes other by 50 minutes As far as I remember I've selected and payed 65$ for a seat on the aisle. The seat selection got lost and the location was bad. Cons: "New Istanbul airport requires kilometres to walk and then take a super crowded bus. Insane" Cons: "No one came with drink carts until halfway through the flight. I was very hungry, never offered food. Boarding was late but no communication from staff." Cons: "Not stealing expensive gifts from my suitcases. That was very disappointing" Cons: "The online check in wasn’t possible so I wasn’t able to choose my seat." Cons: "The airport in Turkey had no a/c it was sweltering and packed. It smelled to high hell. Boarding was crazy with people shoving and pushing and cutting each other to get throug" EVA Air8.5 SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 Book cheap flights from Seattle to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Seattle to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/27Sat 2 stops 29h 58mSEA-CDG $272 Search 1/27Sat 2 stops 29h 58mSEA-CDG $273 Search 1/17Wed 1 stopIcelandair 12h 25mSEA-CDG $463 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopIcelandair 12h 35mSEA-CDG $466 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopAer Lingus 15h 45mSEA-CDG $477 Search 4/6Sat 2 stopsAer Lingus 35h 30mSEA-CDG $619 Search 1/27Sat nonstopAir France 9h 30mSEA-CDG $932 Search 12/28Thu nonstopDelta 9h 30mSEA-CDG $1,082 Search 3/12Tue nonstopDelta 10h 25mSEA-CDG $1,182 Search 5/13Mon nonstopAir France 9h 40mSEA-CDG $1,287 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineIcelandairAer LingusAir FranceDelta Search by price$270 or less$470 or less$620 or less$1,080 or less$1,290 or less Last minute flights from Seattle to Paris Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Seattle to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopBritish Airways 16h 48mSEA-CDG 12/10Sun multi-stopBritish Airways 17h 52mCDG-SEA $551 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 16h 49mSEA-CDG 12/10Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 22h 44mCDG-SEA $554 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 16h 30mSEA-CDG 12/11Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 20h 19mCDG-SEA $556 Search 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 9h 30mSEA-CDG 12/10Sun nonstopDelta 10h 52mCDG-SEA $586 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 21h 10mSEA-CDG 12/10Sun nonstopDelta 10h 52mCDG-SEA $591 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAir Tahiti Nui 9h 30mSEA-CDG 12/3Sun nonstopAir Tahiti Nui 10h 15mCDG-SEA $754 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 14h 50mSEA-CDG 12/6Wed multi-stop 30h 00mCDG-SEA $888 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAir France 35h 50mSEA-CDG 12/6Wed multi-stopAir France 33h 40mCDG-SEA $904 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAir France 32h 45mSEA-CDG 12/6Wed nonstopAir France 11h 00mCDG-SEA $1,076 Search 12/2Sat nonstop 9h 30mSEA-CDG 12/3Sun multi-stop 30h 21mCDG-SEA $1,145 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineBritish AirwaysAmerican AirlinesDeltaAir Tahiti NuiAir France Search by price$550 or less$590 or less$750 or less$900 or less$1,150 or less Seattle - Paris Flights Departure: Seattle (SEA)United States Return flight deals: Paris - Seattle Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris $2,215 Business Class flights to Paris $1,858 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris $594 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » United States » Washington » Seattle $418Flights from Seattle to Paris Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris $660Flights to Paris Beauvais-Tille Airport, Paris $418Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris $617Flights to Paris Orly Airport, Paris Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Ontario Flights to Honolulu Flights to San Diego Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Paris flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris from Seattle. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Paris from Seattle. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.