Cheap Flights from Minneapolis to Denver from $35 | (MSP - DEN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MSP - DEN Find cheap flights from Minneapolis to Denver from $35 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/10. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Denver These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to Denver, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Minneapolis to Denver, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Minneapolis to Denver?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Minneapolis to Denver that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:41 pm - 1:59 pmMSP-DEN 2h 18mnonstop 4:05 pm - 7:12 pmDEN-MSP 2h 07mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 12:41 pm - 1:59 pmMSP-DEN 2h 18mnonstop 4:05 pm - 7:12 pmDEN-MSP 2h 07mnonstop $39Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 6:00 pm - 7:29 pmMSP-DEN 2h 29mnonstop 8:34 pm - 11:40 pmDEN-MSP 2h 06mnonstop $40Frontier Find Deal Sat, Feb 10 - Tue, Feb 13 10:00 am - 11:16 amMSP-DEN 2h 16mnonstop 6:10 pm - 9:05 pmDEN-MSP 1h 55mnonstop $57Sun Country Air Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Wed, Dec 13 12:59 pm - 2:22 pmMSP-DEN 2h 23mnonstop 6:50 pm - 9:45 pmDEN-MSP 1h 55mnonstop $65 Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Thu, Dec 14 8:30 am - 9:49 amMSP-DEN 2h 19mnonstop 6:10 pm - 9:05 pmDEN-MSP 1h 55mnonstop $66Sun Country Air Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Wed, Dec 13 12:59 pm - 2:22 pmMSP-DEN 2h 23mnonstop 7:00 pm - 9:57 pmDEN-MSP 1h 57mnonstop $76 Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sun, Dec 24 9:05 am - 10:28 amMSP-DEN 2h 23mnonstop 3:20 pm - 6:15 pmDEN-MSP 1h 55mnonstop $138Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 5:34 am - 6:55 amMSP-DEN 2h 21mnonstop 8:00 am - 2:18 pmDEN-MSP 5h 18m1 stop $157United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 28 - Thu, Feb 29 5:34 am - 6:55 amMSP-DEN 2h 21mnonstop 8:00 am - 2:18 pmDEN-MSP 5h 18m1 stop $207United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 28 - Tue, Mar 5 Show more results Flights from Minneapolis to Denver - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Minneapolis to Denver to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Minneapolis to Denver? The average price of all flights from Minneapolis to Denver clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Denver on a Tuesday and more expensive on a Sunday. On your return trip to Minneapolis, you should consider flying back on a Tuesday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Minneapolis to Denver? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Minneapolis to Denver is September, where tickets cost $128 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and March, where the average cost of tickets is $215 and $208 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Minneapolis to Denver? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Minneapolis to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Minneapolis to Denver, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 22 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Minneapolis to Denver? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Minneapolis to Denver were found on Frontier ($38) and Sun Country Air ($57). Sun Country Air proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $35. Which airlines fly non-stop between Minneapolis and Denver? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Minneapolis to Denver. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Minneapolis to Denver. They are: Delta, Frontier, Southwest, Sun Country Air and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $40 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Minneapolis and Denver per day? Each day, there are between 12 and 22 nonstop flights that take off from Minneapolis and land in Denver, with an average flight time of 2h 20m. The most common departure time is 8:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 123 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Minneapolis and Denver? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Minneapolis to Denver take? A direct flight to Denver will take on average 2h 14m to travel the 679 miles flying distance from Minneapolis. What’s the earliest departure time from Minneapolis to Denver? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Minneapolis at 5:30 am and will be landing in Denver at 6:52 am. What’s the latest departure time from Minneapolis to Denver? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Minneapolis to Denver jets off at 10:58 pm and lands at 12:22 am. Good to know Low season December High season August Cheapest flight $35 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 17% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 12% lower on average. Flight from Minneapolis to Denver When to book flights from Minneapolis to Denver Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Minneapolis to Denver based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Minneapolis to Denver How do I get from Denver International Airport (DEN) to Denver Museum of Nature & Science? Denver Museum of Nature & Science and the Denver International Airport (DEN) are approximately 16 miles apart. You can get there using numerous transportation options. However, buses offer a cheaper option, particularly for those traveling on a budget. Line 40 bus commutes between the two destinations in about 50min. Still, you can take a taxi and arrive there after around 27min. What attractions are there at Denver International Airport (DEN)? While at the Denver International Airport (DEN), stroll around and marvel at the astounding murals mounted inside the airport terminals. You may find the mural at Jeppesen Terminal, level 5, amazing as it’s labeled “In Peace and Harmony with Nature” and denotes the current concerns regarding environmental degradation. Are there any services for passengers with limited mobility at DEN upon their arrival? DEN has partnered with Hidden Disabilities Sunflower Network to provide specific services to disabled passengers and persons with limited mobility. Accessible parking options are found at Jeppesen Terminal, on garage Levels 1, 2, 4 and 5. Other services include trained professional agents to assist blind passengers and interpreter services at the various terminals. Are there lounges at Denver International Airport (DEN)? Several airlines run multiple lounges at DEN, including American Airlines, Admirals Club, Delta Sky Club, United Club and USO. Usually, access is based on membership. However, any economy class traveler willing to purchase a day pass can access the lounges. Where can I park at Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport? Daily parking at MSP is around $26 per day. You can park for less, however, at its Value Lot. Located at Terminal 2 - Humphrey, it costs just under $20 per day. From any of the parking lots, you can get to the airport via its transit rail or enclosed skywalk. What can I do around the Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport? Along with its numerous restaurants and high-quality shops, the airport also offers a number of cultural experiences. Walk around the airport to enjoy its art pieces, including a Snoopy statue collection. Visit its film screening room located in Concourse C to view short films that are shown throughout the day and night. How can I get around the Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport? MSP is divided into two terminals - Terminal 1, Lindbergh and Terminal 2, Humphrey. Each airline is assigned to a terminal, which makes getting around quite easy. A transit rail system will get you from one terminal to another without you having to do a lot of walking. Where can I grab a quick bite to eat before I get my bags at DEN? If it is early in the day and you are in Concourse A (which services both Delta and Frontier), you might enjoy a cup of coffee and a muffin from Caribou Coffee or a chicken snack from KFC Express. Concourse B, which services United Airlines, also has a number of restaurant options including Chick-Fil-A, Wetzel’s Pretzels, and McDonald’s. If traveling with your family and everyone wants something different to eat, stop by the Food Court near Gate A48. How can I get from Denver International Airport to my destination in Denver? Catch the A-Line Commuter Train to downtown and its surrounding areas including Central Park and the University of Colorado. Trains leave the airport every 15 minutes and the ride to the center of the city will take less than 40 minutes. The fare for the train costs about $20 from the airport. Do I need a passport to fly between Minneapolis and Denver? No Which airports will I be using when flying from Minneapolis to Denver? On your way to Denver, you’ll fly out from Minneapolis St Paul. You’ll be landing at Denver Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Minneapolis to Denver? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Minneapolis to Denver flight route: Delta, Aeromexico, Spirit Airlines, American Airlines, Cape Air, Alaska Airlines, AeroMexico Connect, and Silver Airways. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Minneapolis to Denver? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Minneapolis to Denver flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Minneapolis to Denver? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Minneapolis and Denver, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Minneapolis to Denver? There are nonstop flights from Minneapolis to Denver on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Minneapolis to Denver, Delta or Sun Country Air? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Minneapolis to Denver are Delta and Sun Country Air. With an average price for the route of $228 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Sun Country Air is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $173 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Minneapolis to Denver? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Minneapolis to Denver. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Minneapolis to Denver? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Denver from Minneapolis is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Minneapolis to Denver? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Denver with an airline and back to Minneapolis with another airline. Booking your flights between Minneapolis and DEN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Minneapolis to Denver? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Denver from Minneapolis up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from MSP to Denver Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $77 or less one-way and $111 or less round-trip. Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport (MSP) has two terminals: Terminal 1, also called Lindbergh Terminal, is the largest, and Terminal 2, also called Humphrey Terminal. There’s a Light Rail Transit (LRT) that connects both terminals for free. Nursing moms will be happy to note that MSP is equipped with lactating rooms in all terminals to offer much-needed privacy. They are located at every terminal. For instance, if you’re using Terminal 1, you’ll find them at Concourse C near Gate C13, on the main level under the stairs. There are also sinks and comfortable seats. You can bring your four-legged friends to MSP as there are pet relief areas in each terminal at pre- and post-security. Keep in mind that all non-service animals should be kept in kennels while in the airport’s facilities to avoid disturbing other travelers. However, certain exemptions are provided to assistance animals traveling with disabled passengers. Those traveling with the littlest family members should keep in mind that MSP has designated play areas for children. You can find these spaces on Concourse C at Terminal 1, and inside security at Terminal 2. The areas have beautiful amenities such as mock planes to keep the kids busy. Passengers with early morning flights from MSP should plan to spend a night at one of the hotels adjacent to the airport. Normally, most of these facilities provide courtesy shuttles to drop you at your departure terminal from where you can proceed to board your flight. Home2 Suites by Hilton Minneapolis Mall of America is a comfortable option to help you avoid the morning hassle on your way to the airport. Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport (MSP) is an award-winning facility. It has been recognized for its size as well as its management, food concessions, and shopping opportunities. Sixteen commercial airlines fly out of this airport, including Air France, American, KLM, Spirit, and Boutique Air. There are a number of non-stop flights from Minneapolis to Denver. Most go from the Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport to Denver International Airport, with flights lasting around 2 hours on average. Some of the airlines providing this flight route include Delta, Frontier, and United. If traveling for business, there are places in both airports where you can check your email, fax documents, or make copies. The MSP Business Center is located in Terminal 1-Lindbergh on the Mezzanine Level. At DEN, business services are in Concourse B on the Mezzanine Level. It offers charging stations and work cubicles for privacy as well. Denver International Airport (DEN) is about 30 minutes from the heart of town. It is also a short distance from many other cities. You can fly into DEN if you plan to visit Aurora (only 12 miles from the airport), Denver (an 18-mile drive from DEN), or Colorado Springs (about 70 miles away). For added convenience, several hotels provide a free shuttle. Some of these include Embassy Suites (near the Denver International Airport), DoubleTree (Aurora), the ART Hotel (downtown), Hyatt Regency (at the Convention Center), and the Grand Hyatt (also downtown). See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Minneapolis St Paul to Denver Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Minneapolis St Paul to Denver Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Minneapolis St Paul to Denver Intl Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Thursday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Friday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Saturday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Sunday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Air France, +10 more 8 9 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Denver Intl to Minneapolis St Paul Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +8 more Air Canada, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +8 more Air Canada, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +8 more Air Canada, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +8 more Air Canada, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Friday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +8 more Air Canada, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +9 more Air Canada, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Sunday Air Canada, Air France, Copa Airlines, +8 more Air Canada, Air France, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Minneapolis to Denver See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Minneapolis to Denver. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Minneapolis to Denver? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 10.0 Denver Air ConnectionOverall score based on 4 reviews 100overall 100boarding 100entertainment 100crew 100comfort 100food Airline reviews Absolutely easy travels and no cost cutting by the airline. Absolutely easy travels and no cost cutting by the airline. Their snacks and hospitality was amazing. They offered full sized snacks. Im talking full sized water bottles, full sized snickers bars, gold fish, full sized canned sodas, what ever you wanted they took care of it for FREE. The crew was really nice and hospitable. I was honestly shocked Pros: "Aircraft was clean and comfortable. Crew was efficient and friendly. The whole experience was excellent!" Cons: "There was lots of entertainment available but plain old music was not an option. What if I don't want to watch a movie or TV, just listen to music!" Pros: "Crew was amazing and friendly. Clean, chargers for phones in front of the seat and free WiFi for messaging on board." Cons: "Offered free movie watching but our iPhones didn’t have plugs for earbuds, so we couldn’t enjoy it because it would disturb others having the sound on." Pros: "Alaska flight crew treated treated my violin with extra care. Thanks!" Pros: "The flight attendants were friendly and professional and took time for a little personal conversation." Pros: "Management as well as staff nice...First trip with Alaska and made my trip nice .. Got a good deal price too." Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "Very friendly flight crew. Smooth boarding. Got in a 1/2 hour early!" Cons: "i wish Alaska would fly straight to Denver from Montana. I fly from Montana to Denver a lot and it ends up being a whole day of travel instead of a couple hour flight." Pros: "The flight was on time, the crew was friendly and they even served is lunch which was tasty." Cons: "My only minor complaint is they charge $8 to watch a movie." Pros: "It was a short flight. The overhead bins weren't overloaded." Cons: "Boarding was a hassle. The flight was too crowded. The food was non-existent.. Seats were uncomfortable." Pros: "I felt like there was ample leg room, and liked that the back of the plane boarded before the middle of the plane." Cons: "The scripts didn't sound well rehearsed, and disrupted my audiobook longer than. Necessary" Pros: "Crew was nice and friendly" Cons: "The economy seats in an A321 are uncomfortable and there is very limited legroom." Pros: "The crew on both legs of our trip were nice and accommodating." Cons: "Flight attendant in First class was visibly frustrated and unfriendly. He was not helping with my simple request for a blanket. Also, the were no food service in first class." Pros: "This is a delayed flight after having my flight to the previous night delayed to the extent that I could not take it and make my connecting flight out of Minneapolis." Cons: "This is a delayed flight after having my flight to the previous night delayed to the extent that I could not take it and make my connecting flight out of Minneapolis." Pros: "On this short flight, the flight attendant was wonderful, accommodating special requests and being fully engaged with passengers. On time departure, early arrival, overall a nice quick flight to Duluth." Cons: "CRJ200 planes are always a bit cramped, and having to gate check anything bigger than a small purse is an inconvenience. Hopefully the fleet will change over to the Embrair planes soon. Beware 'Basic' flyers (cheap tickets): you are not eligible to take an earlier flight even if available." Pros: "crew was amazing" Cons: "there was water leaking from window during landing and the food was not hot and was just bland and uncooked" Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Pros: "Food was excellent. I had the pasta. Loved watching movies." Pros: "The crew was very friendly. Boarding was quick." Cons: "Seat size in Comfort+ was still cramped. The person sitting next to me(in the middle was a fairly large (height not weight) and his arms and shoulders were pretty much flowing into my seat( I sat by the window). Leg room of course was fine. Very cold draft coming from the airplane(window?)" Pros: "The crew was great and super nice!" Cons: "Screens with games, more leg room, and not having kids behind us messing with tray tables the whole flight." Nice flight for a low cost carrier. So much better than my frontier experience later the same day. Delayed flight. No beverage service. A crew member was sullen. Expensive baggage and seating fees. Pros: "Everything was well executed; friendly staff, clean plane, good entertainment options" Pros: "I liked the crew and the fact that I could reserve a seat. I also like that they use terminal A in the DEN airport and terminal 2 at MSP." Cons: "The legroom was none existent, my seat was hard as rock, and it did not recline. Also, aisle seats have smaller under seat space than the other seats." Pros: "No food nor entertainment, thus low ratings in those areas. You could buy snacks but I brought a granola bar to go with complimentary coffee, which was good. Hated paying extra for checked bag and seat reservations. Added $58 to fare but it was cheap." Cons: "On time." Pros: "The plane was actually a bit early in leaving which was nice." Cons: "Could see baggage handlers throwing items on the conveyer belt. Always an issue to me. Like most flights these days, the seats were cramped but not as bad as others." Pros: "Mediocrity is really the aim of an airline this tier, correct?" Cons: "The hour delay, on top of an already 3-hour layover, in a terminal that wasn't even connected to the rest of the airport. The least you could do in a situation like this offer complimentary snacks to make up for it." Pros: "Lots of room and I had an exit row. The staff was friendly." Cons: "SC recently changed their baggage policy and the line at 6:00a to check a bag was from one end of the terminal to the other. I’m sure they’ll get it figured out at some point but they had to pull people on flights leaving within the next hour from the lines in order to get flights out on time. Terrible experience, no apology, no explanation." Cons: "Flight Attendant skipped our row when offering drinks. No wifi, no entertainment, no snacks. Paid $25 to check one small bag." Cons: "There are too many announcements on the screen before you can start watching entertainment. It takes about 15 minutes." Pros: "Good entertainment choices." Cons: "Uncomfortable seat with insufficient legroom wouldn't recline. Inadequate overhead storage (full flight)" Pros: "The flight itself was fine." Cons: "The gate change was not announced on my phone app (changed from E7 to D49). I hate leaving out of Terminal E at MIA. There is no point to having TSA Pre-Check if you have to stand in line with people who don't have it. I have to remove my liquids and laptop. It's such a shabby, run-down terminal." Cons: "American Airlies no longer partners with T-Mobile for free WiFi. :-(" Pros: "Jesus, the flight was phenomenal! He lightened up the atmosphere with his wit and grace." Pros: "Pretty standard flight" Cons: "Inconvenient timing and overcrowded with obnoxious children sitting on laps. No attempts made to change their behavior by crew or parents." Cons: "Flight was delayed 4+ hours due to weather. Gate agents did not communicate well, were rude and not helpful." Pros: "Let's see - I was in first class. The flight itself was fine - and only one hour + late!" Cons: "Food - Served the "breakfast" (when it was called a protein plate) I had coming (into MSP). for "lunch" on the way back (called it a meat plate for lunch. One slice turkey, one slice jamon, one egg, cinnamon roll and fruit. Just because they don't want to serve bread - they call it a protein plate? I'm not on a protein diet. Food was pretty sick for the amount I paid for the fight. Stewardess said it was against Republic's rules to give a customer a can of tonic water (so I could add to the small amount of vodka) - she also told me that it was against Delta's, American's and United's rules to give a can - strange? First Class seat did not recline. First Class was freezing per every flight on this segment (the stewardesses sit in the back and don't want to be uncomfortable - if they make the front warm - the back is too hot for them (not joking on this one). So many things to list - that I will finish on the AA site." Cons: "Didn't like the two hour delay, especially when I was notified only a half hour before boarding! This seems to be a normal thing for American Airlines." Pros: "Easy and quick boarding. Excellwnt service in first class. Comfortable ride." Cons: "Nothing. Excellent travel experience." Denver Air Connection10.0 Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Minneapolis to Denver Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Minneapolis to Denver found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/10Sun nonstopSun Country Air 2h 19mMSP-DEN $35 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 23mMSP-DEN $39 Search 1/4Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 27mMSP-DEN $41 Search 2/2Fri nonstopSun Country Air 2h 09mMSP-DEN $48 Search 1/4Thu 1 stopSpirit Airlines 13h 10mMSP-DEN $63 Search 1/18Thu nonstopDelta 2h 23mMSP-DEN $69 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 16h 49mMSP-DEN $93 Search 4/30Tue nonstopDelta 2h 14mMSP-DEN $171 Search 1/18Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 14h 19mMSP-DEN $221 Search 1/29Mon 2 stopsUnited Airlines 19h 56mMSP-DEN $232 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSun Country AirFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$50 or less$70 or less$170 or less$230 or less Last minute flights from Minneapolis to Denver Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Minneapolis to Denver that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat nonstopSun Country Air 2h 12mMSP-DEN 12/9Sat nonstopSun Country Air 1h 55mDEN-MSP $57 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSun Country Air 2h 19mMSP-DEN 12/7Thu nonstopSun Country Air 1h 55mDEN-MSP $67 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 23mMSP-DEN 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 1h 58mDEN-MSP $68 Search 12/2Sat nonstop 2h 12mMSP-DEN 12/3Sun nonstop 2h 03mDEN-MSP $73 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 26mMSP-DEN 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 59mDEN-MSP $78 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 2h 26mMSP-DEN 12/8Fri nonstop 1h 53mDEN-MSP $83 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 22mMSP-DEN 12/9Sat multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 49mDEN-MSP $343 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 06mMSP-DEN 12/9Sat multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 49mDEN-MSP $349 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 18mMSP-DEN 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 56mDEN-MSP $478 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 48mMSP-DEN 12/7Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 23h 37mDEN-MSP $702 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSun Country AirFrontierSpirit AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$70 or less$70 or less$80 or less$350 or less$700 or less Minneapolis - Denver Flights Departure: Minneapolis (MSP)United States Destination: Denver (DEN)United States Return flight deals: Denver - Minneapolis Cabin classes: $478 First Class flights to Denver $1,066 Business Class flights to Denver $165 Prem Econ Class flights to Denver $48 Economy Class flights to Denver Browse origins: Flights » United States » Minnesota » Minneapolis $57Flights from Minneapolis to Denver Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Colorado » Denver $57Flights to Denver, Denver Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Tampa Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Denver flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Denver from Minneapolis. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Denver from Minneapolis. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.