Cheap Flights from Oakland to Las Vegas from $22 | (OAK - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW OAK - LAS Find cheap flights from Oakland to Las Vegas from $22 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/16. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Oakland to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Oakland to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Oakland to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Oakland to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:20 pm - 9:54 pmOAK-LAS 1h 34mnonstop 7:59 pm - 9:34 pmLAS-OAK 1h 35mnonstop $33Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Tue, Jan 23 11:11 pm - 12:46 amOAK-LAS 1h 35mnonstop 10:30 pm - 12:10 amLAS-OAK 1h 40mnonstop $38Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Wed, Dec 20 9:12 pm - 10:47 pmOAK-LAS 1h 35mnonstop 10:30 pm - 12:10 amLAS-OAK 1h 40mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Fri, Dec 15 2:00 pm - 3:32 pmOAK-LAS 1h 32mnonstop 9:00 am - 10:38 amLAS-OAK 1h 38mnonstop $40Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 6:50 pm - 8:23 pmOAK-LAS 1h 33mnonstop 10:30 pm - 12:10 amLAS-OAK 1h 40mnonstop $41Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Fri, Dec 15 3:56 pm - 5:27 pmOAK-LAS 1h 31mnonstop 1:24 pm - 3:06 pmLAS-OAK 1h 42mnonstop $72Allegiant Air Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Mon, Dec 18 3:56 pm - 5:27 pmOAK-LAS 1h 31mnonstop 8:48 pm - 10:28 pmLAS-OAK 1h 40mnonstop $73 Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Mon, Dec 18 3:56 pm - 5:27 pmOAK-LAS 1h 31mnonstop 4:41 pm - 6:20 pmLAS-OAK 1h 39mnonstop $80 Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Thu, Dec 21 5:36 pm - 10:28 pmOAK-LAS 4h 52m1 stop 5:31 pm - 12:05 amLAS-OAK 6h 34m1 stop $177Delta Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Tue, Dec 26 5:36 pm - 10:28 pmOAK-LAS 4h 52m1 stop 11:17 am - 4:25 pmLAS-OAK 5h 08m1 stop $192Delta Find Deal Wed, Dec 20 - Wed, Dec 27 Show more results Flights from Oakland to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Oakland to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Oakland to Las Vegas? The average price of all flights from Oakland, California to Las Vegas clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Las Vegas on a Monday and more expensive on a Friday. On your return trip to Oakland, you should consider flying back on a Friday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Oakland, California to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Oakland, California to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Oakland, California to Las Vegas is February, where tickets cost $118 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and November, where the average cost of tickets is $172 and $152 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Oakland, California to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Oakland, California to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Oakland, California to Las Vegas, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 79 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Oakland to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Spirit Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $22. KAYAK users also found Oakland to Las Vegas round-trip flights on Spirit Airlines from $33 and on Allegiant Air from $72. Which airlines fly most frequently between Oakland and Las Vegas? Southwest connects Oakland to Las Vegas with up to 11 flights per day. JSX also offers 1 flight per day, while Spirit Airlines follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Oakland, California and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Oakland, California to Las Vegas. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Oakland, California to Las Vegas. They are: Allegiant Air, JSX, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $39 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Oakland, California and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 20 nonstop flights that take off from Oakland, California and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 1h 31m. The most common departure time is 5:00 am and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 105 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Oakland, California and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Oakland to Las Vegas take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Las Vegas from Oakland is typically 1h 22m. The journey crosses a distance of 406 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Oakland to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Oakland, California at 5:10 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 6:40 am. What’s the latest departure time from Oakland to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Oakland, California to Las Vegas jets off at 11:11 pm and lands at 12:46 am. Good to know Low season June High season December Cheapest flight $22 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 41% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 5% increase in price. Flight from Oakland to Las Vegas When to book flights from Oakland to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Oakland to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Oakland to Las Vegas What attractions are there in the Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS)? There's a wide range of fantastic gems for those arriving at LAS to explore. If you're arriving through Terminal 1, stop by the Howard W. Cannon Aviation Museum and marvel at the exhibits on air travel in the Las Vegas region and other parts of Nevada. Also, there are plenty of galleries and multimedia presentations to enjoy. How far is The Mob Museum from LAS? The distance between Las Vegas McCarran International Airport and the Mob Museum is about 11.2 miles. The easiest and cheapest means to get there is via Line 108 Bus via SB Casino Center after Bonneville. The journey takes about 57min. Are there car rentals from Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS) to the city center of Las Vegas? Travelers searching for car rentals after arriving at LAS have a wide range of options to choose from. For instance, the McCarran Rent-A-Car Center sits approximately 3 miles from LAS, off Interstates 15 and 215, and offers several options to meet your needs. Make early reservations to avoid last-minute hassles. Are there any services for passengers with disabilities at the LAS upon their arrival? LAS caters to the needs of all passengers with disabilities. Affected persons are advised to make advance arrangements with the operator to enjoy these services. There are wheelchair-accessible alleys at critical points such as restrooms, luggage claim area and counters. Which airlines fly directly from Oakland Airport to Las Vegas Airport? Several airlines operate daily flights from Oakland to Las Vegas, including Spirit, Delta Airlines, American Airlines, and jetBlue, but Spirit, JetSuiteX Air, and SouthWest offer a higher number of non-stop flights between the two cities. Which airline offers the best service? While Spirit flights tend to be a lot cheaper, they often don’t include luggage in the final price, which can be an issue for certain travelers. American Airlines’ flights often include luggage in their prices, but they usually include a layover in Phoenix. Can I bring my pet to Las Vegas Airport? Pets need to be properly kenneled or kept inside airline-approved containers, but pet owners arriving at LAS can head to the different Pet Relief Areas located at: C Gates, D Gates, and E Gates in Terminal 1, as well as near the Baggage and Ticketing areas in T1. How do I get from Las Vegas Airport to the city center? Public buses Route 108–Paradise, and Route 109–Maryland Parkway serve Terminal 1, as well as the Westcliff Airport Express (WAX) route. Buses stop outside the terminal building on the right side. The WAX and Centennial Express (CX) routes also carry passengers from Terminal 3 to the city center. They stop curbside on level 2 at Departures. Otherwise, both taxis (or other app-based services like Lyft) and rental cars make for comfortable options. Do I need a passport to fly between Oakland and Las Vegas? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Oakland to Las Vegas? JetBlue, Alaska Airlines, Delta, and American Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Oakland to Las Vegas flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Oakland to Las Vegas? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Oakland to Las Vegas flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Oakland to Las Vegas? There are nonstop flights from Oakland to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Oakland to Las Vegas, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Oakland to Las Vegas are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $179 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $588 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Oakland to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Oakland to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Oakland to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Oakland is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Oakland to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Oakland with another airline. Booking your flights between Oakland and LAS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Oakland to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Oakland up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from OAK to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $64 or less one-way and $95 or less round-trip. Commuters flying aboard Delta Airlines from Oakland International Airport (OAK) to Las Vegas will be happy to know that the airline has a hub at the Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS). Passengers on this carrier use Terminal 1 at the airport and are pre-checked through the fast-lane program. In case you've lost anything within the airport, at the terminal, curbside, or in the parking lots at the Oakland International Airport (OAK), check with the Lost and Found office in Terminal 1 on the second floor in the Badges and Permit office. A second Lost and Found office in Terminal 1 near baggage carousel 3 is for items misplaced at the security checkpoint. Various charming hotels near Oakland International Airport (OAK) are famous for their exemplary airport transfer services and offer excellent accommodation. Travelers leaving early in the morning should book comfortable rooms at the elegant The Marina Inn on San Francisco Bay or Hampton Inn & Suites Oakland Airport-Alameda. Accessing the airport can’t get any better than this! Some airlines will allow you to board with pets when flying from Oakland to Las Vegas, if you make early reservations. In most cases, the restrictions regarding the type and size of your four-legged friend vary depending on the airline. Frontier Airlines allows you to bring pets such as dogs, cats and rabbits in the cabin. Nursing moms traveling through OAK have a quiet place to breast-pump or breastfeed when they travel. There are Mamava Lactation Suites strategically located in post-security in Terminals 1 and 2. As you enjoy your comfort and privacy, remember to clean up the area when leaving. The BART rail service connects several areas in the Bay Area with Oakland International Airport (OAK), and the Coliseum/Oakland Airport BART station is connected to OAK via the bus line 173. Otherwise, board the Amtrak service at Oakland – Jack London Square station, as it also stops at the Coliseum/Oakland Airport station. OAK only has two terminals, and they are connected via a walkway system. Gate 4 in Terminal 1 provides access to other gates in Terminal 2, and from Gate 20 in Terminal 2 you can cross over to Terminal 1. Oakland Airport’s Escape Lounge, located in Terminal 1, is one of its main attractions for travelers. As part of the Amex Global Lounge Collection, American Express’s Platinum Card holders can enter along with two guests, and Centurion cardholders can bring their spouse and children along. Otherwise, the entrance fee is around $45 (or a bit less when booked online in advance). McCarran International Airport (LAS) has two terminals, Terminal 1 and Terminal 3, but the two buildings aren’t physically connected. However, there is a free shuttle bus running between the two terminals every 12-15 minutes. It stops in the ground transportation area outside each terminal. In case you need accommodation near LAS, there are numerous hotels a little over a mile away from the airport, including Travelodge and DoubleTree by Hilton. Several hotels provide free shuttle to the airport, such as Silver Sevens Hotel & Casino and Hampton Inn & Suites Las Vegas Airport, but make sure to contact your hotel in advance as many only have shuttle service on demand. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Oakland to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Oakland to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Oakland to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday Allegiant Air, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Tuesday JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Wednesday JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Thursday JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Friday Allegiant Air, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Saturday JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Sunday JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more See more direct flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Oakland Search Flights Monday Allegiant Air, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Tuesday JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Wednesday JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Thursday JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Friday Allegiant Air, JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, JetBlue, +2 more 1 Saturday JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more Sunday JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines JetBlue, Southwest, +1 more See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Oakland to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Oakland to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Oakland to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 85overall 85boarding 88crew 78entertainment 82comfort 79food Airline reviews Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport" Pros: "I was given an exit row seat since there were so many open seats and it reminded me of flying before 9/11. I’m 6’6” and pre9/11 I was always ushered to an exit iris seat. So it was extremely thoughtful of the check-in agent to do that for me." Cons: "The flight crew, check-in agent everyone was awesome and the flight was a real pleasure." Pros: "The snack was a whole sandwich that was quite tasty and in my opinion far better than the two meals I was served on my US to Europe flight on Condor. The staff were very kind, accommodating and served us damp linens to wipe our hands with before eating, which I did not receive on the Condor flight." Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Pros: "No hassle and easy boarding." Cons: "More room and limit on size of luggage in the overhead compartment." Pros: "The flight itself was as expected." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3+ hours with no reasoning shared with travelers. No compensation, complimentary beverage, etc. was provided." Cons: "Miss airline meals but realize this was a short flight. Everyone was great." Pros: "The crew was polite and helpful." Cons: "Choices of food could have been better, including not running out of items on a 5 hour flight." Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "I didn’ ask for internet but i was charged$25 I don’t know what to name it !" Pros: "Friendly staff" Cons: "No food offered but I usually don’t eat food but some passengers were asking about the food service" Pros: "Seat was comfy and the leg room makes a difference." Pros: "Mint. It's great. Very confirmable" Cons: "Slow taxi process after landing at LAS. Took 30+ minutes to get to gate" Pros: "Sraff service , on time departure and arrival, and in-flight services." Cons: "Nothing that I didn't like about JetBlue." Cons: "Heavy delayed redeye flight. Was miserable waiting for hours at the airport. Then, upon landing the flight attendance says some of us can use the back stairs without clarifying that we’d be walking in the cold and then up another flight of stairs with our bags. Not happy." Cons: "I chose JetBlue because I expected modern amenities. Sadly, the plane was out of date. The WiFi was so slow that many applications would not work." Pros: "I liked having a variety of movies and show to watch during a five hour flight" Cons: "There was a worker outside the plane demanding people to step to the side. He didn’t say please or thank you. Rude!" Cons: "Was only offered water instead of other refreshments and snacks" Pros: "I ended up in the exit row, so that was great. Flight attendant Evan was really friendly and helpful" Pros: "Direct TV was a great way to pass the time." Cons: "plane was late leaving causing me a 2 hour delay upon arrival arm rest was missing from seat and headphone jack did not work correctly" Pros: "The crew was extremely helpful and friendly!" Cons: "The seats, overall, could have been more comfortable... I have somewhat of a backache after my trip." Cons: "No ear plugs offered and my iPhone jack didn’t fit." Cons: "Delayed flight planning - would have been nice to delay the flight before boarding." Cons: "Flight was delayed almost 3 hrs. Ran out of food right before my row. I upgraded my seat but feel I got the short end of the stick." Pros: "Just a great experience Delta is still above the rest excluding Hawaiian" Cons: "Cant think of anything" Cons: "After a delay of about an hour on a very full flight the gate agent asked for volunteers to check their rollaboard suitcases. The gate agents then allowed those who checked their rollaboards to board before Zone 1,which was fine. However, a bunch of people without gate check stickers on the rollaboards were also allowed to board before Zone 1, which was aggravating. There was a long delay on the tarmac, during which we had to pull back to the gate or to a maintenance area before we finally took off. When we arrived in Vegas there was no gate for us to pull into, which led to another long delay of an already long and delayed flight." Cons: "at last minute itinerary was changed.. instead of routing through Brisbane, was now routed through Sydney. Flight from Sydney to LAX was delayed by 4 hours, then missed flight LAX to LAS... overall long delayed arrival. Checked the route through Brisbane, and those flights we're all there, departed and landed all on-time... so wondering what the reason was for the change of the itinerary without a cause (no cancel or delayed flights through Brisbane)" Cons: "Delta always has 1 or maybe 2 people checking everyone in, including the baggage drop. So, EVERYONE has to wait for one person to finish checking in the first class passenger with a thousand needs. Very poor service as is their norm." Pros: "Departing" Cons: "More than 4.5 hrs in taxi waiting to take off. Due to “few rain” and after 3.5 hrs we needed to refuel when we were about FINALLY close to our turn for take off. Horrible service by DELTA. Never flying again with them" Pros: "This was a much bigger plane so my comfort lever was better." Pros: "Boarding was fast. We arrived early." Cons: "It was too cold & they kept turning on the lights (it was a late night flight)." Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "The AC was broken - only the front half of the plane was getting it. The back half was very hot." Pros: "We had about a 45 minute weather delay but those things can't be helped. The Captain kept us informed and he flew like superman getting us through all that crazy wind coming into Las Vegas. The plane was new and clean, the crew was great. Love that wide aisle...it eliminates that sardine feeling!!" Pros: "Great crew and online customer service..." Cons: "1- Flight Behind Schedule 2- Live customer service agents are truly non-existent until 1.5hrs before ‘departure’" Pros: "Arrived on time after boarding was delayed. Great price/ you get what you pay for." Cons: "No diaper changing station in any of the 3 bathrooms.flight attendants could have been friendlier" Cons: "I am so angry booking with them. I booked the flight and then thought, ok I will add a rental car. It said clearly that the rental Car could be canceled up until 24 hours before the flight. Well, 2 weeks before the flight, my friend said, don’t get a rental car, I will have my car. So I cancelled and only then did I find out that once I booked it through their site I could not get a refund for the car and I could only get a voucher for use on one of their flights! And only after they take out any fees and costs that was accrued! So angry!" Cons: "Flight was very late. Have to pay $45 for a carry-on bag. Seats were uncomfortable and have to pay for all snacks and drinks including water." Pros: "Better than on time Smooth sailing through south bend airport!" Cons: "Just have to remember thrift airline No seat going back" Pros: "Friendly staff" Cons: "Last minute delay due to a plane malfunction. Was told very last minute. Seemed like there were no quick resolutions in play. Had to wait over three hours to fly out, doesnt that entail compensation by law?" Cons: "Cut my already short trip even shorter. I used this airline twice now, and both times I was delayed." Pros: "Flight crew were friendly." Cons: "I don’t like getting charged extra for my seat, water and to bring carry on luggage." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I was at the airport 50 mins before take off and the agent refused to give me a boarding pass" Cons: "I did not receive a confirmation e-mail from the airline 24 hours ago. When I arrived at the airport counter I did not have a seat" Pros: "Stewardess was the best ever. Very entertaining and funny. Loves her job obviously. Clean Plane Ontime Great Overall" Cons: "Hand carry luggages were paid for $65 even if were personal items only. They have a ridiculously small luggage tester that will only accommodate a hand bag. They are making us pay for unnecessary fee just to cover up the " low price fare" that they're promising. Bad customer trickery!!!!!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Worst airline I have ever flown. Delays, terrible customer service. The 800 number just continues to ring. I must have waited 30 minutes on the phone before giving up. Don't make the mistake due to their perceived low costs. I'd pay 10x if it meant flying on a different airline." Pros: "Base fare was good" Cons: "By the time you add in carry on baggage, seat selection and fees for water and food, they are really not much less than Southwest" Cons: "Cancelled my flight enroute to airport... rooty poot airline that will be out of business soon. Cost me $100 hotel deposit, would never fly w them..." Cons: "I paid $57 for my carry-on bag. Their extra fees are a complete disgrace." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "THE WORST customer service I've ever experienced. I called Spirit's corporate customer service, and they told me to go to the airport where I would be placed on a new airline and be reimbursed for the fare difference. When I first got to the ticket counter, the woman "helping" me would not even look me in the eye as she told me my only options were to wait 24 hours for the next flight, or take an $80 refund. They absolutely refused to do *ANYTHING* else to assist. Not even a hotel reiumbursement or car rental. (Keep in mind they also wanted ME to lose the hotel and car I had already pre-paid for in my destination city.) Long story short - I talked to 6 people over the course of two hours trying to sort out THEIR problem (they never explained *why* the flight was cancelled) and got conflicting information from everyone I spoke to. Nobody ever tried to anything except get me out of there and pay as little as possible. Spirit Air is definitely the worst airline I've ever dealt with, and definitely one of the top 10 worst companies anywhere I've ever dealt with. Never again!" Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Allegiant Air7.2 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Oakland to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Oakland to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/16Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 35mOAK-LAS $22 Search 1/27Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 33mOAK-LAS $23 Search 12/11Mon nonstopAllegiant Air 1h 31mOAK-LAS $37 Search 12/15Fri nonstopAllegiant Air 1h 31mOAK-LAS $53 Search 12/18Mon 1 stopDelta 4h 52mOAK-LAS $114 Search 2/27Tue 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 10h 36mOAK-LAS $117 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopDelta 5h 03mOAK-LAS $130 Search 3/3Sun 1 stopAlaska Airlines 6h 38mOAK-LAS $131 Search 12/23Sat nonstopJetBlue 1h 30mOAK-LAS $279 Search 12/16Sat nonstopJetBlue 1h 30mOAK-LAS $299 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAllegiant AirDeltaAlaska AirlinesJetBlue Search by price$20 or less$50 or less$120 or less$130 or less$300 or less Last minute flights from Oakland to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Oakland to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 32mOAK-LAS 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 40mLAS-OAK $39 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 32mOAK-LAS 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 39mLAS-OAK $60 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 33mOAK-LAS 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 40mLAS-OAK $63 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 33mOAK-LAS 12/11Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 40mLAS-OAK $64 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 33mOAK-LAS 12/8Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 34mLAS-OAK $69 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 33mOAK-LAS 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 39mLAS-OAK $76 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 1h 32mOAK-LAS 12/8Fri nonstop 1h 42mLAS-OAK $88 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 3h 53mOAK-LAS 12/8Fri multi-stopDelta 3h 45mLAS-OAK $302 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 6h 10mOAK-LAS 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 3h 50mLAS-OAK $307 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 3h 53mOAK-LAS 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 5h 33mLAS-OAK $342 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesDelta Search by price$60 or less$60 or less$80 or less$300 or less$340 or less Oakland - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Oakland (OAK)United States Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Oakland Cabin classes: First Class flights to Las Vegas Business Class flights to Las Vegas Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas $39 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Oakland $33Flights from Oakland, California to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $33Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Compare transportation modes for Oakland to Las Vegas Average price Average duration Flights $142 1h 31m Buses $226 16h 31m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Oakland. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Las Vegas from Oakland. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.