Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport C$ 53 (C̶$̶ ̶1̶1̶0̶). Calgary Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport 3515 26 Street Northeast, Calgary, AB T1Y 7E3, Canada+1 403 250 8855 From C$ 53 Cheapest rate per night 6.7 Okay based on 6,341 reviews Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Room type Provider Nightly total Superior Room C$ 53 View Deal Resort Room C$ 55 View Deal Standard Room C$ 56 View Deal 92 more Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport deals 92 more Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport deals About Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Enhanced cleaning This stay has committed to enhanced cleaning measures.Learn more Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi and Parking for free Riviera Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport provides cosy accommodation in Calgary and is within a 20-minute walk of Rundle Station. It is located a 15-minute car ride from Calgary International Airport and an airport shuttle is available for guests. Guests staying at Riviera Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport can enjoy taking a dip in the indoor pool, working out in the gym or unwinding with a drink at the bar. Relaxation facilities include a Turkish steam bath, a Jacuzzi and a sauna. The traditional rooms at the hotel have a kitchenette, a private bathroom and a refrigerator. All offer tea and coffee making facilities, heating and wireless internet access. Guests staying at the hotel can sit down to a unique dining experience at the on-site restaurant, conveniently based for those who want to stay close when looking for a bite to eat. Room service is also available at certain times. The area surrounding Riviera Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport has a range of cafés and restaurants. Calgary Zoo, University Of Calgary and Downtown Calgary are an easy drive away. Read more Photos of Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Building 1/31 Restaurant 2/31 Restaurant 3/31 Building 4/31 Building 5/31 Banquet hall 6/31 Bedroom 7/31 Bathroom 8/31 Bar 9/31 Pool 10/31 Front desk 11/31 Living room 12/31 Bedroom 13/31 Gym 14/31 Bedroom 15/31 Bedroom 16/31 Bedroom 17/31 Bedroom 18/31 Bedroom 19/31 Outdoors view 20/31 Bedroom 21/31 Bathroom 22/31 Building 23/31 Pool 24/31 Pool 25/31 Bathroom 26/31 Pool 27/31 Bathroom 28/31 Bathroom 29/31 Living room 30/31 Pool 31/31 All photos(31) Bedroom(8) Bathroom(5) Pool(5) Building(4) View all photos Latest deals for Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests King room See amenities C$ 68 View deal C$ 71 View deal C$ 73 View deal Show 10 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 59 View deal C$ 60 View deal C$ 66 View deal Show 8 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 56 View deal C$ 60 View deal C$ 60 View deal Show 10 more deals Superior Room See amenities C$ 53 View deal C$ 64 View deal C$ 65 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 80 View deal C$ 96 View deal C$ 97 View deal Show 2 more deals Resort Room See amenities C$ 55 View deal C$ 58 View deal C$ 68 View deal *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Indoor pool Fitness centre Restaurant Bar/Lounge Room service Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Coffee machine Free parking Wi-Fi available in all areas Health and safety Daily housekeeping Face masks for guests available Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces First-aid kit Enhanced cleaning Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Basics Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Fire extinguisher Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Air-conditioned Free Wi-Fi Linens Towels Shampoo Body soap Trash cans Conditioner General Window Family rooms Interconnected room(s) available Storage available Fireplace Seating area Sofa Soundproofing Telephone Carpeted City view Bathroom Hairdryer Private bathroom Shower Shower cap Bathtub Spa bath Toilet Toilet paper Services and conveniences ATM on-site Wake-up service Meeting/Banquet facilities Room service Key card access Express check-out 24hr front desk Smoking rooms available Accessibility and suitability No smoking Designated smoking area Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Disabled Access Elevator Accessible by elevator Upper floors accessible by elevator Kitchen Kitchenette Microwave Tea/coffee maker Refrigerator Coffee machine Pool and spa Hot tub Indoor pool Steam room Sauna Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV Radio TV Dining Restaurant Bar/Lounge Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Parking and transportation Free parking Private parking Airport shuttle Bedroom Socket near the bed Alarm clock Clothes rack Laundry Laundry service Iron and ironing board Workspace Fax/photocopying Desk Outdoor Garden Things to do Gift shop Family friendly Kids meals Fitness Fitness centre Show all 97 amenities Reviews of Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport 6.7 OkayBased on 6,341 verified guest reviews 6.9Solo 6.2Families 6.8Couples 6.6Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention room was cleanfree breakfaststaff were friendlygreat locationfront deskgranola barbed was comfortablegood value for moneyclose to the airportfree shuttle to airporthot tubshuttle servicefriendly staffroom was dirtysecurity deposit Traveler rating: Poor (174) Mediocre (52) Fair (72) Okay (68) Good (94) Very good (121) Wonderful (163) Sort by: Newest first A 9.7 Wonderful Anonymous, Sep. 2020 Cons:Cleanliness A 5.7 Fair Anonymous, Jan. 2019 Pros:It’s a fair price for value. Beds are fairly comfortable Cons:They seem to have trouble with shuttles. Not adequate space for amount of people and luggage. The green carpets really need to be replaced. A 8.0 Very good Anonymous, Dec. 2018 Pros:shuttle included to and from the airport Cons:Not a thing! J 10.0 Wonderful Jaclyn, Nov. 2018 Pros:Friendly staff. Cons:Parking lot is a little dark. A 2.0 Poor Anonymous, Sep. 2018 Pros:Proximity to the airport Cons:There was a wedding/event on the first floor the night of our stay. Our room was on the third floor. We heard music and felt vibrations from the bass late into the night and couldn't get to sleep. The front desk did nothing. For a hotel that advertises its proximity to the airport, this was ridiculous for travellers that need to wake up early for morning flights. I heard other guests complaining in the hallway as well. I don't expect much, but I'd have been better off at a Motel 6 or in my car than this. I e-mailed a complaint directly to the hotel afterward but got no response. A 9.1 Wonderful Anonymous, Aug. 2018 Pros:Beds are comfy, bathroom was kept clean, location was near tim hortons, McDonalds, and shopping centers which was great Cons:The cleaning staff knocked on our door about 3 times per day between 9am - 11am before we left the room to see if they could clean, could hear vacuum in hall by 9am, We weren't allowed to check in until 3pm, but then people walked up right after us and checked in no problem, I understand we may have been assigned a room but I'm sure there could have been a way to accommodate us as I had driven through the night to get there and wanted to sleep before my festival which started at 3. A 8.0 Very good Anonymous, Jun. 2018 Pros:Good amenities and value. A 9.4 Wonderful Anonymous, May 2018 Pros:I like location very good hotel Cons:But I like breakfast but breakfast is not upto that mark A 7.4 Good Anonymous, Feb. 2018 Pros:I was upgraded from a queen size room to a king size room for free, so there was plenty of space and the room itself had a nice modern finish. Cons:One week later I haven’t received my $50 damage deposit back yet and I don’t have a Canadian number from which to call them. Could kayak contact them on my behalf? A 8.0 Very good Anonymous, Jan. 2017 Pros:They have a great stay,park and fly package. Location 3515 26 Street Northeast, Calgary, AB T1Y 7E3 What's nearby Aero Space Museum of Calgary1.6 km Calgary Zoo4.6 km Fort Calgary5.5 km Prince's Island Park5.9 km Wonderland Sculpture6 km Glenbow Museum6.2 km Calgary Tower6.3 km Scotiabank Saddledome6.4 km Peace Bridge6.6 km TELUS Spark7.5 km Nose Hill Park8.3 km The Military Museums11.4 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Low season February High season August Average price (weeknight) C$ 71 Average price (weekend night) C$ 91 Cheapest month to stay with an average 25% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 16% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport If you’re after a cheap room at Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in February and May. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport, plan to stay on a Monday or Saturday. The most expensive day is usually Friday. The cheapest price a room at Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 75, while the most expensive was C$ 75. How long should you stay at Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 2 days. FAQs when booking at Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Where is Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport located? Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport is located at 3515 26 Street Northeast, 6.4 km from the centre of Calgary. Aero Space Museum of Calgary is the closest landmark to Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport. When is check-in time and check-out time at Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport. Does Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport offers free Wi-Fi. Does Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport offer free parking? Yes, Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport offers free parking. How far is Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport from the airport? Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport is 5.2 km from Calgary. Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport is 122.5 km from Red Deer. Does Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport have a pool? Yes, Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport in Calgary and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport. Nearby hotels and places to stay ClosestSee more nearby stays 3-star hotel Riviera Hotel Calgary Airport0.01 kmWi-FiC$ 67+ 4-star hotel Sheraton Cavalier Calgary Hotel8.2 Excellent (634 reviews)0.31 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 178+ 3-star hotel Comfort Inn & Suites Airport South7.2 Good (839 reviews)0.49 kmAdults only, Indoor pool, Fitness centreC$ 98+ 3-star hotel Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Calgary-Airport8.1 Excellent (347 reviews)0.54 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, Room serviceC$ 135+ CheapestSee cheapest stays in Calgary 3-star hotel Riviera Hotel Calgary Airport0.01 kmWi-FiC$ 67+ 2-star hotel Emerald Hotel & Suites Calgary Airport5.4 Okay (3,410 reviews)0.72 kmRestaurant, Room service, Tea/coffee makerC$ 72+ 2-star hotel Super 8 by Wyndham Calgary/Airport6.8 Good (1,148 reviews)0.57 kmWi-Fi, Tea/coffee maker, Business centreC$ 90+ 2-star hotel Days Inn by Wyndham, Calgary Airport7.5 Good (1,504 reviews)1.34 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, Room serviceC$ 93+ Most recommendedSee most recommended stays in Calgary 3-star hotel Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Airport8.8 Excellent (89 reviews)1.34 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 195+ 3-star hotel Courtyard by Marriott Calgary Airport8.5 Excellent (237 reviews)1.34 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 189+ 3-star hotel Element Calgary Airport8.3 Excellent (417 reviews)1.38 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, Bar/LoungeC$ 125+ 4-star hotel Sheraton Cavalier Calgary Hotel8.2 Excellent (634 reviews)0.31 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 178+ Good to know Value for money 7.6 Distance to downtown 6.4 km Nearest Airport Calgary Distance to airport 4.7 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in Canada Hotels in Alberta Calgary Hotels Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Top Hotel Destinations Sunny Isles Beach Hotels Penticton Hotels Edmonton Hotels Naples Hotels Muscat Hotels Tokyo Hotels Niagara Falls Hotels Québec City Hotels Mumbai Hotels Playa del Carmen Hotels Puerto Morelos Hotels Toronto Hotels Reykjavik Hotels Medellín Hotels Medicine Hat Hotels Banff hotels Canmore hotels Jasper hotels Lake Louise hotels Red Deer hotels Hinton hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport discounts in Calgary with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport in Calgary. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport that suits you best. C$ 67 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.