Cheap Flights from Washington Dulles to Manila from $383 | (IAD - MNL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW IAD - MNL Find cheap flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Manila from $383 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/11. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Manila These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Washington, D.C. to Manila. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Washington, D.C. to Manila. How much is the cheapest flight from Dulles Intl to Manila?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dulles Intl to Manila that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:10 pm - 1:50 pmIAD-MNL 29h 40m1 stop 3:40 pm - 3:45 pmMNL-IAD 36h 05m1 stop $696SAUDIA Find Deal Sat, Mar 2 - Sun, Mar 17 7:10 pm - 1:50 pmIAD-MNL 29h 40m1 stop 3:40 pm - 3:45 pmMNL-IAD 36h 05m1 stop $708SAUDIA Find Deal Sat, Mar 2 - Sun, Mar 17 7:10 pm - 9:00 pmIAD-MNL 36h 50m1 stop 11:00 pm - 3:05 pmMNL-IAD 28h 05m1 stop $709SAUDIA Find Deal Tue, Mar 5 - Tue, Apr 16 7:10 pm - 1:50 pmIAD-MNL 29h 40m1 stop 3:40 pm - 3:45 pmMNL-IAD 36h 05m1 stop $717SAUDIA Find Deal Sat, Feb 17 - Sun, Mar 10 10:20 pm - 8:50 pmIAD-MNL 34h 30m1 stop 5:00 am - 7:55 pmMNL-IAD 26h 55m1 stop $876Turkish Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 16 - Thu, May 9 9:40 pm - 6:10 pmIAD-MNL 31h 30m1 stop 5:00 am - 7:55 pmMNL-IAD 26h 55m1 stop $944Turkish Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 28 - Tue, May 21 4:35 pm - 12:10 amIAD-MNL 42h 35m2 stops 6:20 am - 2:10 pmMNL-IAD 20h 50m1 stop $1,003Air China Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Tue, Feb 20 4:35 pm - 1:25 amIAD-MNL 43h 50m3 stops 6:20 am - 2:10 pmMNL-IAD 20h 50m1 stop $1,029Air China Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Tue, Feb 20 7:10 pm - 1:50 pmIAD-MNL 29h 40m1 stop 3:40 am - 4:44 pmMNL-IAD 26h 04m2 stops $1,092 Find Deal Sat, Feb 24 - Fri, Mar 8 7:10 pm - 9:00 pmIAD-MNL 36h 50m1 stop 3:40 am - 5:50 amMNL-IAD 38h 10m2 stops $1,099 Find Deal Sun, Mar 3 - Sat, Mar 16 Show more results Flights from Dulles Intl to Manila - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dulles Intl to Manila to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Manila? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Manila is September, where tickets cost $987 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,922 and $1,797 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Manila? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Manila, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 81 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Manila? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on SAUDIA ($383) and Etihad Airways ($728). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on SAUDIA ($696) and Turkish Airlines ($876). How long does a flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Manila take? There are no direct flights for this route listed on KAYAK. The shortest multi-flight duration is 28h 03m. Good to know Low season August High season December Cheapest flight $383 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 10% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 33% increase in price. Flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Manila When to book flights from Dulles Intl to Manila Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dulles Intl to Manila based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Washington Dulles Airport to Manila flights Where can I sleep at Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL)? There's a passenger's lodging facility in Terminal 1 with nine air-conditioned rooms available for rent. The 3X3m rooms feature bed and shower facilities. In Terminal 3, the Wings Transit Lounge features 17 cabins, one of which is a family cabin. These are available for rent by the hour, and some facilities include showers, a spa, and a massage area. Renting these rooms includes a light meal. What are the transport options from Ninoy Aquino International Airport? MNL has two forms of public transport, the bus and metro rail. Those traveling downtown can take the EDSA-MIA buses outside Terminals 1 and 2. If you're looking to take the train, take the free airport shuttle to the Metro Rail Transit station, where you can take the train downtown. Taxis are also available outside the terminal buildings, and you're advised to take only official, metered, pre-booked taxis from MNL. Car rentals are also an option for those looking to self-drive, and Alamo, Budget, National, Avis, Budget, and Europcar have counters at MNL. What family services are offered at Ninoy Aquino International Airport? MNL has provided nursing rooms in each terminal. These include cribs, bottle warmers, playpens, baby formula, diapers, and more. They offer private spaces where nursing mothers can breastfeed. The airport also provided family washrooms with baby changing facilities. Passengers with older kids will love the Kiddies Traveler's Lounges at MNL. There's one in each terminal, and these lounges offer playhouses, toys, books, slides, and kid's programs. What accessible services are available at Washington Dulles International Airport? Passengers can coordinate with their airline to have a wheelchair at IAD during their visit. Bathrooms at IAD are fully accessible, with restrooms for people with limited mobility. You will find TDD telephones for the hard of hearing in all terminals and lobbies. Elevators and ramps have been provided for access to higher levels, and elevators feature braille-coded buttons for passengers with low vision. Airport shuttles are equipped with wheelchair lifts, and there are reserved parking spaces for special needs passengers. Do I need a passport to fly between Washington Dulles Airport and Manila? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from Washington Dulles Airport to Manila? When flying out of Washington Dulles Airport you will be using Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl. You will be landing at Manila, also known as Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Washington Dulles Airport to Manila? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Manila? SkyTeam, Star Alliance, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Washington Dulles Airport and Manila, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Manila from Washington Dulles Airport? Incheon is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Washington Dulles Airport to Manila. Which is the best airline for flights from Washington, D.C. to Manila, Korean Air or ANA? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Washington, D.C. to Manila are Korean Air and ANA. With an average price for the route of $1,873 and an overall rating of 8.7, Korean Air is the most popular choice. ANA is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,800 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Manila? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Manila. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Washington Dulles Airport to Manila? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Manila from Washington Dulles Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Manila? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Manila with an airline and back to Washington Dulles Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Washington Dulles Airport and MNL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Manila? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Manila from Washington Dulles Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from IAD to Manila Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) has one main terminal with two concourses. For easy movement through the airport complex, IAD has a free shuttle, walkways, and the AeroTrain. Around 4,413 kg of carbon is emitted per passenger on flights from Washington to Manila. Fly more sustainably with Korean Air, whose flights emit 48% less carbon per passenger. Pets are welcome to visit and travel through IAD. They should, however, remain in their kennels while at IAD. The airport has provided outdoor pet relief areas at Door 1, Door 16, outside baggage claim, and airside around Gates A32 and D1. Relax at airline lounges at IAD before your ultra-long-haul flight to Manila. British Airways, Turkish Airways, Lufthansa, United Airlines, Virgin Atlantic, and Air France have pay-at-the-door lounges at IAD that you can access by paying and showing your flight ticket. Flights from Washington to Manila include at least one stop, usually in the Gulf. The most common layover cities are Abu Dhabi, Doha, and Dubai. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Dulles Intl to Manila See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Washington, D.C. to Manila. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dulles Intl to Manila? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Korean AirOverall score based on 5074 reviews 88boarding 84food 88overall 86comfort 90crew 85entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Korean Airlines now definitely ranks on best airlines to travel internationally. Great legroom, good food, and a terrific cabin crew who was helpful and kind."Read more about Korean Air Pros: "Korean Airlines now definitely ranks on best airlines to travel internationally. Great legroom, good food, and a terrific cabin crew who was helpful and kind." Pros: "Everything was great!" Cons: "Some announcements were only made in Korean. Would have been nice to have it in English for international flight." Pros: "Nice, clean efficient. Comfort was good." Cons: "The crew was great but pretty impersonal. Not a great selection of movies." Pros: "Wouldn’t allow me to board with no explanation and the third party company Flyus.com is a complete rip off" Cons: "Use better companies to book your tickets" Pros: "The crew, as always, was super professional, friendly, helpful, and efficient. The plane was neat and clean, I was pleasantly surprised with personal items like tooth paste, tooth brush, and slippers. And I was thrilled that you served wine with food as well. That goes a long way!" Cons: "I didn’t rate comfort and food as “excellent” as I did other items not because they were not great, but flying on an economy class for 14.5 hours, I can’t force myself to speak too highly about these two items, which doesn’t necessarily reflect my flight experience or Korean Air quality!" Pros: "The music of kpop" Cons: "Would have been good if there’s more korean drama available on the trip and some kimbap food too" Pros: "Preference given for those requiring extra help boarding" Cons: "Very narrow seats with very very limited leg room. I’m only 5’4” tall and had no leg room. My sister is 5’11” and had leg cramps from the 4.5 hour flight because of the lack of leg room. Probably time to replace this plane." Pros: "Nice bathhroom size" Cons: "I dont like the 2x seating in business, seats are not up to what they should be, i was glad it was a short flight" Pros: "The crew was great. The technology is great. I enjoyed the movies." Cons: "I wish I had more water." Cons: "I would have given a 5 Stars for comfort if the cabin temperature is at least cooler not dry. Please please look into it." The flight was canceled due to a mechanical problem. The rebooked flights were snot good. Many complexities. Will not use a third party booking again. Pros: "The 787 is fantastic. First class feels in the economy. The food offering is also first class. Service is amazing." Cons: "Serve the cold soba for all meals. :) Love it." Pros: "Everything was great. The crew was nice and the food was pretty good." Cons: "Everything was great." Cons: "Food was great, flight attendant were very friendly and helpful and eager to make sure I was comfortable, ANA rocks as a awesome carrier; my goto airline when it’s time to cross the pacific again" Pros: "The crew was wonderful. Polite and professional. The meals were very good for economy class." Cons: "The seats felt like there was no padding in the seat. The back was fine." Pros: "The crew was amazing. They were all very nice to us." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "The seats were substantially more cramped than the other flight." Pros: "Crews are very helpful and always have a smile in their face. Comfortable seats and entertainment system are very nice. The only thing that makes us not satisfied was the food, for 10 hours flight there’s only 1 main dish...Totally I like their service." Cons: "The food was not enough, we felt so hungry before arriving." Cons: "Fellow passenger didn't stay in his space , would prefer flight attendant to inform kindly" Pros: "The stewardesses were kind and courteous, attending to every need with a smile." Cons: "Not vegan/vegetarian options for meals. Also if you are able to upgrade from economy seating, do so! Your legs will thank you for it. L" Pros: "We had to come home 2 weeks early due to the virus, and Singapore airlines were brilliant at changing the flights. Even got upgraded to the extra leg room for free" Cons: "The extra leg room seats were naff, I like getting comfy in a chair and these ones were not. The screen was too far away and the arm rests didn’t move. Also, due to my partner having to swap seats, I was sat on my own next to strangers. They slept the whole way, so the crew never disturbed them meaning I missed out on food and drinks, even when asked" Cons: "We missed the smile and quality service liked before. Food quality is just okay. Timeliness for departure/arrival was excellent." Cons: "Flat bed in business class was disappointing. No way anyone taller than 6’ could stretch out. Overall, it was an inferior experience to business class on Cathay Pacific, which sets the standard IMO." Pros: "The crew was lackluster; unusual for Singapore Airlines. Tall individuals will not like the business class seats." Pros: "Cabin crew knew how to work." Cons: "So surprisingly, the cabin was dirty and the seat comfort was below expectation." Cons: "Transit time is way too tight. You need at least 2 hrs in between to account for landing and transfer time between terminals" Pros: "The crew werr very helpful and patient and so many languages they knew. Impressive they need a raise" Cons: "The seats were uncomfortable I slept 30 min at a time on my 14hr flight. The food is nice but a bit bland the first time its amazing but after more than 2 planes mix it up plz" Pros: "Crew" Cons: "Short and sweet. Flight left on time and landed about 15 mins early. Crew was wonderful" Cons: "Singapore airlines use their antique aged flights for services to chc.unconfortable and a poor in-flight entertainment system" Pros: "As a frequent flyer, I have found out that the few dollars i spend more on SQ is well worth it" Cons: "The food was terrible. Only one option and I didn't like it." Pros: "Was amazed because of the Hello Kitty theme in the plane , very friendly staff very worth trip" Cons: "Nothing everything went well" Pros: "nothing" Cons: "airport personells are rude and lazy. airline seats are very unconfortable. flight attendants not very a comodating to seniors like me" Pros: "Despite the short flight, they still served a delicious meal! Great movie and music selections. Would definitely fly them again." Cons: "The only thing that was not the greatest, I think was the ground crew in Manila. It took an unusually long time to get my luggage." Pros: "Pleasant friendly crew. Clean bathrooms." Cons: "Entertainment choices seem to be limited compared to the long haul international flight." Cons: "I didn’t like the last meal that they served. It’s fish fillet with tomato sauce and no other option." Pros: "Was quite nice for a two hour flight. They gave us a free meal again." Cons: "Nothing I didn't like." Pros: "I liked their services the most. All staff and crew were very courteous." Pros: "Got upgraded to their absolutely amazing first (laurel) class. Royal treatment with a smile." Cons: "Food is served in heated plastic containers. I would request Qatar airways not heat the food in the plastic container." Pros: "Attentive and friendly crew, leg room" Cons: "Need to serve better food in economy. There is a little more legroom in economy compared to other airlines, however, the seats are tight. They are not wide enough. Need better movie selection." Pros: "My FA from IAH to DOH was outstanding. She made sure I was comfortable the whole flight" Pros: "Yes overall probably the best flight to Chennai from DC" Pros: "Justfly stoled my money as i booked for seat and paid 30$ And the seat didnt booked I want my money to be returned" Pros: "All the crews are awesome and very helpful, especially to the parents with young kid." Cons: "More variety and quality of food" Pros: "The service was great! I slept almost the whole way in economy and was very comfortable!" Pros: "Qsuite is the best flight experience I've ever had by a long, long way." Cons: "The flight got delayed which caused me to miss my connection flight. I was at the gate of my connection flight 5 minutes before the departure, however, they did not let me in. They transferred my flight and now I have to wait 24 hours for the next flight." Pros: "The flight from Doha to Beirut was not fully booked, we could move easily." Cons: "I have requested seafood for my meals. Unfortunately I was told that no such request was mentioned on the list as special meal. Overall the food was okay, we had 2 small pieces of beef in one meal, the two salads has no taste and the sandwich was too salty. A passenger who sat next to my husband snored all the time and leaned a bit over my husband as he was heavy." Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 Qatar Airways8.2 Book cheap flights from Washington, D.C. to Manila Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Washington, D.C. to Manila found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/11Sun 1 stopSAUDIA 36h 50mIAD-MNL $383 Search 2/24Sat 1 stopSAUDIA 29h 40mIAD-MNL $396 Search 2/6Tue 1 stopEtihad Airways 28h 55mIAD-MNL $728 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopTurkish Airlines 40h 40mIAD-MNL $815 Search 4/10Wed 1 stopEtihad Airways 36h 45mIAD-MNL $819 Search 4/6Sat 1 stopTurkish Airlines 32h 50mIAD-MNL $855 Search 1/14Sun 1 stopQatar Airways 22h 35mIAD-MNL $985 Search 4/5Fri 1 stopQatar Airways 31h 50mIAD-MNL $1,134 Search 12/25Mon 1 stopKorean Air 34h 05mIAD-MNL $1,308 Search 12/11Mon 1 stopKorean Air 34h 05mIAD-MNL $1,431 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSAUDIAEtihad AirwaysTurkish AirlinesQatar AirwaysKorean Air Search by price$400 or less$820 or less$860 or less$1,130 or less$1,430 or less Last minute flights from Dulles Intl to Manila Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Washington, D.C. to Manila that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopAir China 42h 35mIAD-MNL 12/16Sat multi-stopAir China 20h 50mMNL-IAD $996 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAir China 43h 50mIAD-MNL 12/9Sat multi-stopAir China 20h 50mMNL-IAD $1,016 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAir China 43h 50mIAD-MNL 12/16Sat multi-stopAir China 20h 50mMNL-IAD $1,023 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 35h 40mIAD-MNL 12/28Thu multi-stopTurkish Airlines 26h 30mMNL-IAD $1,686 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopTurkish Airlines 40h 40mIAD-MNL 12/12Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 44h 10mMNL-IAD $1,699 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopQatar Airways 40h 55mIAD-MNL 12/4Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 34h 25mMNL-IAD $1,989 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopKorean Air 34h 05mIAD-MNL 1/23Tue multi-stopKorean Air 34h 20mMNL-IAD $2,268 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopKorean Air 20h 50mIAD-MNL 12/5Tue multi-stopKorean Air 23h 30mMNL-IAD $2,304 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopANA 24h 50mIAD-MNL 1/17Wed multi-stopANA 31h 30mMNL-IAD $2,436 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopANA 24h 50mIAD-MNL 1/19Fri multi-stopANA 31h 30mMNL-IAD $2,491 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir ChinaTurkish AirlinesQatar AirwaysKorean AirANA Search by price$1,020 or less$1,690 or less$1,990 or less$2,300 or less$2,490 or less Washington Dulles Airport - Manila Flights Departure: Washington Dulles Airport (IAD)United States Destination: Manila (MNL)Philippines Return flight deals: Manila - Washington Dulles Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Manila Business Class flights to Manila Prem Econ Class flights to Manila Economy Class flights to Manila Browse origins: Flights » United States » District of Columbia » Washington, D.C. » Washington Dulles Airport $696Flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Manila Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Philippines » Manila $708Flights to Manila, Manila Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Manila flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Manila from Washington Dulles Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Manila from Washington Dulles Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.