Cheap Flights from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson from C$ 43 | (YXX - YYZ) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YXX - YYZ Find cheap flights from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport from C$ 43 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 10/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Toronto Pearson Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Abbotsford to Toronto, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Abbotsford to Toronto, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Abbotsford to Pearson Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Abbotsford to Pearson Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:05 p.m. - 6:35 a.m.YXX-YYZ 4h 30mdirect 8:10 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YYZ-YXX 5h 10mdirect C$ 87Flair Airlines Find Deal Sun, 21 Jan - Sat, 27 Jan 11:05 p.m. - 6:35 a.m.YXX-YYZ 4h 30mdirect 8:10 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YYZ-YXX 5h 10mdirect C$ 90Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Sun, 11 Feb 11:05 p.m. - 6:35 a.m.YXX-YYZ 4h 30mdirect 8:10 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YYZ-YXX 5h 10mdirect C$ 91Flair Airlines Find Deal Sat, 20 Jan - Sat, 27 Jan 11:05 p.m. - 6:35 a.m.YXX-YYZ 4h 30mdirect 8:10 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YYZ-YXX 5h 10mdirect C$ 92Flair Airlines Find Deal Sat, 20 Jan - Mon, 12 Feb 11:05 p.m. - 6:35 a.m.YXX-YYZ 4h 30mdirect 8:10 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YYZ-YXX 5h 10mdirect C$ 95Flair Airlines Find Deal Tue, 19 Mar - Tue, 26 Mar 11:05 p.m. - 6:35 a.m.YXX-YYZ 4h 30mdirect 8:10 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YYZ-YXX 5h 10mdirect C$ 97Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 9 Feb - Sun, 11 Feb 11:05 p.m. - 6:35 a.m.YXX-YYZ 4h 30mdirect 8:10 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YYZ-YXX 5h 10mdirect C$ 99Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Sat, 27 Jan 11:05 p.m. - 6:35 a.m.YXX-YYZ 4h 30mdirect 8:10 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YYZ-YXX 5h 10mdirect C$ 101Flair Airlines Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 7:15 p.m. - 6:43 a.m.YXX-YYZ 8h 28m1 stop 8:10 p.m. - 10:20 p.m.YYZ-YXX 5h 10mdirect C$ 179 Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Wed, 17 Jan 11:50 a.m. - 10:48 p.m.YXX-YYZ 7h 58m1 stop 6:00 p.m. - 12:13 a.m.YYZ-YXX 9h 13m1 stop C$ 267WestJet Find Deal Sat, 13 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan Show more results Flights from Abbotsford to Pearson Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Abbotsford to Pearson Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is January, where tickets cost C$ 201 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and August, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 437 and C$ 396 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 90 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Flair Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at C$ 43. KAYAK users also found Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport round-trip flights on Flair Airlines from C$ 118 and on WestJet from C$ 362. Which airlines fly direct between Abbotsford and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. There is just one airline that flies from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport direct and that is Flair Airlines. The best one-way deal found from Flair Airlines for the route is C$ 112. How many flights are there between Abbotsford and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Abbotsford and lands in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 4h 30m. The most common departure time is 11:00 p.m. and most flights take off at night. Each week, there are 5 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Abbotsford and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport take? A direct flight to Toronto Pearson Airport will take on average 4h 30m to travel the 5,291 km flying distance from Abbotsford. What’s the earliest departure time from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Abbotsford at 11:05 pm and will be landing in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 6:35 am. What’s the latest departure time from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport jets off at 11:05 pm and lands at 6:35 am. Good to know Low season February High season August Cheapest flight C$ 43 Best time to beat the crowds (44% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (45% more expensive on average) Flight from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport When to book flights from Abbotsford to Pearson Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Abbotsford to Pearson Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport flights Are there flights with stops from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson International Airport? Several airlines offer flights with layovers, including Swoop, Porter Airlines, Flair Airlines, and Lynx Air, which make stops at the Edmonton airport (YEG). Alternatively, WestJet has a layover in Calgary (YYC), while United Airlines makes stops at Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD). Is travel insurance recommended for flights on this route? When you book a flight with Swoop, you'll receive complimentary travel insurance at no extra cost. Unlike other airlines on this route, Swoop includes travel insurance as part of your booking, ensuring you're covered for trip cancellation or interruption, emergency medical expenses, baggage loss or delay, and a variety of unforeseen circumstances. Are there any options for upgrading to business class or premium economy? Most airlines allow travelers to upgrade to business class or premium economy after booking. With WestJet, you can get a free upgrade when you purchase the EconoFlex fare. To be considered for an upgrade, you will need to submit your offer for upgrade at least 75 hours before your departure. Can I bring my pet on the flight from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson International Airport? Yes, you can bring your pet on your flight from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson. WestJet allows chinchillas, hedgehogs, cats, birds, dogs, and rabbits to travel as checked baggage in the cabin. For entry into Canada, you’ll need to ensure your cats and dogs have a valid rabies vaccination. Flair Airlines allows pets to travel in the cabin, though they must be securely held in a ventilated, leak-proof, soft-sided, airline-approved pet carrier. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport? Air Canada, American Airlines, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport? There are direct flights from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Abbotsford to Toronto, WestJet or Flair Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Abbotsford to Toronto are WestJet and Flair Airlines. With an average price for the route of C$ 454 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Flair Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 268 and an overall rating of 6.4. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Toronto Pearson Airport from Abbotsford is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Toronto Pearson Airport with an airline and back to Abbotsford with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Toronto Pearson Airport from Abbotsford up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Abbotsford to Toronto Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 150 or less one-way and C$ 186 or less round-trip. If you fly from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson International Airport, you will most likely fly from Abbotsford International Airport (YXX) when you depart. Abbotsford International Airport is the main airport in Abbotsford, processing airlines like Swoop, WestJet, Flair Airlines, and WestJet Encore. If you need some relaxation after your flight, you will be happy to know that YYZ hosts numerous airline lounges. Lounges include Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge, located in Terminals 1 & 3; Air Canada Signature Suite in Terminal 1; KLM Crown Lounge in Terminal 3; and the American Airlines Admirals Club in Terminal 3. For a personalized and specially tailored experience at Toronto Pearson International Airport, we recommend booking Lynx Air, which has a dedicated location in Terminal 1 at YYZ. Terminal 3 in YYZ is host to the Flair Airlines lounge, which provides amenities specific to the airline's brand. You will also enjoy shorter walking distances, as gates are clustered in the terminal specific to where the airline tends to board. If you’re traveling with family, choose WestJet for a seamless family travel experience. They offer family pre-boarding, gate-checking for strollers and kids’ car seats, and the option to pre-book seats to ensure you sit next to your kids. Flying WestJet is smart, since children under two can travel for free if seated on a parent’s lap. The average amount of CO2 emissions per person for the Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson flight is approximately 1,352 kg (about 3,000 lbs). To fly eco-friendly, choose airlines like Flair Airlines, WestJet, Swoop, and Lynx Air that all use fuel-efficient aircraft and implement practices to reduce their carbon footprint. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Abbotsford to Pearson Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Tuesday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Wednesday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Thursday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Friday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Saturday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Sunday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Toronto Pearson Intl to Abbotsford Search flights Monday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Tuesday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Wednesday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Thursday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Friday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Saturday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Sunday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top airlines flying from Abbotsford to Pearson Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Abbotsford to Toronto. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Abbotsford to Pearson Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9260 reviews 77comfort 71food 80overall 81boarding 84crew 70entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Very little" Cons: "Rough weather. Stopped delivering water and snacks. Seat belt off and no attempt to continue water and snacks for 20 minutes. Then started back at front again to those who had already been served once. When got to me no snacks offered. Had to ask."Read more about WestJet Pros: "Very little" Cons: "Rough weather. Stopped delivering water and snacks. Seat belt off and no attempt to continue water and snacks for 20 minutes. Then started back at front again to those who had already been served once. When got to me no snacks offered. Had to ask." Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)" Pros: "The crew was wonderful. Boarding was orderly and there was enough overhead space on this full flight. Even though the flight left later than schedule it was not a terrible delay. The overall experience was the opposite of my last flight on West Jet." Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy" Pros: "Good legroom in premium economy, power outlets at all seats" Cons: "WiFi speed was terrible" Cons: "Delays left us in the plane for almost 1 1/2 hours before leaving Toronto." Pros: "Nothing really." Cons: "The lady at the checkin desk volunteered me to check my carry on and told me that she would charge me if I didn’t comply. ( there was more than enough room on the plane for me to store it). The plane wreaked of poo the whole flight and it gave me a head ache, which my Tylenol was in my carry on that the lady forced me to check. And the flight was only supposed to be delayed 15 min, and we didn’t take off until 45 min later, which made us miss our connection. Very disappointing service/ flight from WestJet!" Pros: "The crew was friendly and although the aircraft was small, it was very comfortable!" Cons: "There was no in--flight entertainment and only drinks and cookies for food." Cons: "For some reason, the return was in Hamilton not Toronto. Unfortunately, I noticed after I paid. Not sure why the flight wasn't from Toronto." Pros: "Easy boarding, friendly crew" Cons: "Food cart passed us because we had our head down... they must have thought we were sleeping, gum stuck in magazine, the amount of ads before watching a show" Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Abbotsford to Toronto Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Abbotsford to Toronto found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 10/2Sat directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ C$ 32 Search 10/2Sat directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ C$ 33 Search 25/1Thu directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ C$ 36 Search 26/1Fri directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ C$ 39 Search 27/1Sat directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ C$ 42 Search 9/2Fri directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ C$ 47 Search 10/1Wed 1 stop 11h 53mYXX-YYZ C$ 86 Search 10/1Wed 1 stopWestJet 8h 08mYXX-YYZ C$ 118 Search 14/1Sun 1 stopWestJet 8h 08mYXX-YYZ C$ 131 Search 11/1Thu 1 stopWestJet 7h 45mYXX-YYZ C$ 138 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesWestJet Search by priceC$ 30 or lessC$ 40 or lessC$ 50 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 140 or less Last minute flights from Abbotsford to Pearson Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Abbotsford to Toronto that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ 27/1Sat directFlair Airlines 5h 10mYYZ-YXX C$ 165 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ 27/1Sat multi-stopFlair Airlines 11h 05mYYZ-YXX C$ 229 Search 4/12Mon direct 4h 30mYXX-YYZ 27/1Sat multi-stop 11h 13mYYZ-YXX C$ 263 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ 11/12Mon directFlair Airlines 5h 10mYYZ-YXX C$ 266 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ 6/12Wed directFlair Airlines 5h 10mYYZ-YXX C$ 275 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ 6/12Wed directFlair Airlines 5h 10mYYZ-YXX C$ 280 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 4h 30mYXX-YYZ 7/12Thu directFlair Airlines 5h 10mYYZ-YXX C$ 283 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 9h 23mYXX-YYZ 11/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 7h 12mYYZ-YXX C$ 394 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 16h 03mYXX-YYZ 7/12Thu multi-stopWestJet 7h 24mYYZ-YXX C$ 421 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopWestJet 25h 03mYXX-YYZ 8/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 28h 57mYYZ-YXX C$ 521 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesWestJet Search by priceC$ 230 or lessC$ 270 or lessC$ 280 or lessC$ 390 or lessC$ 520 or less Abbotsford - Toronto Pearson Airport Flights Departure: Abbotsford (YXX)Canada Destination: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Return flight deals: Toronto Pearson Airport - Abbotsford Cabin classes: First Class flights to Toronto Business Class flights to Toronto Prem Econ Class flights to Toronto C$ 105 Economy Class flights to Toronto Browse origins: Flights » Canada » British Columbia » Abbotsford C$ 122Flights from Abbotsford to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 122Flights to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, Toronto Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Kelowna Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Ottawa Flights to Yellowknife Flights to Kamloops Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Toronto Pearson Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Toronto Pearson Airport from Abbotsford. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Toronto Pearson Airport from Abbotsford. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.