Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore) from $350 | (SFO - BLR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - BLR Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore) from $350 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/23. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Bengaluru (Bangalore) These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Bengaluru. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Bengaluru. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Bengaluru?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 1:40 pm - 1:00 amSFO-BLR 21h 50m1 stop 3:35 am - 6:45 pmBLR-SFO 28h 40m2 stops $987 Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Thu, Feb 15 2:50 pm - 2:20 amSFO-BLR 22h 00m1 stop 3:50 am - 12:50 pmBLR-SFO 22h 30m1 stop $988Qatar Airways Find Deal Thu, Feb 15 - Mon, Feb 19 9:40 am - 9:55 pmSFO-BLR 22h 45m1 stop 11:10 pm - 7:50 amBLR-SFO 22h 10m1 stop $1,004Singapore Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Fri, Feb 9 9:40 am - 10:40 amSFO-BLR 35h 30m1 stop 11:10 pm - 7:50 amBLR-SFO 22h 10m1 stop $1,009Singapore Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Tue, Feb 6 8:00 pm - 3:20 amSFO-BLR 17h 50mnonstop 7:10 am - 6:05 pmBLR-SFO 23h 25m1 stop $1,029Air India Find Deal Fri, Feb 16 - Fri, Apr 19 9:15 am - 7:45 pmSFO-BLR 21h 00m1 stop 1:55 pm - 6:00 pmBLR-SFO 16h 35mnonstop $1,032Air India Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Sun, Apr 21 8:25 am - 1:00 amSFO-BLR 27h 05m2 stops 3:35 am - 12:32 amBLR-SFO 33h 27m2 stops $1,071Lufthansa Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Thu, Mar 14 1:40 pm - 1:00 amSFO-BLR 21h 50m1 stop 9:10 pm - 6:45 pmBLR-SFO 35h 05m2 stops $1,081Lufthansa Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Mon, Feb 12 3:40 pm - 8:50 amSFO-BLR 27h 40m1 stop 10:25 am - 12:45 pmBLR-SFO 39h 50m1 stop $1,113Emirates Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Feb 1 3:40 pm - 2:30 amSFO-BLR 21h 20m1 stop 4:30 am - 12:45 pmBLR-SFO 21h 45m1 stop $1,119Emirates Find Deal Sat, Feb 10 - Tue, Mar 5 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Francisco to Bengaluru? The average price of all flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Bengaluru on a Wednesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Saturday is the most expensive day to fly from San Francisco to Bengaluru. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Tuesday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Bengaluru? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru is September, where tickets cost $876 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,884 and $1,690 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Bengaluru? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Bengaluru, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 90 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from San Francisco to Bengaluru found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $988 on Qatar Airways, followed by Japan Airlines ($989). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $350 on Singapore Airlines and from $499 on Delta. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Francisco and Bengaluru? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru. There is just one airline that flies from San Francisco to Bengaluru direct and that is Air India. The best one-way deal found from Air India for the route is $756. How many flights are there between San Francisco and Bengaluru per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from San Francisco and lands in Bengaluru, with an average flight time of 17h 50m. The most common departure time is 8:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 3 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and Bengaluru? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to Bengaluru take? Nonstop flights from San Francisco generally make it to Bengaluru in 17h 50m. The flying distance between the two cities is 8,685 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore)? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Francisco at 8:00 pm and will be landing in Bengaluru at 3:20 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore)? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Francisco to Bengaluru jets off at 8:00 pm and lands at 3:20 am. Good to know Low season August High season June Cheapest flight $350 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 19% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 32% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to Bengaluru When to book flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Bengaluru based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore) Where can I go in San Francisco (SFO) to relax before my flight? For those who don’t like flying or wish to release some stress before their flight to Bengaluru (BLR), there are Yoga Rooms inside the airport terminals. You’ll find them in both Terminals 2 and 3. In Terminal 2 it’s on Level 2, located in the corridor connecting the areas past the C and D Security Checkpoint, and in Terminal 3 it’s on Level 2 next to Gate E6. Are there any pet relief stations at San Francisco Airport (SFO)? If you’re traveling out of San Francisco International Airport with your pet or service animal, make sure you visit one of the pet relief areas before boarding your flight to Bengaluru (BLR). The indoor locations are post-security in Terminals 1, 2, and 3, and outdoors in Terminals 2 and 3. In the International Terminals A and G, from where you’d be departing to BLR, they are next to Gates A10 and G5. How can I get from Bengaluru Airport (BLR) to the Bangalore Palace? The Bangalore Palace is just north of the city center. There are public buses, the Kias-5A route, that make the trip from Kempegowda International Airport Bengaluru (BLR) to the palace taking around two hours for about ₹235 ($3). However, a taxi takes about half an hour, and you can expect to pay around ₹1,170 ($15). Are there any baby care facilities in the Bangalore Airport (BLR)? For those arriving at Kempegowda International Airport Bengaluru (BLR) with babies or young infants after a long flight, you’ll want to freshen them up. Make your way to the baby care facilities in the international arrivals area. You’ll locate them on the first floor, after exiting the International Departures Hall and before going through Immigration Check. Are there nonstop flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru? Unfortunately, there are no nonstop flights between San Francisco and Bengaluru. But you can find the shortest route on KAYAK. Different airlines fly this route, including Delta Air Lines, India Air, and Emirates Airways. You can get a flight by Delta Air Lines from San Francisco International Airport to Kempegowda International Airport Bengaluru with two stops at John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG). There’s also a British Airways flight that includes a stop at London Heathrow Airport (LHR) that you could book through KAYAK. Does Bengaluru Airport offer services for disabled travelers? The airport offers buggy and wheelchair rental services. If you need assistance, contact the airport staff to place a reservation. They also have assistants if you need help navigating the facility. Are there on-site hotels at the Bengaluru Airport? While at the Kempegowda International Airport Bengaluru, you can check in to the Day Hotel, located in the Domestic Departures section. The hotel is open 24 hours and is accessible to passengers with flight tickets or boarding passes. Services available include a premium lounge, free Wi-Fi, a private restaurant, and a spa. There are 20 rooms in different categories to suit each passenger’s needs. What amenities are available for travelers at the Bengaluru Airport? The airport offers different amenities, including prayer rooms, restrooms, showers, a child care room, and currency exchange services. For support, they have an interactive voice response system, and you can use their self-service check-in kiosks. If you need to move luggage, there are luggage carts. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Bengaluru? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Bengaluru from San Francisco. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore)? The Boeing 777-200LR is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore) flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore)? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between San Francisco and Bengaluru. On which days can I fly direct from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore)? You can catch a nonstop flight from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore) on on Monday, Tuesday, and Friday. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru, Japan Airlines or Singapore Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru are Japan Airlines and Singapore Airlines. With an average price for the route of $1,149 and an overall rating of 8.7, Japan Airlines is the most popular choice. Singapore Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,258 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore)? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore). How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore)? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Bengaluru (Bangalore) from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore)? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Bengaluru (Bangalore) with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and BLR can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore)? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Bengaluru (Bangalore) from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to Bengaluru (Bangalore) Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $711 or less one-way and $1,019 or less round-trip. San Francisco International Airport (SFO) is a United Airlines hub. In this case, you’ll find them offering more frequent direct routes from San Francisco to Kempegowda International Airport Bengaluru (BLR) than other airlines, such as Air India. Although there are some direct flights from San Francisco International Airport (SFO) to Kempegowda International Airport Bengaluru (BLR), there are more options that are also generally more affordable, with a layover in between. For instance, KLM operates routes with a layover in Amsterdam (AMS) and Air India stopping in New Delhi (DEL). If you’re renting a car upon your arrival at Kempegowda International Airport Bengaluru (BLR), the car rental agencies' desks are located within the terminal, in the arrival hall. They’re between the coffee bistro and the information counter. Avoid the traffic and dealing with parking and take public transportation to fly out of San Francisco International Airport (SFO). The Bay Area Rapid Transit has trains connecting downtown San Francisco with the airport. The Yellow-S Line goes directly there in about 35-40 minutes. San Francisco International Airport (SFO) has an art program you can enjoy if you have some time to spare before boarding your flight to Bangalore. There are various public art pieces featured throughout the airport, like the Light Beams for the Sky of a Transfer Corridor at the far end of the International Terminal Main Hall. San Francisco International Airport (SFO) is the ideal option if you’re traveling from San Francisco to Bengaluru. It’s also easy to access from different parts of the Bay. For business travelers, the San Francisco International Airport offers free Wi-Fi throughout its terminals, and there are work stations at the terminals. In addition, you get power outlets for all your gadgets. You can rent a private shower room at the San Francisco Airport to tidy up before your flight. The shower facilities are in the International Terminal Main Hall. There are travel-size toiletry and bath products if you need to buy some. If you’re traveling with kids, the San Francisco Airport has your needs covered. You can entertain your children at the nursery or rent a car seat. The Kempegowda International Airport Bengaluru (BLR) is the main airport if you’re traveling to Bengaluru, the capital of Karnataka, an Indian state in the country's southern part. When you arrive in Bengaluru, you can use the airport’s free Wi-Fi. You need to register to use the service and you’ll receive a password. Also, you can use internet stations inside the airport. Explore transit services at the Bengaluru Airport. Indulge in a meal at the airport, unwind at one of the airport’s lounges, or rejuvenate at the spa. Contact the airport for assistance. If you need to move around from the Bengaluru Airport, you can choose different means. There are daily bus connections to the city center. A taxi takes 1h to reach the city center. To explore the city on your own, you can use car rental services, which you can book online. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Francisco to Bengaluru Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from San Francisco to Bengaluru Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Francisco to Bengaluru Intl Search Flights Monday Air India Air India Tuesday Air India Air India Friday Air India Air India See more direct flights Nonstop returns Bengaluru Intl to San Francisco Search Flights Wednesday Air India Air India Thursday Air India Air India Sunday Air India Air India See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Bengaluru See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Bengaluru. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Bengaluru? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 84food 85entertainment 88overall 86comfort 89boarding 90crew Airline reviews I hope they never ran out of the menu choice one makes. They often do.Read more about Japan Airlines I hope they never ran out of the menu choice one makes. They often do. Pros: "The flight attendants are the most professional and attentive employees I've ever had the pleasure to be served by." Cons: "The movie selection could have been much better for such a long flight." Pros: "Crew was attentive and informative of delays" Cons: "This was American Airlines .. my Bags came out late even though i was in Biz Class" Pros: "Soo Much Food! Crew was very polite and helpful." Cons: "They didn’t offer a vegetarian meal option in flight, but there was enough sides that it didn’t really matter." Pros: "The crew members polite and nice." Cons: "To time the food service more evenly. Left side passengers were served a meal and finished before the right side was served food." Pros: "JAL services on the plane is great. Food is much better than other companies. Ice Cream after dinner is great. Flight attendants are polite and nicer than other companies. Interior of the airplane was newer and comfortable." Cons: "N/A" Cons: "Be able to select seats online within 24hours of flight for free" Pros: "Sturdest were very kind" Cons: "There was 2 choices for food either pork or chicken But when I asked for chicken they told us no more chicken Then they took the pork from the tray and I had to eat the rest without the main course. Also all the seats were taken by the people who bought the tickets directly from JAL,but there was few seats left all in the middle for people who purchase tickets from travel agents." Pros: "The level of care and attention that was given to my comfort during the flight was extraordinary. Also the economy was much better than any economy i've ever come to expect from other airlines." Cons: "The boarding I didn't know at first where to go to get to the gate. Having to exit and then re-enter the airport was a pain and further complicated my boarding. But that was not JAL's fault and is on SFO." Pros: "Very helpful and polite" Cons: "I got a sore but comes the seat was not very padded" Pros: "Crew was super nice and the food was good (for plane food)! Really appreciated that they had snacks and chocolate on hand for hungry passengers throughout the flight. A 17 hour plane ride is never the best, but Singapore Air made it as pleasant as possible. Also, we booked on Kayak and was routed through a third party vendor JustFly, which I was a little worried about - but our booking went off without a hitch." Pros: "Excellent crew and very well dressed and always smiling" Cons: "The lights were switched off for a very long time. That can be avoided" Pros: "The crew did a wonderful job of anticipating needs and having all the little ammenities you could want." Cons: "They gave you a menu at the start of the flight but didn't serve any of that food, and the food wasn't very good" Pros: "Crew was polite." Cons: "For such a long journey, the plane could have been nicer." Pros: "Handset to control screen didn’t work. Airline reimbursed me with $75 voucher for inflight duty-free shop." Cons: "Aircrew took my carry on away while I was waiting to board saying it was too large; left me without the essential items I wanted during the 19.5 hours in the air and two plane changes. Other people were allowed to keep carry ons bigger than mine so I don't understand why they did this." Pros: "Food was good" Cons: "Boarding was just ok, but departure delayed by half hour. Seats were really poor. Zero comfort.. felt like sitting on a cramped park bench. Entertainment system is ancient. Can't see and can't listen properly. Didn't expect this type of horrible aircraft from Singapore Airlines!" Pros: "The plane was new. The in flight entertainment system was good, although I never got to experience it fully because the Flight attendant kept switching it off, as I had paid extra (an arm and a leg) for a “bulkhead seat”" Cons: "The service was beyond awful! The Flight Attendants had a “could care less” attitude. I had special ordered a meal, and they gave me the wrong one. I did not want to make a big deal, so I just ate it. Then they did not offer any beverages when the meal came! I literally had to beg them to make me their famous “Singapore sling”. Shocking really!!. When I had my coffee, my request for cream and sugar went ignored THREE times. Finally they grudgingly gave me only cream, rendering my coffee undrinkable. .....And the list goes on. Never ever will I travel on this horrid airline again!" Pros: "Satisfied and feel good on Singapore airlines, definitely will consider next trip" Pros: "We loved the service, quality of food, entertainment, and cleanliness of Singapore Airlines flight!" Cons: "Economy is still tightly packed with limited leg room considering the distance traveled." Pros: "I had to pay two tickets for same flight from Islamabad to San Francisco and going from San Francisco to Islamabad it’s been cancel and I am fighting for my money back they don’t want to refund it" Pros: "Easy booking on line" Cons: "The gate was changed in Dubai without informing the passengers whom waiting on the original gate printed on the boarding pass. And charged me no show fees and delayed for an extra 12 hrs. I have the evidence of you need them." Cons: "They delayed the flight over entertainment system and that caused me to miss my connection" Pros: "The flight was very amply crewed, with attentive and friendly staff. Everthing runs quite efficiently." Pros: "The ground staff in Chile. Quite organized and catered to the guests. seamless connection and baggage retrival" Cons: "Ground staff in India gave me wrong info about baggage." Cons: "Took a long time to get the crew together after the plane was ready" Pros: "Horrible experience!!!!" Cons: "1. Emirates has only one piece option. With Laptop bag weighing about almost 5kgs, you are left with just 2kgs which the carry bag itself would weigh. Not sure, how Emirates is getting away with this discriminatory attitude, while rest of airlines do allow -Carry on + a personal item. 2. There is no check on the carry-on weight at SFO airport. While in DXB, they entice customer to buy all duty free and then when it comes to boarding, you will be 'shocked'. No more than 10kg allowed. 3. You will be directed to read instructions before boarding. Then the corruption deal starts...read point 4 4. The man will say, remove anything in excess of 10kg or pay extra luggage, knowing very well, that people buy duty free at DXB. 5. Once you start negotiating, then the deal-making starts... 6. I managed it. More on Facebook review..." Pros: "Good serevice" Cons: "food provided is not good. All western style most passengers are from Asia" Cons: "I haven't got onto the flight you stupid twerps." Pros: "Boarding went smoothly, flight was very comfortable with great entertainment options. Attentive staff!" Qatar screwed up by delaying our onward journey for refueling, which resulted in missing our connecting flight to India. the airport qater staff at Doha, herded us like cattle in a very incohesive and uncoordinated way. We were then given 2 options: either catch our original flight the Next day ( After 24.hrs) or catch 2 flights instead , to goto our destination in India. All this, for paying a premium for Qatar. Vistara i bought a biz class fare but a few days before vistara always changes my biz class flight to economy .. happened to me 4 times .. seated could be wider .. boarding could be more organized .. crew did their best but not enough resources all in all very poor experience Qatar Delhi .. only complain .. no clear signage to lounge for transferring pax .. its a Delhi shot coming.. no feeling of exclusivity for biz/ 1st class pax.. but everything else was much better .. once i boarded Qatar .. i loved it Bag check in at DC was slow. Boarding process was slow more due to customers unfamiliar with how to board properly. Food and service was excellent! Crew members service are at its best Seating area is very compact, could be better Never got the chance to get on the plane as my inbound flight was delayed and the staff of qatar airways denied any help or support Boarding was delayed by 2 hours since the machine that assigned boarding passes broke down and we were left waiting to drop our luggage Excellent service and very comfortable business class for a long journey. Carry on bags in business class weight limits The boarding was very unorganized, they had my dad “83 years old “ stand for long time to Wait in the line then stand behind the counter, we had two kids with us but the separated my dad from us for long time It is an international flight so food, entertainment and blankets is minimum requirement. Also cleanliness was very poor. Pros: "Everything was very good and comfortable. I really enjoyed my journey. Thanks." Pros: "Nothing. There was no flight. The flight was cancelled and you did not notify us. We found it out ourselves by accident. We tried to contact you guys but we could not call or anything other. You guys suck" Cons: "Notify your customers when the flight is cancelled. Thats the least you can do. Very unprofessional" Cons: "The sitting was so very small, I never traveled so crumpled." Pros: "Good crew, food was good for airline food. Entertainment offerings were good." Cons: "Too many seats, 3-4-3 configuration means not even enough room to walk down aisle without bumping people in their narrow seats." Pros: "Crew were great" Cons: "Cabin kept very hot, very difficult to sleep. Seats were so-so comfortable" Pros: "Orderly boarding process. Considerate reseating when bulkhead with extra legroom were not usable." Pros: "The crew was amazingly efficient serving food and drink. In the recline position the seat bottom extended which was far more comfortable than simply reclining." Cons: "The food was mediocre and the selection of movies was very limited." Pros: "Smooth transfer from Terminal 3 to the International Terminal. Great airport. Easy boarding, friendly crew and very smooth flight." Cons: "I was very happy with my flight experience with Swiss." Pros: "The seat was ok, I paid $ 115 per Trip ( total of $ 230) just to sit at the emergency exit to have some leg room and then I am sitting next to the bathroom and people stepping on my feet because they tend to hang out around the bathroom." Cons: "The flight attendant not wearing perfume. Food was very poor to say the least." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "Boarding by rows and not like cows all at one time" Pros: "The food was great. The service is excellent. Swiss Air gets an A+." Japan Airlines8.7 Singapore Airlines8.6 Emirates8.3 Qatar Airways8.2 SWISS8.0 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru (Bangalore) Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Bengaluru found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/23Fri 1 stopSingapore Airlines 22h 45mSFO-BLR $350 Search 2/13Tue 1 stopSingapore Airlines 22h 45mSFO-BLR $351 Search 2/13Tue 2 stopsDelta 26h 10mSFO-BLR $499 Search 1/14Sun 1 stopDelta 43h 35mSFO-BLR $509 Search 1/29Mon nonstopAir India 17h 50mSFO-BLR $618 Search 2/12Mon nonstopAir India 17h 50mSFO-BLR $620 Search 1/11Thu 1 stopQatar Airways 22h 00mSFO-BLR $690 Search 1/11Thu 1 stopQatar Airways 21h 50mSFO-BLR $695 Search 12/4Mon 1 stopLufthansa 38h 55mSFO-BLR $965 Search 12/3Sun 1 stopLufthansa 21h 45mSFO-BLR $975 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSingapore AirlinesDeltaAir IndiaQatar AirwaysLufthansa Search by price$350 or less$510 or less$620 or less$700 or less$980 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopCathay Pacific 35h 25mSFO-BLR 12/5Tue multi-stopCathay Pacific 21h 45mBLR-SFO $848 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopCathay Pacific 35h 25mSFO-BLR 12/16Sat multi-stopCathay Pacific 33h 00mBLR-SFO $868 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 33h 51mSFO-BLR 12/7Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 42h 29mBLR-SFO $1,074 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 41h 20mSFO-BLR 12/7Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 41h 14mBLR-SFO $1,084 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopLufthansa 39h 50mSFO-BLR 12/17Sun multi-stopLufthansa 22h 30mBLR-SFO $1,226 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopLufthansa 39h 50mSFO-BLR 12/16Sat multi-stopLufthansa 22h 30mBLR-SFO $1,228 Search 12/2Sat multi-stop 35h 25mSFO-BLR 12/5Tue multi-stop 28h 45mBLR-SFO $1,242 Search 12/2Sat multi-stop 35h 25mSFO-BLR 12/15Fri multi-stop 45h 10mBLR-SFO $1,275 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopSWISS 46h 35mSFO-BLR 1/24Wed multi-stopSWISS 32h 35mBLR-SFO $1,329 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopSWISS 46h 35mSFO-BLR 2/1Thu multi-stopSWISS 32h 10mBLR-SFO $1,428 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineCathay PacificAmerican AirlinesLufthansaSWISS Search by price$870 or less$1,080 or less$1,230 or less$1,280 or less$1,430 or less San Francisco - Bengaluru Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: Bengaluru (Bangalore) (BLR)India Return flight deals: Bengaluru (Bangalore) - San Francisco Cabin classes: First Class flights to Bengaluru Business Class flights to Bengaluru $1,652 Prem Econ Class flights to Bengaluru $641 Economy Class flights to Bengaluru Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $667Flights from San Francisco to Bengaluru Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » Bengaluru $667Flights to Bengaluru, Bengaluru Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Bengaluru (Bangalore) flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Bengaluru (Bangalore) from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Bengaluru (Bangalore) from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.