Cheap Flights from Las Vegas to Denver from $24 | (LAS - DEN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAS - DEN Find cheap flights from Las Vegas to Denver from $24 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/5. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Denver These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Las Vegas to Denver, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Las Vegas to Denver, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Las Vegas to Denver?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Las Vegas to Denver that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:59 am - 3:54 amLAS-DEN 1h 55mnonstop 10:14 pm - 11:29 pmDEN-LAS 2h 15mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sun, Dec 17 12:59 am - 3:59 amLAS-DEN 2h 00mnonstop 10:14 pm - 11:26 pmDEN-LAS 2h 12mnonstop $39Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 3 - Tue, Jan 9 12:59 am - 3:54 amLAS-DEN 1h 55mnonstop 10:51 pm - 11:55 pmDEN-LAS 2h 04mnonstop $41 Find Deal Tue, Dec 26 - Wed, Jan 3 12:59 am - 3:54 amLAS-DEN 1h 55mnonstop 10:14 pm - 11:29 pmDEN-LAS 2h 15mnonstop $45Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 27 - Tue, Jan 2 12:59 am - 3:54 amLAS-DEN 1h 55mnonstop 3:40 pm - 4:49 pmDEN-LAS 2h 09mnonstop $47Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Feb 14 12:59 am - 3:54 amLAS-DEN 1h 55mnonstop 9:00 pm - 10:05 pmDEN-LAS 2h 05mnonstop $52 Find Deal Tue, Dec 26 - Thu, Jan 4 8:05 am - 10:50 amLAS-DEN 1h 45mnonstop 10:51 pm - 11:55 pmDEN-LAS 2h 04mnonstop $88Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Dec 22 - Wed, Dec 27 7:05 pm - 10:01 pmLAS-DEN 1h 56mnonstop 10:51 pm - 11:55 pmDEN-LAS 2h 04mnonstop $96Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 27 - Wed, Jan 3 5:31 pm - 11:34 pmLAS-DEN 5h 03m1 stop 6:43 pm - 11:37 pmDEN-LAS 5h 54m1 stop $177Delta Find Deal Thu, Jan 4 - Fri, Jan 5 6:32 am - 11:22 amLAS-DEN 3h 50m1 stop 6:53 pm - 9:32 pmDEN-LAS 3h 39m1 stop $217American Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Sun, Jan 21 Show more results Flights from Las Vegas to Denver - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Las Vegas to Denver to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Las Vegas to Denver? The average price of all flights from Las Vegas to Denver clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Las Vegas to Denver, look for departures on Tuesdays and avoid leaving on a Sunday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Denver, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly and Friday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Las Vegas to Denver? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Las Vegas to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Las Vegas to Denver is February, where tickets cost $67 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $160 and $140 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Las Vegas to Denver? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Las Vegas to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Las Vegas to Denver, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 70 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Las Vegas to Denver? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Denver from Las Vegas were found on Frontier ($24) and Spirit Airlines ($27), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Frontier ($38) and Spirit Airlines ($88). Which airlines fly most frequently between Las Vegas and Denver? Las Vegas and Denver are connected by different airlines. The airlines that fly that route the most regularly are Southwest (10 flights per day), United Airlines (5 flights per day), and Frontier (2 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Las Vegas and Denver? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Las Vegas to Denver. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Las Vegas to Denver. They are: Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $36 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Las Vegas and Denver per day? Each day, there are between 16 and 21 nonstop flights that take off from Las Vegas and land in Denver, with an average flight time of 1h 54m. The most common departure time is 4:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 134 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Las Vegas and Denver? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Las Vegas to Denver take? Direct flights cover the 626 miles separating Las Vegas to Denver in about 1h 45m. What’s the earliest departure time from Las Vegas to Denver? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Las Vegas at 12:55 am and will be landing in Denver at 3:50 am. What’s the latest departure time from Las Vegas to Denver? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Las Vegas to Denver jets off at 10:25 pm and lands at 1:15 am. Good to know Low season January High season September Cheapest flight $24 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 14% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 30% lower on average. Flight from Las Vegas to Denver When to book flights from Las Vegas to Denver Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Las Vegas to Denver based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Las Vegas to Denver Does LAS airport offer parking facilities? All travelers flying the route from Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) to Denver International Airport (DEN) can enjoy everything from short-term parking and long-term parking to valet parking at LAS airport. These parking spots are conveniently within walking distance of the terminals. Short-term parking is just outside Terminal 1 on Level 2M, long-term parking is adjacent to Terminal 1 on Levels 6, 5,4, 3, and 1M, whereas valet parking is on level 2. Note that the airport accepts parking payments with credit cards only. Are there hotels at or near Denver International Airport? You can relax at the Westin Denver Airport after your flight. This hotel is connected to the Jeppesen Terminal of the airport and features modern facilities such as an indoor pool, comfy suites, and a fitness center. Guests are also connected to some of downtown Denver’s attractions through the commuter rail line. Another top choice is AmericInn by Wyndham Denver Airport, with modern suites and free airport shuttle services. Is Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) family-friendly? LAS is a family-friendly airport with amenities such as nursing pods. Your children will enjoy the children’s play area on the second level of gate D, which has a jet engine and a mini control tower. Kids can also watch planes arrive and take off from the play area. What is the best way to get to downtown Denver from DEN? Getting to downtown Denver from Denver International Airport is easy. Travelers can use either public transportation, ride-share services, or taxi services. The A-Line commuter train offered by Regional Transportation District is the quickest option. Also, the airport runs a bus line, SkyRide, which operates until midnight. Passengers can also access taxi and ride-share services from Level 5 of Jeppesen Terminal. Do I need a passport to fly between Las Vegas and Denver? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Las Vegas to Denver. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airports will I be using when flying from Las Vegas to Denver? On your way to Denver, you’ll fly out from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. You’ll be landing at Denver Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Las Vegas to Denver? Delta, Alaska Airlines, Air Canada, JetBlue, and American Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Las Vegas to Denver flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Las Vegas to Denver? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Las Vegas to Denver flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Las Vegas to Denver? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Las Vegas and Denver. On which days can I fly direct from Las Vegas to Denver? There are nonstop flights from Las Vegas to Denver on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Las Vegas to Denver, United Airlines or Frontier? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Las Vegas to Denver are United Airlines and Frontier. With an average price for the route of $260 and an overall rating of 7.0, United Airlines is the most popular choice. Frontier is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $90 and an overall rating of 5.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Las Vegas to Denver? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Las Vegas to Denver. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Las Vegas to Denver? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Denver from Las Vegas is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Las Vegas to Denver? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Denver with an airline and back to Las Vegas with another airline. Booking your flights between Las Vegas and DEN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Las Vegas to Denver? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Denver from Las Vegas up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAS to Denver Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $62 or less one-way and $65 or less round-trip. Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) is a pet-friendly airport with pet-friendly facilities. LAS has seven animal relief areas located pre-security and post-security. These spots are located in Terminal 3 and at the entrance of Terminal 1. However, note that your furry companion should remain in its carrier within the airport unless when passing security or when relieving themselves. Travelers through Denver International Airport (DEN) are in for an extraordinary experience. DEN is known for murals, art, and sculptures displayed in various locations throughout the airport. The airport features rotating exhibits at the Jeppesen Terminal in Ansbacher Hall on Level 6, while the murals are on Level 5. Airlines such as Delta, United Airlines, Frontier, and Spirit Airlines offer daily direct flights from LAS to DEN. You can fly in economy class on this route. There are also one-stop flights with stops at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport (DFW). Several duty-free shops at the Las Vegas airport offer a wide range of tax-free merchandise. You can check out these shops at Terminal 2 of this airport as you await your flight and buy yourself a souvenir to take back home. The average amount of carbon per person released on the trip to DEN from LAS is 649 kg. Nonetheless, Frontier and United Airlines offer eco-friendly flights, with the former releasing 50% less carbon and the latter releasing 45% less carbon. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Denver Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Harry Reid Intl to Denver Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Denver Intl Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Friday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Saturday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Denver Intl to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Friday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Saturday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Las Vegas to Denver See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Las Vegas to Denver. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Las Vegas to Denver? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 85overall 79food 78entertainment 85boarding 88crew 82comfort Airline reviews Cons: "$400 flight and they only offered orange juice and water. Cheap cheap cheap!"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "$400 flight and they only offered orange juice and water. Cheap cheap cheap!" Cons: "XXI Century, California, variety of drinks on board: water or orange juice. Are you for real??!" Cons: "Great flight and their service was great. Looking forward to my next flight with them." Pros: "I was able to charge my phone in flight overall it was a quiet flight for mud day" Cons: "Inflight wi fi was not working available purchase meals / snacks were extremely limited Staff announcements were muffled and usually glib" Pros: "Seating was excellent, nice comfortable seats which seem to be roomier than other airlines." Cons: "As with all airlines, I wish WiFi was free as we pay enough already for tickets." Pros: "Aircraft was clean and comfortable. Crew was efficient and friendly. The whole experience was excellent!" Cons: "There was lots of entertainment available but plain old music was not an option. What if I don't want to watch a movie or TV, just listen to music!" Pros: "It was a lovely aircraft, new seating was very comfortable and the crew were friendly, good humored, helpful and professional." Cons: "Having USB outlets for charging devices." Pros: "Crew was good" Cons: "Again, board plane back to front after boarding special needs passenger and your priority passengers. Why have us climb over everyone when we have to get to the back. Also verify size of 2 carry ons. This is what is a hassle." Pros: "I liked the entertainment and one of the stewards was nice." Cons: "The stewards were not very nice or friendly." Pros: "Plane seemed very new, spacious, and comfortable in coach. Absolutely loved it and I’m a terrible/stressful flyer!" Cons: "Wouldn’t change a thing! I don’t always fly! But when I do!! I fly delta!!" Pros: "The staff at Delta are always friendly and helpful and they were able to squeeze me onto a very full flight." Pros: "Nice plane, good service and pilots, great landing - no issues at all." Cons: "Landing was very rough and flight crew kept bumping me with food cart during sleep" Pros: "The crew was great!" Cons: "The boarding was the worst I’d ever seen! No structure, only 1 person was taking tickets to board and would stop every third person to go back to the counter and checkndomething, holding up the entire boarding process. We were supposed to start boarding at 8:05, but started at 8:35...." Pros: "The crew and comfort was ok" Cons: "The snack options coming from us to aus were only packets of crisps/chips and apples and cranberry juice." Pros: "The crew did their best to accommodate for the hot mess." Cons: "The temperature was unbearable. My dirt and pants were soaked with sweat. It was very hot." Pros: "The crew on the airplane was great. We had 2.5 hours turbulences but the crew started to give out drinks as soon they got the ok from the pilot" Cons: "We went in LGA to the Baggage drop off and the employee there was super rude. On the flight to New York with Delta we had to check our carry ons at the gate because it wasn't enough room for bags in the airplane.so we asked when we checked our one suitcase if we can/should check our carry ons to avoid having to do it at the gate. The delta employee told me sure no problem. He checks in my one suitcase I purchased gives me the tracking paper and says ok have a good flight. I asked him so what is with our carry ons and he told us that that would cost 25$ and we can't check those in at the drop off?!?We ended up taking the carry ons with to the gate and then off course there wasn't enough room on the airplane that we had to check it in. And surprise it was free?? We had never issues with Lufthansa, icelandair etc. with checking our bags at drop off to not needing to carry it around and than still end up to check it at the airplane. Every airline has been more than happy that we volunteer to check our bags that they don't have the trouble at the gate." Pros: "Free drinks and snacks - great entertainment system (please read this Frontier)!" Cons: "Boarding process was agonizingly slow and ineffective" Pros: "Staff were friendly and helpful. Planes were clean and food excellent in first class." Cons: "Late going down to Vegas and late coming home from Vegas." Pros: "The check in was really smooth and fast. The crew was amazing." Cons: "nothing" Pros: "Everything was well executed; friendly staff, clean plane, good entertainment options" Pros: "The plane was sort of clean." Cons: "Cleaner plane, more comfortable seating, smoother landings, climate controlled interior (so hot)." Cons: "There is no TV and no music options. Also, they said they provided free Wi-Fi but it was unavailable during my flight." Pros: "Overall the experience was ok. The planes were clean. and the crew was nice and helpful." Cons: "Paying for the seats and bags as additional fees is deceptive. I mean who flys without a seat or clothes? Consider boarding back to front, that way people in front of the plane don't create a back up trying to get their carry on loaded in the over head bin." Pros: "New seats, pleasant crew" Cons: "Flight was already an hour delayed which is understandable and unavoidable. What needs serious improvement and any airport/airline should not tolerate is delays from baggage handling services. Once we boarded we watched the baggage crew unload the last flights bags including USPS parcel cargo. Then our baggage had to be loaded. Sat on the plane for 50 mins before backing out of terminal. Complete lack of urgency on the part of the baggage handlers was very frustrating to many passengers." Cons: "The flight did not leave on time into Las Vegas. Sun country had no update until the flight departed the gate" Cons: "Flight Attendant skipped our row when offering drinks. No wifi, no entertainment, no snacks. Paid $25 to check one small bag." Pros: "Decent airplane and leg room if you are not a large person, good crew, on time, easy check in." Cons: "Seated next to a rather large woman whose hips made it impossible to put the arm rest down. I spent the entire 3 hour flight squashed to one side as her hip and butt flowed into my seat. The fact that I was in an isle seat in the last row and being shoved from my seat meant that every crew member or passenger headed to lav in back slammed into me constantly." Cons: "There are too many announcements on the screen before you can start watching entertainment. It takes about 15 minutes." Cons: "Maintenance problems resulted in original aircraft being unavailable and switching to new aircraft at a different gate. More than 45 min late." Pros: "Good entertainment choices." Cons: "Uncomfortable seat with insufficient legroom wouldn't recline. Inadequate overhead storage (full flight)" Cons: "AA1792 from Dallas to Cincinnati on 6/8/19 had no air conditioning. It was miserable. The brakes needed repair, too. No passengers seated in the premium exit aisle seats." Pros: "The flight itself was fine." Cons: "The gate change was not announced on my phone app (changed from E7 to D49). I hate leaving out of Terminal E at MIA. There is no point to having TSA Pre-Check if you have to stand in line with people who don't have it. I have to remove my liquids and laptop. It's such a shabby, run-down terminal." Cons: "American Airlies no longer partners with T-Mobile for free WiFi. :-(" Pros: "Jesus, the flight was phenomenal! He lightened up the atmosphere with his wit and grace." Pros: "Not much" Cons: "Everyone was too hot, sweltering and perspiring, way to crowded and packed. Literally could not moved at all." Pros: "Pretty standard flight" Cons: "Inconvenient timing and overcrowded with obnoxious children sitting on laps. No attempts made to change their behavior by crew or parents." Pros: "CREW GOOD AIRPLANE CLEAN" Cons: "DEPARTED 1 HOUR LATE, THERE WAS MODERATE TURBULENCE THROUGHOUT THE FLIGHT" Departure time kept changing. Finally took off 2.5 hours later than originally scheduled. Many passengers had to make connection changes or scramble for alternate flights. I was very disappointed Food options (no, really, just snacks) are severely lacking. In first class, we had the option of a small bag of popcorn, a very small cookie, and maybe a couple of other wrapped items. Seems like there are a lot better options that could be made available especially on a 2+ hour flight. Major delay on the inbound plane meant that I missed my connection. Pros: "I liked the ticket price." Cons: "The seat was very narrow with absolutely minimal leg space, and a carry-on bag was not included in the fare." Pros: "Just a great flight and service. Super happy for getting home early!" Pros: "Almost everything was great!" Cons: "The internet service barely worked and I will be seeking a refund" Pros: "Received a text that the flight from Denver to Frankfurt is delayed 2 hours." Cons: "Delay notification message did suggest calling the airlines to make change nor stating that I'll miss my connection in Frankfurt. I assumed I'll be missing it so I called Lufthansa to make changes. Their attempts to help took too much time, they did not look tat the trip from origination to provide best alternatives until I arrived to airport in Las Vegas to find out that again they had to change the booking and issue a new ticket. This took more than two hours. Had I not was preemptive I would have been stuck in Frankfort for an extra day." Pros: "It was a bit less expensive at first, but the charges added up quickly. My only complaint really is that the booking was through Air Canada and the flight was operated through United Airlines. It wasn’t a problem for me but if you only have a Visa debit card and want to pay for checked bags online, this is not possible to do online prior to checking in. You also can’t check in to your flight as you would normally, you get the last available seats and have to pay for any seat changes. All in all, I’d still book through Kayak but I’d make sure that the flight I booked was through the company that operates the flights. It’s will give you more options when checking in to the flight." Cons: "I was put through a third party airline that had no control of the final booking procedure that I was used to. I could not choose seats or add checked luggage on my visa debit, I needed a credit card. This wasn’t a problem but it could pose problems for some people." Cons: "The fact that I wasn't able to sit with my travel partner" Pros: "Staff were courteous and I greatly appreciate not being charged for a beverage!!!" Cons: "The Denver airport was chaotic and the trains were totally messed up!!" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Las Vegas to Denver Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Las Vegas to Denver found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 55mLAS-DEN $24 Search 12/22Fri nonstopFrontier 1h 55mLAS-DEN $26 Search 12/22Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 45mLAS-DEN $27 Search 12/16Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 54mLAS-DEN $56 Search 1/23Tue 2 stops 15h 08mLAS-DEN $61 Search 12/18Mon 1 stop 19h 14mLAS-DEN $65 Search 3/1Fri 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 24h 59mLAS-DEN $136 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopAlaska Airlines 10h 13mLAS-DEN $141 Search 4/19Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 59mLAS-DEN $227 Search 1/9Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 12h 59mLAS-DEN $231 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAlaska AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$60 or less$70 or less$140 or less$230 or less Last minute flights from Las Vegas to Denver Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Las Vegas to Denver that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 55mLAS-DEN 12/13Wed multi-stopFrontier 10h 15mDEN-LAS $58 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 1h 55mLAS-DEN 12/8Fri nonstop 2h 04mDEN-LAS $67 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 55mLAS-DEN 12/9Sat multi-stopFrontier 4h 57mDEN-LAS $68 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 1h 55mLAS-DEN 12/9Sat multi-stopFrontier 10h 59mDEN-LAS $87 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 6h 30mLAS-DEN 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 15h 22mDEN-LAS $116 Search 12/1Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 54mLAS-DEN 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 04mDEN-LAS $165 Search 12/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 59mLAS-DEN 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 01mDEN-LAS $196 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 9h 27mLAS-DEN 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 20h 08mDEN-LAS $509 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 26h 32mLAS-DEN 12/8Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 28h 27mDEN-LAS $529 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 56mLAS-DEN 12/9Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 56mDEN-LAS $983 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAlaska AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$70 or less$90 or less$170 or less$510 or less$980 or less Las Vegas - Denver Flights Departure: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Destination: Denver (DEN)United States Return flight deals: Denver - Las Vegas Cabin classes: $641 First Class flights to Denver $1,006 Business Class flights to Denver $770 Prem Econ Class flights to Denver $37 Economy Class flights to Denver Browse origins: Flights » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $25Flights from Las Vegas to Denver Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Colorado » Denver $25Flights to Denver, Denver Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Burbank Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Denver flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Denver from Las Vegas. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Denver from Las Vegas. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.