Car Rentals in India from C$ 59/day - Search for Rental Cars on KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW India car rentals Search hundreds of rental car sites at once for car rental deals in India Same drop-off Thu 7/12 Noon Thu 14/12 Noon Search Driver's age: 26-65Other Cheap car rentals in India Economy C$ 59/day Compact C$ 65/day Intermediate C$ 60/day Standard C$ 60/day Full-size C$ 92/day Full-size SUV C$ 92/day Mini C$ 59/day Premium C$ 475/day Passenger Van C$ 95/day Luxury C$ 90/day Intermediate station wagon C$ 109/day Standard SUV C$ 127/day Intermediate SUV C$ 148/day 2 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 4 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 2 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 5 Bags View Deal 4 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 5 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View DealBest rates found by KAYAK users in the past 48 hours. Top tips for renting a car in India Navigating in India can be complicated, especially when in-car GPS systems do not function well, as can happen in rural areas. It is advised to use a local SIM card to navigate with a phone-based maps system, and in fact, many car rental agencies such as SS Travels now offer the chance to rent a mobile phone along with the vehicle for a daily fee of around 1390 INR (20 USD). Although the best type of vehicle for your trip will depend largely on where you wish to go, travelers who choose to rent a car in India often prefer a four-wheel drive. This provides flexibility and stability on just about any type of terrain, from busy city streets to bumpy mountain roads. Plenty of space in the car is also important for carrying essentials like spare tires, flashlights, water, and extra gasoline. While there are no laws about the use of car seats for children in India, it is strongly recommended that children under 12 years of age should be restrained in an age-appropriate baby or booster seat. Most agencies, such as Hertz, can provide child seats for an additional fee of approximately 150 INR (2.20 USD) per day, but these must always be booked at least 24h in advance. Cross-border travel into neighboring countries like Pakistan and Bangladesh is generally not permitted to travelers who rent a car in India. One-way domestic rental is, however, a popular option thanks to the scale of the country; many agencies like Sixt and Avis allow this service for an additional fee of around 720 INR (10 USD) per rental. 25% of our users found rental cars in India for C$ 65 or less Book your rental car in India at least 1 day before your trip in order to get a below-average price Off-airport rental car locations in India are around 12% cheaper than airport locations on average Economy rental cars in India are around 55% cheaper than other car types, on average FAQs about renting a car in India How much does it cost to rent a car in India? On average a rental car in India costs C$ 115 per day. What is the most popular rental car in India? Economy (Class Economy Car or similar) is the most frequently booked rental car type in India. What is the cheapest car rental company in India? In the past 72 hours, the cheapest rental cars were found at SS Travels (C$ 59/day), Avis (C$ 60/day) and Hertz (C$ 65/day). How can I find car rentals near me in India? Take a look at our extensive car rental location map to find the best rental cars near you. Where should I rent a car in India? Based on car searches on KAYAK, the most popular cities to rent a car in India are New Delhi (49% of total searches of users looking to rent a car in India), Mumbai (18%) and Ahmedabad (8%). How much does it cost to rent a car for a week in India? On average a rental car in India costs C$ 563 per week (C$ 80 per day). How much does it cost to rent a car long term for a month in India? On average a rental car in India costs C$ 2,413 per month (C$ 80 per day). What is driving like in India? Road conditions can vary greatly, and cities are subject to immense traffic congestion. It is also important to watch out for hazards, such as potholes, landslides, and animals on the road, especially when straying away from the major cities. Driving is on the left in India, and there are several regulations to observe in terms of turning, intersections, and traffic lights. How old do you have to be to rent a car in India? The minimum age to rent a car in India is 18 years, with popular companies like Avis sticking to this limit. Some companies, however, have a higher age limit of 21 or 23 years. To rent a car in India you must present an International Driver’s Permit (IDP) and passport; the driver should also have held his or her domestic license for at least 1 year. How are gas prices in India? Gas prices in India can fluctuate considerably and are also subject to significant variation from city to city. On average, however, you can expect to pay around 75 INR (1.10 USD) for a liter of gasoline and 65 INR (0.95 USD) for a liter of diesel; this is around 4.16 USD per gallon of gasoline and 3.59 USD for a gallon of diesel. Gas stations are usually open from 7:00 am to 8:00 pm and are far more common in urban areas. What are the speed limits in India? Speed limits in India vary greatly from province to province, so it is essential to always carefully observe local signposts. As a general rule, you can expect to be limited to 50 km/h (31 mph) in urban areas and 80 km/h (50 mph) on both single-lane highways and national expressways. Car rental directory Instant Cabs car rental locations in India 67 LocationsSee all locations Europcar car rental locations in India 35 LocationsSee all locations keddy by Europcar car rental locations in India 28 LocationsSee all locations Car Club car rental locations in India 23 LocationsSee all locations SS Travels car rental locations in India 19 LocationsSee all locations MyChoize Car Rental car rental locations in India 16 LocationsSee all locations Myles car rental locations in India 16 LocationsSee all locations Avis car rental locations in India 14 LocationsSee all locations Eco Rent car rental locations in India 12 LocationsSee all locations Shouqi car rental locations in India 11 LocationsSee all locations MC&A car rental locations in India 10 LocationsSee all locations 1First Car Rental car rental locations in India 9 LocationsSee all locations Good to know Most popular agency Avis Most popular car type Economy Average price C$ 80/day Good deal C$ 65/day When to book a rental car in India Average daily price per month Rental car prices as pick-up date approaches Car rental locations in India Andhra Pradesh car rentals Bihar car rentals National Capital Territory of India car rentals Gujarat car rentals Haryana car rentals Kerala car rentals Madhya Pradesh car rentals Maharashtra car rentals Karnataka car rentals Odisha car rentals Punjab car rentals Rajasthan car rentals Tamil Nadu car rentals Uttar Pradesh car rentals West Bengal car rentals Goa car rentals Uttarakhand car rentals Jharkhand car rentals Telangana car rentals Popular car rental locations New Delhi car rentals Mumbai car rentals Ahmedabad car rentals Kochi car rentals Hyderabad car rentals Chennai car rentals Bengaluru car rentals Jaipur car rentals Panaji car rentals Chandigarh car rentals Kolkata car rentals Pune car rentals Jim Corbett National Park car rentals North Goa car rentals Wayanad car rentals South Goa car rentals Kodagu car rentals Leh District car rentals Cars Car rentals in Asia India car rentals The rates displayed include all taxes and fees for car rentals for the class listed and were found by KAYAK users in the last 48 hours. Offers are subject to change and may not be available on all car rentals listed or dates of travel. Some car rental providers charge additional fees for other services (GPS, infant car seats, etc.). Please check the car rental providers' sites. Cars Las Vegas Car Rentals Vancouver Car Rentals Sarnia Car Rentals Seville Car Rentals Tucson Car Rentals Mexico City Car Rentals Mississauga Car Rentals Vaughan Car Rentals Basel Car Rentals Brampton Car Rentals Glasgow Car Rentals Fort Lauderdale Car Rentals Montreal Car Rentals Chicago Car Rentals Orlando Car Rentals Phoenix Car Rentals Sudbury Car Rentals Edmonton Car Rentals Ottawa Car Rentals Toronto Car Rentals Salt Lake City Car Rentals Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for cheap rental cars in India with KAYAK and rent a car that suits you best. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the best rental car deal at car rental locations across India. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.