Cheap Flights from Vancouver Airport to Toronto Pearson from C$ 57 | (YVR - YYZ) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YVR - YYZ Find cheap flights from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport from C$ 57 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 6/3. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Toronto Pearson Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Toronto. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Vancouver to Toronto. How much is the cheapest flight from Vancouver Intl to Pearson Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Vancouver Intl to Pearson Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:00 a.m. - 3:59 p.m.YVR-YYZ 5h 59m1 stop 7:55 p.m. - 11:27 p.m.YYZ-YVR 6h 32m1 stop C$ 99Lynx Air Find Deal Fri, 5 Apr - Fri, 26 Apr 7:00 a.m. - 3:59 p.m.YVR-YYZ 5h 59m1 stop 7:55 p.m. - 11:27 p.m.YYZ-YVR 6h 32m1 stop C$ 100Lynx Air Find Deal Fri, 26 Apr - Mon, 29 Apr 11:15 p.m. - 6:50 a.m.YVR-YYZ 4h 35mdirect 7:50 a.m. - 10:15 a.m.YYZ-YVR 5h 25mdirect C$ 108Flair Airlines Find Deal Sun, 3 Mar - Thu, 14 Mar 7:00 a.m. - 3:59 p.m.YVR-YYZ 5h 59m1 stop 7:55 p.m. - 11:27 p.m.YYZ-YVR 6h 32m1 stop C$ 111Lynx Air Find Deal Mon, 15 Apr - Fri, 19 Apr 11:15 p.m. - 6:50 a.m.YVR-YYZ 4h 35mdirect 7:50 a.m. - 10:15 a.m.YYZ-YVR 5h 25mdirect C$ 130Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Thu, 1 Feb 7:45 a.m. - 3:08 p.m.YVR-YYZ 4h 23mdirect 8:10 p.m. - 10:11 p.m.YYZ-YVR 5h 01mdirect C$ 175Air Canada Find Deal Sun, 28 Jan - Sun, 28 Jan 6:00 p.m. - 1:23 a.m.YVR-YYZ 4h 23mdirect 7:35 a.m. - 9:54 a.m.YYZ-YVR 5h 19mdirect C$ 176Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Tue, 23 Jan 11:05 a.m. - 6:40 p.m.YVR-YYZ 4h 35mdirect 11:45 a.m. - 10:54 p.m.YYZ-YVR 14h 09m2 stops C$ 196Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Fri, 26 Jan 7:20 a.m. - 2:52 p.m.YVR-YYZ 4h 32mdirect 11:45 a.m. - 10:54 p.m.YYZ-YVR 14h 09m2 stops C$ 215Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Sun, 21 Jan 12:30 p.m. - 11:44 p.m.YVR-YYZ 8h 14m2 stops 10:20 p.m. - 12:42 a.m.YYZ-YVR 5h 22mdirect C$ 269WestJet Find Deal Sat, 20 Jan - Mon, 12 Feb Show more results Flights from Vancouver Intl to Pearson Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Vancouver Intl to Pearson Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Vancouver Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is January, where tickets cost C$ 201 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and August, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 437 and C$ 396 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 90 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport were found on Lynx Air (C$ 134) and Flair Airlines (C$ 147). Flair Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 57. Which airlines fly most frequently between Vancouver and Toronto Pearson Airport? Air Canada (9 flights per day), Porter Airlines (4 flights per day), and WestJet (3 flights per day) are the most frequent flyers of this route. Which airlines fly direct between Vancouver Intl Airport and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. There are 5 airlines that fly direct from Vancouver Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Flair Airlines, Lynx Air, Porter Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 115. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Vancouver Intl Airport and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 15 and 25 nonstop flights that take off from Vancouver Intl Airport and land in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 4h 30m. The most common departure time is 11:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 129 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Vancouver Intl Airport and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport take? The duration of a direct flight to Toronto Pearson Airport from Vancouver is typically 4h 23m. The journey crosses a distance of 5,381 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport at 6:00 am and will be landing in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 1:32 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Vancouver Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport jets off at 11:55 pm and lands at 7:15 am. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 57 Best time to beat the crowds (30% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (39% more expensive on average) Flight from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport When to book flights from Vancouver Intl to Pearson Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Vancouver Intl to Pearson Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport flights What are the common layover options for flights from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ)? Several airlines operate nonstop flights to Toronto Pearson Airport from Vancouver. However, other airlines offer flights with one stop or two stops en route. Swoop and Flair Airlines offer one-stop flights from Abbotsford International Airport (YXX) to Toronto Pearson Airport with a common stop being at Edmonton (YEG). Passengers flying on single-stop flights from YXX to YYZ with either Air Canada or Lynx Air will have their layover in Calgary (YYC). How can I fly sustainably from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson International Airport? On average, passengers travelling from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson International Airport emit about 1414 kg of CO2. Consider flying with Lynx Air, WestJet, or Flair Airlines if you want to reduce your carbon emissions during your travel. These three airlines have some of the most highly-rated eco-friendly flights that give approximately 23%, 22%, and 22% fewer carbon emissions, respectively. The airlines also offer nonstop flights to further help reduce CO2 emissions. Can I fly from Vancouver to Toronto non-stop? It is possible to fly directly from Vancouver to Toronto with several companies, including Air Canada, WestJet, and Flair Airlines. Some journeys require layovers, usually occurring in Calgary. Are there any on-site hotels at Toronto Pearson International Airport? There is one hotel that is directly attached to Toronto Pearson International Airport, the Sheraton Gateway in Terminal 3. There are also a few hotels that are less than a 10min walk from the airport, such as the Holiday Inn Toronto International Airport and the Best Western Plus Toronto Airport Hotel. Booking a room at one of these hotels can be a great option for travelers that have flights arriving late. Does Vancouver International Airport have any services or facilities for families? If you are traveling with little ones, take note of the nurseries that are found in each terminal, which contain playpens, changing tables, and cribs. Several play areas have interactive games and a variety of activities to entertain kids while you wait to board your flight. Does Toronto Pearson International Airport provide any services for passengers with limited mobility? Toronto Pearson International Airport is completely wheelchair accessible and has its own wheelchairs that can be used by passengers. If you will need help navigating through the airport, make sure to call your airline ahead of time. They will arrange to have an employee help you through security and with boarding. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport? Air Canada, Delta, and WestJet offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Vancouver and Toronto Pearson Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport? There are direct flights from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Vancouver to Toronto, Porter Airlines or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Vancouver to Toronto are Porter Airlines and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 397 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 450 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Toronto Pearson Airport from Vancouver is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Toronto Pearson Airport with an airline and back to Vancouver with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Toronto Pearson Airport from Vancouver up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Vancouver to Toronto Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 140 or less one-way and C$ 244 or less round-trip. Flights from Vancouver to Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) usually depart from either Vancouver International Airport (YVR) or Abbotsford International Airport (YXX). Of the two, the former is the better airport to fly out of as it will grant you more flight choices. Toronto Pearson Airport is the main airport that serves the Toronto metropolis and the surrounding region of Golden Horseshoe. The airport is a hub for Air Canada, Flair Airlines, and Porter Airlines; thus you will find many flights to this airport are offered by these airlines. Looking for a way to avoid the long queues when travelling to YYZ from Vancouver? Consider booking your flight from Abbotsford Airport. This airport handles less traffic than the other airports offering flights to YYZ; thus you will hardly get any long queues when travelling through this airport. Vancouver International Airport (YVR) is the second largest airport in Canada and is the main airport in British Columbia. As it is a hub for both Air Canada and WestJet, you will find that many flights between Vancouver and Toronto are operated by these airlines. There are a few different ways to travel to Vancouver International Airport from the city's downtown to catch your flight. If you decide to drive or take a taxi, it will take around 20min. You can also take the local SkyTrain, which is about 30min and costs approximately C$ 4.25. If you will be landing at Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ), there are a few ways for you to get to the city center. If you rent a car or grab a taxi, you can plan on the drive taking between 25-35min, depending on traffic conditions at the time. The Union Pearson Express train is also an option, which departs from Pearson Airport and arrives at Union Station in Downtown Toronto in about 25min. A one-way ticket will cost around C$ 12.35. For those that are traveling to Toronto for business and are on a tight schedule will find it convenient to land at Toronto Pearson, as it is just a 20min drive from the city’s Financial District. If you arrive at Vancouver International Airport early, consider relaxing at one of the several Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounges, which can be found in the Domestic Departures terminal. There are also a few Plaza Premium Lounges in this terminal, and rates start at around C$ 56 per traveler. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Vancouver Intl to Toronto Pearson Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Vancouver Intl to Pearson Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Vancouver Intl to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +26 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +27 more 25 26 Tuesday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +25 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +26 more 24 25 Wednesday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +26 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +27 more 25 26 Thursday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +26 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +27 more 25 26 Friday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +28 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +29 more 27 28 Saturday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +24 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +25 more 23 24 Sunday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +25 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +26 more 24 25 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Toronto Pearson Intl to Vancouver Intl Search flights Monday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +26 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +27 more 25 26 Tuesday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +26 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +27 more 25 26 Wednesday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +26 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +27 more 25 26 Thursday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +26 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +27 more 25 26 Friday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +26 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +27 more 25 26 Saturday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +26 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +27 more 25 26 Sunday ANA,Aer Lingus,Air Canada, +25 more ANA,Aer Lingus, +26 more 24 25 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Vancouver Intl to Pearson Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Vancouver to Toronto. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Vancouver Intl to Pearson Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9260 reviews 70entertainment 80overall 71food 84crew 77comfort 81boarding Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was very patient to get all the passengers' needs from gate-to-gate. The flight was very smooth, landing to takeoff, and arrived on-time!"Read more about WestJet Pros: "The crew was very patient to get all the passengers' needs from gate-to-gate. The flight was very smooth, landing to takeoff, and arrived on-time!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "If the flight just got cancelled from the get-go and if the airline reimbursed us or gave us flight credit." Pros: "Crew did a great job. Smiling and friendly. Food for purchase was expensive but pretty reasonably for airplane prices" Cons: "No in flight entertainment made for a long flight" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Everything, this is the fist and last time we flight with you guys, flight delayed, my husband was not in the system, lost connection, and in our way back same thing, worse experience ever" Cons: "The quality of the video streaming was really low. It was disappointing." Pros: "On time and friendly crew, plenty of leg room as well." Pros: "Friendly crew" Cons: "Food not provided. No in-seat entertainment. Late take-off on every single leg of my trip" Pros: "Crew are always the best on WJ:) All smiles, real people, love it :)" Cons: "On board entertainment not working :(" Pros: "The legroom in economy was good. The staff were very pleasant and they even tried to comfort/distract a crying toddler." Cons: "The flight was delayed for 2 1/2 hours which meant that it didn't arrive in Toronto until 2:40am, this made it difficult for being picked up. I wasn't aware that this was a basic ticket (I bought it through 3rd party website) which meant that I couldn't prebook my seat. After checkin online and paying for the seat it also meant that the seat couldn't be changed even though there were several available seats. There were no entertainment centres at each seat which was also a real surprise. I didn't have the Westjet app therefore I couldn't have access to the movies as I didn't want to have to pay for internet." Cons: "Aisle seat in the last row...what a miserable experience. Unpleasant smell whenever someone does a number two in the lavatory. People hovering over you as they wait to use the lavatory, and constantly bumping into you as they walk by (an unfortunate consequence of the obesity epidemic). The area where parents bring their babies to cry. Seat does not recline so no relief on my back. Seat in front reclines so even less space for me. One of the last to leave the plane...particulary slow on my trip as suggested by the comments made by flight attendants." New jet. Lots of leg room. On time departure. Early arrival. Reasonable airfare. Excellent online experience. Porter uses the intelligent and logical way of boarding a plane - from the back. Nothing , two weeks of dealing with booking glitches on porters side , as our main international carrier was fine ,we were assured. When we got to check in everything would be smooth , we were confirmed there would be no issues, guess what happened? After an hour and a half at check inn we were told there was technical glitch involving payment we may not be able to fly , which would have set off a catastrophic chain , the undue stress on my family was unbearable . They really communicated well advised well in advance of a delay. Contacted to tell me it was almost time to go and to do a check in. I can't praise the crew enough on how fantastic they where West Jet could learn alot from Porter about customer satisfaction Porter, like most airlines, need to improve their baggage policies. In reality, there are no longer 'cheap flights' because passengers pay exorbitant baggage fees. Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "There is a Covid-19 outbreak and this airline refused to change my flight. They are a disgrace." Pros: "The crew is always friendly at Porter. The free wine is awesome." Cons: "There’s no entertainment." Pros: "The crew was friendly and helpful. Also enjoyed the legroom." Cons: "I paid $48 for a carry on bag at the airport, I was never informed about this fee at any point during my purchase of the flight. This is half of what I paid for the ticket originally, completely unacceptable. I will never buy again on Kayak's website if I get sneaky, last minute fees like this." Pros: "Overall, flight are great. Watched two movies for free. Staff was attentive." Cons: "Should have more variety in menu" Pros: "All flights to Toronto were delayed due to weather, which really wasn’t bad, but these things happen. The crew, however, weren’t empathetic at all. When it came to food, they ran out and again their empathy was quite lacking. Air Canada really needs to step up their people skills. They will lose customers to airlines that demonstrate that they care (eg WestJet) if they keep this up. This is not an isolated experience for me. They have lost us as a customer. I won’t fly Air Canada again if I have other options, and I’m willing to pay more for the same flight just to avoid them." Cons: "Non-empathetic crew" Cons: "Started off by being 40 mins delayed. Not bad, compared to the 4 hour delay I had going to Vancouver. Flight was super uncomfortable. Upon arrival to Toronto. The gate had ice on it. So we had to wait in the plane for over an hour before we could get to a gate and off the plane. And then the entire plane of people (300-400 people I believe?) had to wait for our bags to come out for TWO HOURS! Meanwhile flights from Vancouver that we’re supposed to leave after us , left before us, got there before us, and got their bags before us. Horrible trip. I could not believe how unprofessional and unprepared Air Canada and the Toronto airport was during the holidays!" Cons: "My flight was at 6 am and I fell ill with strep throat the morning of. I had not gotten flight cancellation insurance so I had no choice but to board the flight while feeling sick. The illness got rapidly worse and before I knew it I had a fever and was nauseous and dizzy and was overall feeling terrible. For the first half of the flight I tried to sit through it, but it became too much as I was squished into a middle seat and was overheating extremely due to the fever and started to get overwhelmed and felt claustrophobic. At this point I decided that I could not wait out the rest of the flight in this middle seat so I went to talk to the flight attendants to ask to be moved to a seat with more space. Now, I had not slept at all the night before (because I had to take the bus to the airport at 2 am) and felt very overwhelmed with being so sick and so when I went to talk to the flight attendant I started to cry and told them I was feeling claustrophobic and wished to be moved to a seat with more space because I was very ill. I emphasized that I was sick and had to repeat this many times, but the flight attendants seemed to think I was having an anxiety episode even though I repeated many times that I was very sick. It took them HALF AN HOUR to find me a new seat. I spent this time standing while I felt extremely dizzy like I was going to pass out. I feel the situation was handled very poorly. Two of your flight attendants started trying to counsel me on anxiety and seemed to completely disregard the fact that I was extremely ill and that was causing me to feel claustrophobic (to put things in perspective, I spent the next 3 days unable to move from my dads couch, unable to eat anything, and had to be taken to the hospital because I could not even drink water). The illness started right before I was getting on the plane and at the time of boarding I had no idea how quickly it would get so bad. As an example of how poorly this was handled, one of the flight attendants handed me a pen and told me to "name my anxiety, and why I was feeling anxious and to write reasons that this may make me feel anxious" it was ridiculous. Here I was, about to pass out I was so dizzy and it took them half an hour to find me a new seat (I understand that the flight was very full but there were empty seats available). I kept repeating, I feel dizzy, I feel nauseous, I'm very sick, I need to sit down, please find me a seat and they spent half an hour trying to give me a therapy session on anxiety. I am extremely unhappy with this experience and feel like it was dealt with terribly by the staff on board. When a customer says I'm very ill with a fever and it's causing them to feel claustrophobic and they need to be moved to a seat with more room, the staff should not spend half an hour trying to counsel them on anxiety while the customer is standing there about to pass out. This experience made me feel like I wish to avoid traveling with Air Canada in the future." Pros: "Air Canada has one of the best buy on board menu's of any North American carrier. They even allow you to purchase Business Class meals (subject to availability of course). Flying on the older 767-300ER also has more shoulder and leg room than some of Air Canada's newer configurations for the 787 and 777." Cons: "Air Canada's boarding process is a bit frustrating. On American Airlines and United Flight attendants make announcements over the PA to (a) step out of the aisle to let people pass, and (b) place larger suitcases in the overhead and smaller bags under the seat. That way they try to ensure there is enough bin space to accommodate everyone. Passengers on Air Canada stuff everything in to the overhead bin and nothing under their seat, leaving little for those boarding after and delaying the flight because flight attendants are looking for bin space. If they were more pro-active, it would speed things up." Pros: "Your customers are nicer than your staff." Cons: "Firstly I will start with the lack of service we provided when trying to get seats together after checking in online. We rang and were told to try at the airport counter. Then at the airport counter we were told to try at the gate and then at the gate when I went to ask I was told to go get both tickets before they told us that there was no 2 seats together anyway rather than looking first. All whilst explaining this was our honeymoon and we would really like to sit together as husband and wife. Then once we boarded the guy sitting next to me was happy to swap seats with my wife as he had back problems and had asked for an aisle seat but was denied. Finally we are underway and I find that my entertainment touch screen doesn't work so even though it is one i can't select anything to watch. Plus to top it off the seat arm rest was broken. Obviously with a fairly full flight with no 2 seats together their wasn't much that could be done immediately but where is the maintenance and actual physical plane quality? Do your engineers or staff not check things? Overall dispite this being our national carrier I am ashamed to claim that. Many of our overseas visitors for the wedding from Australia and Europe also had similar complaints." Pros: "It was average" Cons: "My connections were tight from the start. Then when the flight from Vancouver was late leaving, it caused me to come very, very close to missing my CVG connection. I had to find & clear customs before I could even go to my gate. Getting thru customs was like being in a maze. I showed my passport 4 times in the process & finally someone helped me to fill out the electronic form. I made it to my gate in the nick of time just as they were ready to close the door. They radioed ahead to let 2 more people on that plane. Then I get on and someone is sitting in the seat that I previously purchased. The flight attendant didn't make them move either. Air Canada's practices suck! I will never fly Air Canada again." Cons: "My seat assignment was changed without my knowledge. There was a charge for my one suitcase. Most other airlines do not charge for a suitcase unless it is more then one." Pros: "This time around around the crew was fantastic!" Cons: "There used to be meals on longer flights. Now, not even a bag of peanuts." Cons: "This flight was delayed by 45 minutes which made me miss my connecting flight. I asked the flight attendants if they could help me get to the front of the plane to see if I could catch my connecting flight and they wouldn't help me. Due to this I had to wait over 4 and a half hours at the airport wheee another 350 people were waiting for accommodations. I was in the airport until 4:30 in the morning because there weren't enough air cansas representatives. In addition, they were working really slowly because they kept getting up to chat with eachother." Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Vancouver to Toronto Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Vancouver to Toronto found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 6/3Wed directFlair Airlines 4h 35mYVR-YYZ C$ 42 Search 6/3Wed directFlair Airlines 4h 35mYVR-YYZ C$ 43 Search 15/4Mon 1 stopLynx Air 5h 59mYVR-YYZ C$ 56 Search 1/4Mon 1 stopLynx Air 5h 59mYVR-YYZ C$ 57 Search 9/1Tue directAir Canada 4h 32mYVR-YYZ C$ 83 Search 13/12Wed directWestJet 4h 33mYVR-YYZ C$ 95 Search 28/1Sun directPorter Airlines 4h 35mYVR-YYZ C$ 103 Search 9/1Tue 1 stopPorter Airlines 12h 16mYVR-YYZ C$ 115 Search 10/12Sun directAir Canada 4h 32mYVR-YYZ C$ 139 Search 11/12Mon 1 stopWestJet 6h 38mYVR-YYZ C$ 152 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesLynx AirAir CanadaWestJetPorter Airlines Search by priceC$ 40 or lessC$ 60 or lessC$ 100 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 150 or less Last minute flights from Vancouver Intl to Pearson Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Vancouver to Toronto that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 4h 35mYVR-YYZ 27/1Sat directFlair Airlines 5h 25mYYZ-YVR C$ 200 Search 5/12Tue directLynx Air 4h 25mYVR-YYZ 9/12Sat directLynx Air 5h 33mYYZ-YVR C$ 240 Search 4/12Mon directLynx Air 4h 25mYVR-YYZ 6/12Wed directLynx Air 5h 33mYYZ-YVR C$ 252 Search 5/12Tue directFlair Airlines 4h 35mYVR-YYZ 6/12Wed directFlair Airlines 5h 25mYYZ-YVR C$ 259 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 8h 21mYVR-YYZ 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 27h 15mYYZ-YVR C$ 361 Search 4/12Mon directPorter Airlines 4h 32mYVR-YYZ 8/12Fri directPorter Airlines 5h 19mYYZ-YVR C$ 363 Search 2/12Sat directPorter Airlines 4h 35mYVR-YYZ 9/12Sat directPorter Airlines 5h 19mYYZ-YVR C$ 391 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 7h 23mYVR-YYZ 9/12Sat multi-stopWestJet 11h 42mYYZ-YVR C$ 392 Search 4/12Mon directAir Canada 4h 20mYVR-YYZ 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 11h 04mYYZ-YVR C$ 671 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 12h 20mYVR-YYZ 4/12Mon multi-stopAir Canada 19h 03mYYZ-YVR C$ 729 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesLynx AirWestJetPorter AirlinesAir Canada Search by priceC$ 240 or lessC$ 260 or lessC$ 360 or lessC$ 390 or lessC$ 730 or less Vancouver - Toronto Pearson Airport Flights Departure: Vancouver (YVR)Canada Destination: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Return flight deals: Toronto Pearson Airport - Vancouver Cabin classes: C$ 1,440 First Class flights to Toronto C$ 2,052 Business Class flights to Toronto C$ 472 Prem Econ Class flights to Toronto C$ 145 Economy Class flights to Toronto Browse origins: Flights » Canada » British Columbia » Vancouver Airport C$ 145Flights from Vancouver Intl Airport to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 145Flights to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, Toronto Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Ottawa Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Kelowna Flights to Kamloops Flights to Yellowknife Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Toronto Pearson Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Toronto Pearson Airport from Vancouver. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Toronto Pearson Airport from Vancouver. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.