Cheap Flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston from $29 | (FLL - BOS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW FLL - BOS Find cheap flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/23. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Boston These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Fort Lauderdale to Boston. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Fort Lauderdale to Boston. How much is the cheapest flight from Fort Lauderdale to Boston?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:40 pm - 11:57 pmFLL-BOS 3h 17mnonstop 8:28 pm - 11:59 pmBOS-FLL 3h 31mnonstop $70Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Tue, Jan 23 5:35 pm - 8:51 pmFLL-BOS 3h 16mnonstop 9:51 pm - 1:22 amBOS-FLL 3h 31mnonstop $71Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Thu, Jan 18 8:40 pm - 11:57 pmFLL-BOS 3h 17mnonstop 9:51 pm - 1:22 amBOS-FLL 3h 31mnonstop $72Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Sat, Jan 27 6:30 am - 9:44 amFLL-BOS 3h 14mnonstop 9:51 pm - 1:22 amBOS-FLL 3h 31mnonstop $73Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Sat, Jan 27 5:35 pm - 8:51 pmFLL-BOS 3h 16mnonstop 11:00 am - 2:29 pmBOS-FLL 3h 29mnonstop $74Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Sat, Jan 20 1:16 pm - 7:33 amFLL-BOS 18h 17m2 stops 4:44 pm - 10:54 pmBOS-FLL 6h 10m1 stop $127 Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Jan 16 9:43 pm - 9:12 amFLL-BOS 11h 29m1 stop 7:50 pm - 9:28 amBOS-FLL 13h 38m1 stop $138 Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Mon, Dec 18 1:16 pm - 7:33 amFLL-BOS 18h 17m2 stops 8:33 am - 3:17 pmBOS-FLL 6h 44m1 stop $146Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Fri, Dec 15 10:22 am - 4:03 pmFLL-BOS 5h 41m1 stop 4:00 pm - 10:42 pmBOS-FLL 6h 42m1 stop $227JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Apr 12 - Tue, Apr 16 4:25 pm - 12:05 amFLL-BOS 7h 40m1 stop 3:56 pm - 7:35 pmBOS-FLL 3h 39mnonstop $228JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Apr 12 - Tue, Apr 16 Show more results Flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? The average price of all flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Boston on a Thursday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from Fort Lauderdale to Boston. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Tuesday and avoiding Fridays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston is September, where tickets cost $152 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $271 and $262 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Fort Lauderdale to Boston, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 31 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Fort Lauderdale to Boston found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $70 on Spirit Airlines, followed by Frontier ($146). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $29 on Spirit Airlines and from $64 on Delta. Which airlines fly most frequently between Fort Lauderdale and Boston? Delta connects Fort Lauderdale to Boston with up to 3 flights per day. JetBlue also offers 3 flights per day, while Spirit Airlines follows with 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Fort Lauderdale and Boston? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Fort Lauderdale to Boston. They are: Delta, JetBlue and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $55 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Fort Lauderdale and Boston per day? Each day, there are between 8 and 10 nonstop flights that take off from Fort Lauderdale and land in Boston, with an average flight time of 3h 16m. The most common departure time is 8:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 63 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Fort Lauderdale and Boston? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Fort Lauderdale to Boston take? Nonstop flights from Fort Lauderdale generally make it to Boston in 3h 06m. The flying distance between the two cities is 1,238 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Fort Lauderdale at 7:05 am and will be landing in Boston at 10:18 am. What’s the latest departure time from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Fort Lauderdale to Boston jets off at 10:00 pm and lands at 1:09 am. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 18% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 14% increase in price. Flight from Fort Lauderdale to Boston When to book flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Fort Lauderdale to Boston based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston Does Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) have an airport hotel? The Hilton Boston Logan Airport is the place to stay if you wish to reside within the airport. The sky bridge connects the airport hotel to Terminals A and E. The hotel offers day rooms, overnight stays, and an onsite restaurant where non-guests can grab a meal. What family services are offered at Boston Logan International Airport? BOS offers baby care facilities. Nursing rooms with fold-down tables, comfortable seating, power outlets, and sometimes sinks are present in Terminals A, B, and C. The airport also has a rest area, a quiet place with rocking chairs where you can soothe your fussy baby. There are also children's play areas for passengers traveling with older kids. You'll find the play ports around Gate 18, 30-36, and 25. What are the transport options from Boston Logan International Airport? The Logan Express is a bus service operating between BOS and downtown. The Logan Express also connects all terminals and will get you downtown in about 30min. The MBTA Public transportation is another great option. They operate the Blue Line subway and the Silver Line bus rapid transit from BOS. Taxis are also available at the arrivals area of each terminal. Self-driving is also an option; Avis, Budget, Dollar, Enterprise, Hertz, and National have counters at the BOS rental car center. Which accessible services are offered at Boston Logan International Airport? BOS has accessible restrooms and family restrooms in all terminals. Elevators are available in garages and terminals, and they have braille-coded buttons. Service animals are allowed through BOS, and relief areas are provided. Terminals have two levels; all levels are accessible ramps from the curbside and elevators to upper levels. The airport also has audio-visual announcements with closed captioning for the hard at hearing. TDD telephones are also provided at BOS. Do I need a passport to fly between Fort Lauderdale and Boston? A passport is not required to fly from Fort Lauderdale to Boston. Which airports will I be using when flying from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? Fort Lauderdale airport is called Fort Lauderdale and the only airport in Boston is Boston Logan Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Fort Lauderdale to Boston flight route: JetBlue, American Airlines, Delta, Finnair, Alaska Airlines, Iberia, and Air Canada. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? The Boeing 737-800 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Fort Lauderdale to Boston flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? SkyTeam, oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Fort Lauderdale and Boston, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? There are nonstop flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $258 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $248 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Boston from Fort Lauderdale is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Boston with an airline and back to Fort Lauderdale with another airline. Booking your flights between Fort Lauderdale and BOS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Boston from Fort Lauderdale up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from FLL to Boston Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $91 or less one-way and $108 or less round-trip. Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) consists of four terminals and eight concourses. The airport runs a courtesy shuttle between the terminals, rental car center, and parking garages, which run 24h a day. FLL welcomes all your furry companions. Pets should remain within their carriers at the airport. FLL has provided four relief areas, all of them outdoors and on the lowest level of each terminal's baggage claim area. Around 637 kg of carbon is emitted per passenger on flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston. You can get eco-friendlier flights from Spirit Airlines, United Airlines, and JetBlue. Their flights from FLL to Boston emit 50%, 47%, and 46% less carbon per passenger. If you have some business to handle before your flight to Boston, you're welcome to use the business center at FLL. The business center is on the lower level of International Arrivals in Terminal 1. Services offered include faxing, copying, currency exchange, printing, internet access, and many more. Relax and unwind at the FLL airline lounges before your flight to Boston. Delta and United Airlines operate lounges at FLL, where admittance requires a one-time fee and your flight ticket. The Delta lounge is in Terminal 2, and United Club is in Terminal 1. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Fort Lauderdale to Boston Logan Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Fort Lauderdale to Logan Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Fort Lauderdale to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Boston Logan Intl to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +12 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +13 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Fort Lauderdale to Boston See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Fort Lauderdale to Boston. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Fort Lauderdale to Boston? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19619 reviews 82comfort 79entertainment 83boarding 78food 82overall 86crew Airline reviews Late as usual. Don’t remember the last time I was on an on-time JetBlue flight. Worse part about JetBlue being late is that they provide very little, if any updates. The entertainment screens had to be rebooted twice once airborne before they started working. The new free internet never did work the entire flight.Read more about JetBlue Late as usual. Don’t remember the last time I was on an on-time JetBlue flight. Worse part about JetBlue being late is that they provide very little, if any updates. The entertainment screens had to be rebooted twice once airborne before they started working. The new free internet never did work the entire flight. Pros: "Jet blue flights seem generally good. Like the WiFi access to be Able to use flight time efficiently." Pros: "Tv control broken with wires coming out of the arm rest in all seats of the same row." Cons: "The flight crew was completely disinterested in their work, bordering on rude (but not quite). The whole group, not just one individual. The folks at the gate weren't much better. Another JetBlue flight another delay. This time 47 minute delayed departure." Pros: "Crew was pleasant" Cons: "Entertainment was archaic and inconsistent Information flow lacked timeliness for delays Rebooking system was extremely painfull" Pros: "Crews were great." Cons: "The seats on both aircraft were small, and the 777 seats are ridiculously small. Hundreds of flights and this was the worst. Keep your small seats for short local flights, not long international ones!!!" Pros: "The available movies were pretty good." Cons: "The crew member serving the food was way too slow." Cons: "Flight was 3 1/2 hours delayed. In-flight entertainment system didn’t function. They didn’t perform a beverage/snack service. Very poor overall. Disappointing." Cons: "Our flight was delayed 4 times. We then sat on the runway for an extra 45 minutes because someone’s tv did not work. We missed our set transportation which was already rescheduled 4 times and had to pay $150 Uber to get home" Pros: "Crew was awesome, warm, welcoming friendly and accommodating. We had the opportunity to use their new TV system and it was 1000% better than the other screeens. I didn’t pair my phone but I don’t think I could have watched Netflix like I wanted to." Cons: "Teleportation would have been better but jet blue is great for now." The boarding agents appeared to do the minimum customer service. They did not appear to try to find solutions to problems. Pros: "Nice plane, good service and pilots, great landing - no issues at all." Cons: "Flight attendant in First class was visibly frustrated and unfriendly. He was not helping with my simple request for a blanket. Also, the were no food service in first class." Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Cons: "Flight was 1,5 hr delayed, which almost caused me to miss my connecting flight" Cons: "Wheelchair shortage on arrival, although I had one reserved. Waited for a while then walked. Not ideal. Very long wait for bus to rental car center." Pros: "Loved being in first class" Cons: "Hated gate change and late plane at the last minute." Cons: "We thought we were flying AirFrance as our emails came from them and were surprised to learn after waiting in the AirFrance baggage drop queue for 30 mins that we were in the wrong place." Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Pros: "The plane was really cool. Some more advanced technologies than other Airline companies. Crew was good too." Cons: "Issue happened with my landing. Didn't make it in time to next gate. Delta did everything they could to blame me, insulted me on The phone and definitely provided the worst customer service" Pros: "Great, friendly crew and excellent customer service from flight attendants." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "My first flight was delayed so I had to run 10mins non stop to my connecting flight to HNL. When I get to my flight they changed my seat to a middle seat. I don’t book a flight unless I have a window seat, so I asked them to change it back to a window seat. They were unable to but offered me a flight the next day, which is unacceptable. Then I arrive to my destination and I have no luggage. I was able to make my connecting flight but somehow my luggage was not. When I inquired about my lost luggage I was told to check baggage claim later tonight. No clear answer on how to get my luggage." Pros: "Seats were pretty comfortable" Cons: "In-flight entertainment depended on the Wi-Fi working. It did not work the whole flight." Pros: "Everybody was wonderful. All the staff were friendly and the flight was great." Cons: "I volunteered to gate check my instruments (which I NEVER do because it’s not my hobby, it’s my livelihood). When I did, I made very clear that I’ll ONLY do it if it’s handed to me at the gate when I arrive. It CANNOT go into baggage claim because it’s 2 $3000, left handed, vintage Paul McCartney basses packed in one bag. The gentleman assured me that I’d have it handed to me upon arrival. It isn’t designed to go through the rough handling of people I’ve never met or trusted. So I got to Denver and waited at the gate until someone told me, “oh no that’s gonna be down in baggage claim” Needless to say, I’m scared to death and I don’t even know where $6000 worth of instruments of mine, is right now. I wish people would communicate when they promise things." Pros: "The plane was nice and in good shape. They had beverage service for a very quick flight which is nice. Can't rate food or entertainment because only hour or so flight." Cons: "It was freezing in the plane and I'm never cold. When I asked for a blanket they had none!!! They had just announced whatever they can do to make your flight more comfortable ask them. Not true, just words. Disappointed after the great treatment after flying ANA." Pros: "That seats next to me were empty so I was able to sleep comfortably." Cons: "That my ears don't work well, so it's hard to hear the movies." Pros: "The crew was friendly and helpful. We were always informed of what was going on." Cons: "Because of missed connection I had to go from Dulles to Reagan airport" Pros: "The flight attendants were fairly nice and understanding .!" Cons: "At first the flight was okay with minimal tuberlance , later in the flight the pilot seem as if she lost control at one point . Not to mention the landing was by far the worst landing ever . We were late and the landing was horrible , I thought we were going to crash. On top of that we were late which was a big inconvenience to find out my flight was a four hour delay and I had to be at work. I'm very unhappy . No reimbursement , no change of flight no courtesy flight. This is my first time flying and I'm NOT impressed at all.! I watch the girl throw around our luggage with mine being damaged as I watched her throw my bag around .! That is unfair and by far the worst experience ever!" Pros: "Free TV since we were 2 hours delayed" Cons: "4 delays in 1 day on 2 flights. 2 gate changes with no relay of info and to top it all off my wife and i were reassigned to separate seats at the last minute by the airline and very rudely told to deal with it and to calm down when I simply asked why. We were appalled and embarrassed in front of many others in the gate boarding area. The gate agent in Houston has no place in customer service and was on some kind of a power trip. This surprised me with recent events. We are done with United now for many reasons" Pros: "The cheap price of the flight." Cons: "The flight attendant took my bag out of the overhead compartment and made me check it. It was the same bag I used flying to Florida and did not have any issues with it. She insisted it was too big. I told her it obviously fit just fine because she took it out easily and that it was regulation size and weight. I was not happy at all. I paid to sit up front and get on first to put my bag in the overhead compartment for a reason! I’ve used this bag several times with no issues. I spent an extra 35 minutes trying to get my bag and leave the airport that I didn’t have to spare. She had no regard for incredible inconvenience it caused me." Pros: "Captain was informative but not too talkative. Left on time and arrived 20 min early" Cons: "It was a 6 pm take off and the only food available for purchase was a “snack pack”. A tiny piece of beef jerky with crackers, cheese, and 10 Chocolate covered blueberries for $6.00. Made the mistake of not eating before and was silly to be expecting more from a discount airline I guess." Cons: "All went well, I think thAt on flight 3 hours or more beverages and a snack should be free." Cons: "Stuck on tarmac for 40 min after landing Then waited another hour for luggage to be delivered. If you’re going to force us to check bags the. Please ensure the system is working at the airport!!" Pros: "Off boarding was fine" Cons: "So, Fort Lauderdale doesn’t have much Frontier service, so the desk is only manned about 90 minutes prior to boarding. No signs or indication of this means a lot of angry travelers standing inline for unknown amount of time. I’m sure the desk staff love everyone yelling at them. Dumb business model." Pros: "Crew was great. Fast flight. Lots of information from the pilot" Cons: "I canceled this flight as well as another return flight from Frontier within 24 hours and was still charged $99 per flight for cancellations. I will never bother with Frontier again and was warned not to before hand." Pros: "the fare was cheap, but then we could not choose seats, get a boarding pass, pay for checked luggage, basically do anything with the reservation until check in at the airport. That was not clear when we booked the reservation." Cons: "I HATE having to fill out surveys like this." Pros: "Getting to Nashville eventually" Cons: "The 2 hours delay departure. The crew had no idea what happened. It was a big secret" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Frontier had 2 flights out of FLL all day. 1st scheduled to leave at 10am to Trenton. Our's to Cincy at 4. Trenton put passengers in and they sat on the tarmac back the APU was broke (essentially plane's starter). Then people finally were able to get off the plane. Meanwhile, our flight to Cincy couldn't leave because the airport wouldn't let us use a different gate! Apparently, Frontier wasn't paying what the City wanted so we sat there waiting for over 6 hours though our plane was at a different part of the airport waiting on is, we couldn't board and leave!!!" Cons: "They lost my luggage and I’m still waiting for it." Pros: "It got us back home" Cons: "Not as cheap as you think after all the add ons" Pros: "It was as advertised, so as long as you plan for your travel with Spirit, you are good." Cons: "I booked through a third party and they gave me two confirmation codes. When I checked in my luggage, the desk worker guaranteed me that I wouldn't have to pay for my luggage a second time (because it was an international flight, I had to get my luggage and re-check it after entering the states.) When I went to re-check my luggage, the Spirit worker charged me $50. Customer service has said they will refund me $20." Cons: "I arrived at the airport in time but at the ticket counter they said I was three minutes late for check in and would not allow me to check in and get on the flight. As a result, I missed my flight home after Thanksgiving and had to miss a day of work and pay for cab and accommodations for the night. I also had to pay $100 for a flight change fee. It felt like there was no interest in customer service. Instead I found "gotchya" policies that seemed designed to generate extra fees. There were other frustrated Spirit customers at the ticket counter as well. I would not recommend Spirit going forward." Pros: "Nothing at all" Cons: "Never again! Will I fly this poor excuse for an airline!" Cons: "The flight on the first leg of my trip was cancelled, which was a great inconvenience." Pros: "This was my first time with Spirit and I am very pleased with my flights. On time departure and arrival." Pros: "They moved my flight out by almost 2 hours and then while we were in route to the airport for a later flight they bumped it back causing us to miss the flight and incur a $300 expense to get home with a different airline. Offered us no compensation either. Most airlines when they mess up give you a free voucher for another flight. Totally classless...try owning it next time Spirit! I for one would never fly you again." Pros: "Credit is only good to book travel within 2 months so in reality I lost the full ticket amount. My fault for using Spirit" JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Fort Lauderdale to Boston found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/23Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 17mFLL-BOS $29 Search 1/10Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 15mFLL-BOS $34 Search 2/20Tue nonstopDelta 3h 14mFLL-BOS $64 Search 12/12Tue 2 stopsFrontier 18h 17mFLL-BOS $67 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopFrontier 18h 06mFLL-BOS $88 Search 1/28Sun nonstopDelta 3h 13mFLL-BOS $99 Search 12/22Fri nonstopJetBlue 3h 11mFLL-BOS $114 Search 12/23Sat 1 stopJetBlue 8h 46mFLL-BOS $119 Search 2/27Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 21h 36mFLL-BOS $190 Search 1/31Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 17h 22mFLL-BOS $199 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesDeltaFrontierJetBlueUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$70 or less$100 or less$120 or less$200 or less Last minute flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 17mFLL-BOS 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 02mBOS-FLL $115 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 47mFLL-BOS 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 02mBOS-FLL $135 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 53mFLL-BOS 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 32mBOS-FLL $317 Search 12/2Sat nonstopJetBlue 3h 16mFLL-BOS 12/2Sat nonstopJetBlue 3h 33mBOS-FLL $443 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 9h 09mFLL-BOS 12/7Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 38mBOS-FLL $452 Search 12/1Fri nonstopJetBlue 3h 16mFLL-BOS 12/3Sun nonstopJetBlue 3h 26mBOS-FLL $483 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 25mFLL-BOS 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 19h 48mBOS-FLL $517 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 52mFLL-BOS 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 17h 40mBOS-FLL $704 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 3h 08mFLL-BOS 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 3h 38mBOS-FLL $918 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 3h 08mFLL-BOS 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 6h 14mBOS-FLL $928 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$140 or less$440 or less$480 or less$700 or less$930 or less Fort Lauderdale - Boston Flights Departure: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Destination: Boston (BOS)United States Return flight deals: Boston - Fort Lauderdale Cabin classes: $741 First Class flights to Boston $2,498 Business Class flights to Boston $650 Prem Econ Class flights to Boston $59 Economy Class flights to Boston Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $70Flights from Fort Lauderdale to Boston Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $70Flights to Boston, Boston Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Charlotte Flights to Burbank Flights to Nashville Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Boston flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Boston from Fort Lauderdale. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Boston from Fort Lauderdale. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.