Cheap Flights from Montreal to Halifax from C$ 163 | (YUL - YHZ) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YUL - YHZ Find cheap flights from Montreal to Halifax from C$ 163 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 24/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Halifax These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Halifax, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Halifax, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Montreal to Halifax?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Montreal to Halifax that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 2:25 p.m. - 5:05 p.m.YUL-YHZ 1h 40mdirect 12:55 p.m. - 1:40 p.m.YHZ-YUL 1h 45mdirect C$ 152Flair Airlines Find Deal Mon, 20 May - Mon, 27 May 7:55 a.m. - 10:31 a.m.YUL-YHZ 1h 36mdirect 10:30 a.m. - 1:18 p.m.YHZ-YUL 3h 48m1 stop C$ 240Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 13 Jan - Fri, 19 Jan 7:55 a.m. - 10:31 a.m.YUL-YHZ 1h 36mdirect 6:15 a.m. - 7:10 a.m.YHZ-YUL 1h 55mdirect C$ 260Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 28 Dec - Sat, 13 Jan 7:00 a.m. - 1:30 p.m.YUL-YHZ 5h 30m1 stop 1:20 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.YHZ-YUL 7h 10m2 stops C$ 263Porter Airlines Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Sat, 27 Jan 7:55 a.m. - 10:31 a.m.YUL-YHZ 1h 36mdirect 9:40 p.m. - 10:36 p.m.YHZ-YUL 1h 56mdirect C$ 266Air Canada Find Deal Mon, 25 Dec - Wed, 27 Dec 7:00 a.m. - 1:30 p.m.YUL-YHZ 5h 30m1 stop 5:05 p.m. - 10:10 p.m.YHZ-YUL 6h 05m2 stops C$ 267Porter Airlines Find Deal Mon, 15 Jan - Tue, 23 Jan 12:05 p.m. - 2:46 p.m.YUL-YHZ 1h 41mdirect 7:15 p.m. - 8:24 p.m.YHZ-YUL 2h 09mdirect C$ 268Porter Airlines Find Deal Mon, 25 Dec - Wed, 27 Dec 7:35 a.m. - 2:52 p.m.YUL-YHZ 6h 17m1 stop 5:05 p.m. - 10:10 p.m.YHZ-YUL 6h 05m2 stops C$ 271Porter Airlines Find Deal Sat, 13 Jan - Fri, 19 Jan 12:30 p.m. - 6:47 p.m.YUL-YHZ 5h 17m1 stop 7:15 p.m. - 8:24 p.m.YHZ-YUL 2h 09mdirect C$ 272Porter Airlines Find Deal Mon, 25 Dec - Wed, 27 Dec 12:30 p.m. - 6:47 p.m.YUL-YHZ 5h 17m1 stop 7:15 p.m. - 8:24 p.m.YHZ-YUL 2h 09mdirect C$ 273Porter Airlines Find Deal Mon, 25 Dec - Wed, 27 Dec Show more results Flights from Montreal to Halifax - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Montreal to Halifax to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Halifax? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Halifax, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Halifax is April, where tickets cost C$ 205 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 392 and C$ 369 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Halifax? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Halifax, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Halifax, you should book around 5 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 59 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Montreal to Halifax? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Air Canada (C$ 163) and Porter Airlines (C$ 186). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 206) and Air Canada (C$ 326). Which airlines fly direct between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Halifax? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Halifax. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Halifax. They are Air Canada and Porter Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is Air Canada, with the best deal found costing C$ 194. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air Canada. How many flights are there between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Halifax per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 6 nonstop flights that take off from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and land in Halifax, with an average flight time of 1h 38m. The most common departure time is 7:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 31 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Monday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Halifax? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Montreal to Halifax take? A direct flight to Halifax will take on average 1h 36m to travel the 1,294 km flying distance from Montreal. What’s the earliest departure time from Montreal to Halifax? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport at 7:00 am and will be landing in Halifax at 9:50 am. What’s the latest departure time from Montreal to Halifax? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Halifax jets off at 9:00 pm and lands at 11:36 pm. Good to know Low season February High season July Cheapest flight C$ 163 Best time to beat the crowds (15% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (29% more expensive on average) Flight from Montreal to Halifax When to book flights from Montreal to Halifax Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Montreal to Halifax based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Montreal to Halifax flights Does YUL have a lounge? Yes. YUL features three lounges for Domestic Departure, Transborder, and International Departures for first-class and business-class travelers. Economy class travelers can pay at the door to aces the National Bank Lounge on the Airside between gates 52 and 53. YUL also features a Desjardins Odyssey Lounge and Air France Lounge on the Airside of the International departures. However, they are only accessible by lounge membership programs. Are there baby-changing facilities in YHZ? Yes. YHZ features a designated space for parents who want to breastfeed in privacy. It features four soft chairs, a sink, and a changing table. You can find it on the main level between the food court and the art gallery. Where can passengers sleep at YHZ? YHZ provides some sleeping options for travelers with late-night arrivals. The staff and security accommodate overnight sleepers but are restricted to the landside area. You can also spend the night at the ALT hotel connected to the terminal via walkways on the mezzanine level. Several nearby hotels also provide airport shuttles, including Quality Inn Halifax hotel, Hilton Garden Inn Halifax Airport, and Holiday Inn Express and Suites Halifax Airport. However, earlier reservations are necessary. How do I get from YHZ to downtown Halifax? Matrox bus route 320 offers rides from the airport to downtown Halifax. They leave every 30 minutes. Alternatively, you can take hotel shuttles to offsite locations. You can find metered taxis and shared-ride shuttles in the ground transportation area. Maritime Bus offers shuttle services between the YHZ airport and several locations in the Maritimes. Airport Express offers seasonal service to downtown Halifax. Which airports will I be using when flying from Montreal to Halifax? When flying out of Montreal you will be using Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl. You will be landing at Halifax, also known as Halifax Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Montreal to Halifax? Air Canada, and Lufthansa offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Montreal to Halifax flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Montreal to Halifax? The De Havilland (Bombardier) DHC-8-400 Dash 8Q is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Montreal to Halifax flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Montreal to Halifax? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Montreal and Halifax. On which days can I fly direct from Montreal to Halifax? There are direct flights from Montreal to Halifax on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Montreal to Halifax, Porter Airlines or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Montreal to Halifax are Porter Airlines and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 447 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 418 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Montreal to Halifax? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Montreal to Halifax. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Montreal to Halifax? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Halifax from Montreal is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Montreal to Halifax? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Halifax with an airline and back to Montreal with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Montreal to Halifax? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Halifax from Montreal up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Montreal to Halifax Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 193 or less one-way and C$ 237 or less round-trip. Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Airport (YUL) features a single and large terminal divided into four areas called jetties. They include public areas and domestic, international, and trans-border jetties. To access the airside, you can use one of the checkpoints. Checkpoint A is door international and domestic flights, while Checkpoint C is for trans-border flights. The best way to get to YUL would be via taxi. The average taxi ride takes about 18 minutes. Alternatively, you can take the bus with Express Line 747. It offers daily rides from downtown to the airport in 25 minutes. If you want private transportation to and from Montreal Airport, you can book a transfer. You can also drive to the airport and take advantage of the parking options at the airport. Air Canada offers direct flights from YUL to Halifax International Airport (YHZ). Air Canada and WestJet provide one-stop flights on this route with layovers at Toronto. The journey time varies depending on the duration of the layover. Both YUL and HYZ are wheelchair enabled. They feature courtesy wheelchairs, wheelchair assistance, elevators, lifts, and designated spots in the parking lot. Reduced mobility travelers can get special assistance if they contact their airlines at least 48 hours before their scheduled flights. Before your scheduled flight, you can enjoy some activities at YUL. It provides several art exhibitions throughout the airport. The International Departures features an entertainment lounge on the Airside near gate 53. It features a Cyber Station, which provides PlayStation consoles with various games. You can also watch planes land and take off from Jacques-de-Lesseps Park at the Location: Intersection of Halpern and Jenkins on the airport's southeast side. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Halifax Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Halifax Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Halifax Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +5 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Halifax Intl to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +5 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 4 airlines serving from Montreal to Halifax See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Montreal to Halifax. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Montreal to Halifax? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9263 reviews 80overall 84crew 71food 70entertainment 81boarding 77comfort Airline reviews Pros: "Excellent pre Boarding service and announcements; reasonably comfortable seats; great landing;" Cons: "There are never gluten free options in the snacks; there were no entertainment systems on the plane - that's not important to me but perhaps it is to others."Read more about WestJet Pros: "Excellent pre Boarding service and announcements; reasonably comfortable seats; great landing;" Cons: "There are never gluten free options in the snacks; there were no entertainment systems on the plane - that's not important to me but perhaps it is to others." Cons: "There was an almost 4 hour delay that WestJet is taking no responsibility for, and their online chat agents lack any compassion or understanding. Also received an email saying the aircraft changed and there would be a seatback flight entertainment system but there wasn't." Cons: "Service is awful, they cancelled a flight and they reserved the wrong flight so we couldn't get to the destination. Had to change airline and extend our flight by 9 hours with our baby. Horrrrrrible experience. Staff didn't seem to care. They put everything on their supervisor and she tried to help" Pros: "Roomie seat. Professional curdious crew. Fast smooth flight. Westjet connect access for entertainment." Cons: "After landing, we were waiting on the tarmac for sometime and I needed to use the restroom I was an allowed to do so. It would’ve taken me a short short time. I went to The rear of the plane to use the restroom and was told to get in my seat." Pros: "Good crew and on time departure" Cons: "Overnight flight. How nice it would have been to have blanket and pillows as provided by some airlines ." Pros: "Left early and arrived early" Cons: "Cabin was way too warm. Also not as much space on 737-700 as 737-800" Pros: "I liked the price for my flight however I booked using my AirMiles." Cons: "I have travel with WestJet many times is the past and had nothing but good to say. This was my first time using WestJet Encore and was totally shocked and disappointed. The flight crew i found to be very rude with and had an attitude. The biggest shock was the greetings and all announcements were in English accept the safety rules where the pre-recorded tape was played. If asked about the return flight from Halifax to Montreal, one word to describe it "disaster". I was totally turned off with WestJet. I will for sure continue using Porter as I was always pleased with there service. As they say "you get what you pay for"." Pros: "Westjet team is fast, nice and solve issues in one call. I have had very good experiences with westjet! Thank you!" Cons: "Today in Montreal during boarding the lady coordinating did not give priority to people with children. We were at leastthree families - we were all upset with the situation. However as I have had very good experiences with west jet I consider this an isolated issue." Pros: "Price" Cons: "Head crew person was lazy and bad attitude. The rest were very good" Pros: "Very friendly crew, we were a bit delayed but they dealt with us as quickly and politely as possible." Cons: "A better idea of what was happening when the plane had to be delayed-we all lined up, then they got notice that we couldn't leave yet." Pros: "Flight attendants are among the most professional and refined I’ve come across traveling anywhere in North America. It’s a pleasure flying with them." Pros: "Our flight attendant was WONDERFUL! I wish I knew her name. She was the only one with glasses. This was the ~3:15pm flight Nov 25 from Montreal to Toronto. She was very pleasant and attentive, and truly loved her job but not over the top. My friend and I were super impressed by the service of everyone but especially her. The snacks were also a very nice touch. Great prices and deals on flights" Pros: "The seats were comfortable and even roomy, compared to many other airlines." Cons: "Two minor drawbacks: (1) In the Porter lounge, where I was stuck between connecting flights, the cost of food was too high. (2) The weather buffets these small planes more than would be the case with jetliners." Pros: "Easy on/easy off" Cons: "The lavatory was dirty and had a very high odour. There MUST be a way to clean it between flights." Cons: "There is only 1 lavatory on the plane and early in the flight they had to shut it down! Luckily there were no incidents but how can you not have a working lavatory?! What would they do if someone really had to go?" Pros: "Flight was delayed for 4 boring and tiring hrs." Cons: "Delayed flight and no decent food to purchase at d louge" Pros: "Shuttle/downtown convenience / ease of boarding procedures due to small size / coffee in lounge!" Pros: "The service was great and fast" Cons: "Both of my Porter Airlines flights were delayed. It seems they often delay / cancel flights" Pros: "Plane and crew great." Cons: "Check in and ground crew rude and poor. Flight delayed and no one told us anything." On time departure with early arrivals. My last flight arrived 20 minutes ahead of schedule which was great due to my long commute home 3+ hours. The cabin crews on all 3 flights were great. See ya in 7 days Air Canada Flight left on time, Landed early. Very pleasant experience all round. Pros: "The crew was very attentive" Cons: "As much as the flight was truly very good and the crew very friendly and helpful as much as the equipment (airplane, seats, entertainment) really shabby and certainly not worth the the 2500,00 $ I paid for a better seat. I could of flown with Air transat and get better than I got with Air Canada. I feel it was rip off. Quality - price not there . Please give your crew a better uniform. The ones they wear now is very sad and oldish looking. If I think this and am 67 years old, imagine what the younger generation thinks." Pros: "Everything was perfect on the flight. The service, the food and the crew." Cons: "Seats are a bit small. Not very comfortable and touch screen of entertainment system was slow." Cons: "Lack of communication. Crew was unattentitive and seemed to not know protocol or appear to have things under the control." Pros: "The steward on the plane was friendly, funny and accommodating to all. He took time to engage some young children before takeoff. Took into consideration who was travelling together and left a positive impression! Plane boarded early and was loaded and ready to roll AHEAD of scheduled take off time." Pros: "The entire boarding process, takeoff, staff were all good." Cons: "The entertainment system went down mid flight and I was unable to finish watching a show. Not happy about this." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The fact air canada booted me and my year and a half year old off the plane. They gave me no compensation for the fact that they did this. So not impressed I never made it to Montreal" Pros: "Where do i start? It’s a short flight to be sure but air canada planes never feel like many Other airlines’ mini planes or puddle jumpers. they seem new, spacious, seat back Entertainemnt, just great. Also, there is no scrimping on Service. How many Delta or united or American flights have i taken on this route only to be told “coffee or water” and sometimes no coffee “the flight is too short”. Nonsense! Granted I was in business, but I had a full hot breakfast served and a full array of beverages offered. It AC can do it, everyone can. The flight attendant was lovely." Cons: "The flight was too short :)" Pros: "Boarding was easy" Cons: "This was a +10 hour trans Atlantic flight. We walked on and immediately noticed there were no TV screens. I expected that the crew would be handing out portable screens instead which would have been ok but pretty inconvenient. This was not the case. We asked the crew and were told that to have entertainment for the flight we would have to download the Air Canada flight into our OWN devices and connect to the airplane wifi. They also explained that you can't download the app while connected to the airplane wifi so anyone who wanted entertainment had to scramble to download the app while we were still on the ground and Use cellular data! at this point 300 people were either panicking because they didn't have a personal device with them, didn't have a charger for their device and so would have power issues or were forced to use up roaming data because they had non Canadian phone plans!!! At the very least staff should have told passengers about this setup while they were waiting at the gate, so that people would have time to download the app with airport wifi! add to all this the fact that the app was extremely low quality and the options for movies/show were disappointingly dated and limited. This was not officially a cheap low cost flight for my family but the service we got certainly would categorize it as such. Very disappointed." Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Montreal to Halifax Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Montreal to Halifax found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 24/2Sat directAir Canada 1h 36mYUL-YHZ C$ 120 Search 24/12Sun 1 stopAir Canada 6h 15mYUL-YHZ C$ 127 Search 24/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 41mYUL-YHZ C$ 137 Search 7/1Sun directAir Canada 1h 36mYUL-YHZ C$ 140 Search 30/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 41mYUL-YHZ C$ 141 Search 24/2Sat 2 stopsPorter Airlines 9h 32mYUL-YHZ C$ 142 Search 9/12Sat 1 stop 7h 25mYUL-YHZ C$ 243 Search 6/12Wed 2 stops 34h 02mYUL-YHZ C$ 363 Search 6/1Sat 2 stopsWestJet 16h 56mYUL-YHZ C$ 726 Search 7/1Sun 2 stopsWestJet 32h 06mYUL-YHZ C$ 800 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir CanadaPorter AirlinesWestJet Search by priceC$ 130 or lessC$ 140 or lessC$ 140 or lessC$ 360 or lessC$ 800 or less Last minute flights from Montreal to Halifax Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Montreal to Halifax that are departing in the next 10 days. 2/12Sat multi-stop 7h 25mYUL-YHZ 5/12Tue direct 2h 09mYHZ-YUL C$ 457 Search 1/12Fri multi-stop 33h 35mYUL-YHZ 3/12Sun multi-stop 19h 59mYHZ-YUL C$ 575 Search 2/12Sat direct 1h 41mYUL-YHZ 5/12Tue direct 2h 09mYHZ-YUL C$ 602 Search 2/12Sat multi-stop 7h 25mYUL-YHZ 5/12Tue multi-stop 5h 21mYHZ-YUL C$ 626 Search 1/12Fri multi-stop 33h 35mYUL-YHZ 3/12Sun multi-stop 8h 10mYHZ-YUL C$ 628 Search 1/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 41mYUL-YHZ 3/12Sun multi-stopPorter Airlines 8h 10mYHZ-YUL C$ 642 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopPorter Airlines 5h 00mYUL-YHZ 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 6h 00mYHZ-YUL C$ 643 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopPorter Airlines 5h 00mYUL-YHZ 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 7h 55mYHZ-YUL C$ 647 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopPorter Airlines 9h 32mYUL-YHZ 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 7h 55mYHZ-YUL C$ 653 Search 1/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 41mYUL-YHZ 8/12Fri directPorter Airlines 2h 09mYHZ-YUL C$ 657 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter Airlines Search by priceC$ 580 or lessC$ 630 or lessC$ 640 or lessC$ 650 or lessC$ 660 or less Montreal - Halifax Flights Departure: Montreal (YUL)Canada Destination: Halifax (YHZ)Canada Return flight deals: Halifax - Montreal Cabin classes: First Class flights to Halifax C$ 571 Business Class flights to Halifax Prem Econ Class flights to Halifax C$ 153 Economy Class flights to Halifax Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 308Flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Halifax Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Nova Scotia » Halifax C$ 308Flights to Halifax, Halifax Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Moncton Flights to Victoria Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Halifax flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Halifax from Montreal. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Halifax from Montreal. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.