Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles from $29 | (SFO - LAX) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - LAX Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/18. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Los Angeles These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Los Angeles. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Los Angeles. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Los Angeles?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:00 am - 7:33 amSFO-LAX 1h 33mnonstop 1:25 pm - 2:57 pmLAX-SFO 1h 32mnonstop $75Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Apr 17 - Thu, Apr 18 8:55 pm - 10:20 pmSFO-LAX 1h 25mnonstop 6:00 am - 7:19 amLAX-SFO 1h 19mnonstop $78JetBlue Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Thu, Dec 14 8:35 am - 10:07 amSFO-LAX 1h 32mnonstop 4:15 pm - 5:40 pmLAX-SFO 1h 25mnonstop $88United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 20 6:03 pm - 11:26 pmSFO-LAX 5h 23m1 stop 7:16 am - 3:37 pmLAX-SFO 8h 21m1 stop $89 Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Thu, Jan 11 11:33 am - 1:03 pmSFO-LAX 1h 30mnonstop 4:29 pm - 5:53 pmLAX-SFO 1h 24mnonstop $90American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Mon, Jan 22 1:37 pm - 3:05 pmSFO-LAX 1h 28mnonstop 7:35 am - 9:03 amLAX-SFO 1h 28mnonstop $93 Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Sun, Jan 14 6:00 am - 7:30 amSFO-LAX 1h 30mnonstop 8:15 am - 9:50 amLAX-SFO 1h 35mnonstop $98Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Wed, Jan 24 6:00 am - 7:30 amSFO-LAX 1h 30mnonstop 9:00 pm - 10:34 pmLAX-SFO 1h 34mnonstop $103Delta Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sat, Dec 16 10:57 pm - 12:29 amSFO-LAX 1h 32mnonstop 7:00 pm - 8:26 pmLAX-SFO 1h 26mnonstop $109United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Wed, Dec 20 12:55 pm - 6:40 pmSFO-LAX 5h 45m1 stop 4:29 pm - 5:53 pmLAX-SFO 1h 24mnonstop $124American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Mon, Jan 22 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Francisco to Los Angeles? The average price of all flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Los Angeles on a Tuesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Friday is the most expensive day to fly from San Francisco to Los Angeles. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Thursday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Los Angeles? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles is January, where tickets cost $137 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are November and June, where the average cost of tickets is $177 and $168 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Los Angeles? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Los Angeles, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 62 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from San Francisco to Los Angeles found on KAYAK was with Alaska Airlines for $29. Alaska Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $75 and JetBlue from $78. Which airlines fly most frequently between San Francisco and Los Angeles? The airlines most regularly connecting San Francisco to Los Angeles are Southwest (4 flights per day), Delta (3 flights per day), and Alaska Airlines (2 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between San Francisco and Los Angeles? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles. There are 6 airlines that fly nonstop from San Francisco to Los Angeles. They are: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, Southwest and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with JetBlue at $48 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at JetBlue. How many flights are there between San Francisco and Los Angeles per day? Each day, there are between 7 and 26 nonstop flights that take off from San Francisco and land in Los Angeles, with an average flight time of 1h 30m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 113 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 23% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and Los Angeles? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to Los Angeles take? The average nonstop flight takes 1h 23m, covering a distance of 338 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from San Francisco to Los Angeles? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Francisco at 6:00 am and will be landing in Los Angeles at 7:31 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Francisco to Los Angeles? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Francisco to Los Angeles jets off at 10:57 pm and lands at 12:29 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 9% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 5% lower on average. Flight from San Francisco to Los Angeles When to book flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Los Angeles based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles How can I get to San Francisco Airport from the city center? The distance from San Francisco city center to the airport is about 13 miles. One of the convenient transport options is the San Francisco BART, which offers transit from the city's downtown to SFO in about 20 to 30 minutes. You can also use the buses offered by SanTrans. It runs three KX, 397, and 292 lines that link Market Street to the airport. Alternatively, you can take taxis that offer faster transit from different areas in the city. Which airlines offer sustainable flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles? On average, 409 kg of CO2 is emitted on flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles. However, JetBlue, Alaska Airlines, and United Airlines offer some of the most sustainable flights to Los Angeles from San Francisco. Their flights emit about 51%, 52%, and 55% less carbon than their counterparts. We recommend flying nonstop if you want to fly more sustainably. Are there duty-free shops at the San Francisco Airport? You’re welcome to SFO’s Duty-Free shops if you’re looking to restock your essentials before flying out of San Francisco. You will get a variety of quality brands, exceptional products, and unmatched service at these stores. The duty-free shops are available in Courtyard 4 Gate 91. Alternatively, you can visit the other stores, including 49 Mile Market near Gate C2B in Terminal 1 and Brookstone stores in either Terminal 2 D Gates or International Terminal. What are the accessible services offered at Los Angeles International Airport? LAX is a fully accessible airport committed to providing equal access to passengers with special needs. It has a Special Assistance vehicle that transports disabled passengers between the remote gates and the passenger terminals. This service is also available to passengers on stretches, organ transplant patients, and the elderly. Elevators are conveniently located near the stairways and terminal buildings. Wheelchairs are provided by major airlines and can be requested at the ticket counters. You can also use the A Shuttle buses that are lift-equipped for transit within the Central Terminal Area. Does Hollywood Burbank Airport have an on-site airport hotel? While Hollywood Burbank Airport does not currently have an on-site airport hotel, there are many hotels that are located within the immediate vicinity. The Los Angeles Marriott Burbank Airport is a 4-star choice located directly across the street from Hollywood Burbank Airport, while the Ramada by Wyndham is a budget-friendly hotel less than a 5-minute drive away. Does San Francisco International Airport have any pet relief areas? Whether you are flying with a pet or service animal, you will almost certainly need to allow them to relieve themselves before boarding your flight. There are currently 3 outdoor pet relief areas at San Francisco International Airport as well as one indoor area located in Terminal 1. Each of these zones provides travelers with fresh drinking water for their animal and waste disposal bags. What dining options are there in Hollywood Burbank Airport? Hoping to grab a bite to eat after your flight to Hollywood Burbank Airport lands? The Lunch Box Bar and Grill is a casual choice located in Terminal A that serves American-style meals, while Guy's Burger Joint is located nearby and serves a selection of unique hamburgers. What amenities does San Francisco International Airport have for business travelers? If you’re traveling for business, make sure to stop by San Francisco International Airport’s business center that is located in the main terminal. This center contains several desks, copying services, and high-speed WiFi, making it a convenient place to get some work done before your flight takes off. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Los Angeles? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airports will I be using when flying from San Francisco to Los Angeles? San Francisco and Los Angeles are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave San Francisco from San Francisco and will be arriving at Los Angeles. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Francisco to Los Angeles? Delta, JetBlue, American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, and Frontier offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Francisco to Los Angeles flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Los Angeles? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to Los Angeles flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between San Francisco and Los Angeles, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from San Francisco to Los Angeles? There are nonstop flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $158 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $118 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Los Angeles? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Los Angeles from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Los Angeles with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and LAX can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Los Angeles? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Los Angeles from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to Los Angeles Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $79 or less one-way and $157 or less round-trip. Drop off your car at the parking lots in San Francisco International Airport (SFO) as you catch your flight to Los Angeles. Parking is available in the Domestic Garage in Terminals 1, 2, and 3, International Garages A and G, Long Term Surface Lot, and the Long-Term Garage North. SFO has several ATMs that serve passengers in need of cash. Bank of America has ATMs near Baggage Carousel 10 in the Arrivals Level, near Gates E2, E6, and F2. Wells Fargo operates ATMs near Gates F5, E2, and Baggage Carousel 4. Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) has new spacious suites for nursing mothers. These nursing rooms are located in Terminals 5, 4, and 2 and offer a spacious, comfortable bench, sink, changing table, and two electrical outlets for plugging breast pumps. If you’re traveling through SFO with your kids, you can take them to the Kids’ Spot located Post-security in Terminal 2 near Gates D15 and D7. This is a convenient spot that helps the kids unwind before boarding flying. Even though most San Francisco to Los Angeles flies nonstop, you can also catch one-stop flights that are an affordable option. A common layover option for these flights is in Phoenix. Interested in booking flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles? If so, make sure to take into consideration where in the city you will be staying. While Los Angeles International Airport is a convenient option for travelers that will be staying in the city center, Hollywood Burbank Airport allows visitors to more easily access northern Los Angeles. If you would like your flight from San Francisco to Los Angeles to be with an airline that is known for having comfortable seats, considering booking with Alaska Airlines. If having extra legroom is very important to you, book with United Airlines and consider upgrading to their Economy Plus option. If you plan on flying with a lot of luggage, book with Southwest, as you can check two suitcases for free. Hoping to use public transportation to travel between Hollywood Burbank Airport and downtown Los Angeles? Consider using either the local bus or Metro system, as both of these are affordable choices that are located near the airport and connect the different neighborhoods of the city. Looking to kill some time before your flight takes off from San Francisco International Airport? Pay a visit to the SFO Museum, which is located in the airport’s Departures terminal. This museum is a popular cultural institution that features a variety of local art, regional history, and items related to the area’s aviation advancements, making it an interesting place to learn more about San Francisco. If flying tends to stress you out, make sure to keep your eyes open for San Francisco International Airport’s official Wag Brigade. The Wag Brigade is a group of trained dogs that are led throughout the different terminals by volunteers in order to help entertain travelers and ease any nerves that anyone might have about flying. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Francisco to Los Angeles? Find which airlines fly direct from San Francisco to Los Angeles, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Francisco to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Tuesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Wednesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +37 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +38 more 36 37 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Friday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +36 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +37 more 35 36 Saturday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Sunday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Los Angeles to San Francisco Search Flights Monday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +33 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +34 more 32 33 Tuesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +34 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +35 more 33 34 Wednesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +33 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +34 more 32 33 Friday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Saturday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +33 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +34 more 32 33 Sunday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Los Angeles See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Los Angeles. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Los Angeles? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29977 reviews 85boarding 78entertainment 79food 82comfort 88crew 85overall Airline reviews Cons: "No internet no monitors staff was rude about checking me in to next fought. No room for carry Ons and I sat in back by time they came with drinks all food was gone"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "No internet no monitors staff was rude about checking me in to next fought. No room for carry Ons and I sat in back by time they came with drinks all food was gone" Pros: "- On-time boarding and departure - Friendly and efficient crew - Ample overhead bin space (flight was not full)" Cons: "- Retrofitted Airbus has less less legroom and comfort in all seat classes than old VA configuration - Dog was allowed to roam aisle unleashed - No seat-back entertainment screens - Delay in disembarking at destination due to malfunctioning passenger boarding bridge" Pros: "Everything was good. First class meal was tasty." Cons: "There was a cat underneath my seat and meowed the entire flight keeping everyone in the plane up. Some animals should not be allowed on red-eye flights." Pros: "The crew was great, the plane was clean and updated, the in-flight entertainment was good." Cons: "On both of my Alaska Airlines flights we took off later than scheduled, by over 15 minutes. It could have been due to the congestion at LAX. And the seats were comfortable if not a little cramped. I also wish we would have been offered adult beverages on my late flight into SFO -- helps for sleep." Pros: "crew was nice" Cons: "disorganized boarding led to delays. Landed and sat on the tarmac in the most jet fuel emitting area of the airport and breathed it in for 40 minutes before getting to the gate. Just disorganized in general with take off/landing planning." Pros: "The fact that movies were available in a domestic flight and the variety of movies." Cons: "Luggage space issue could have been handled prior to flight not on a volunteer basis." Pros: "Boarding was fairly efficient and the crew was courteous." Cons: "There was no entertainment or any power plugs for phones. The plane was small and couldn't accommodate a lot of carry-on luggage. I voluntarily checked my bag to make things easier and my bag arrived on the wrong carousel. It sort of felt like I was being punished for doing the right thing." Pros: "Crew was wonderful. Service was excellent." Cons: "Very poor entertainment. The Virgin America planes had excellent entertainment as they had TV screens on the seats. You should consider bringing those back." Cons: "9:30 am flight was cancelled and I was given a 1:30 pm flight instead. Coming home the flight was delayed because while the plane and flight crew were there the Captain was not. It sounded like he was flying in from somewhere else." the staff was very helpful and the airline was very good. Cons: "Flight turned around halfway and returned to origin airport. A full explanation was never given." Cons: "They had to reset entertainment sets 3 times before they started working. This happens regularly on the SFO to BOS jetblue flight." Cons: "More complimentary food options given it’s a 6 and a half hour flight." Cons: "Entertainment screen in our section of the plane were not functioning correctly. The crew made several attempts to reset the screens but it didn't work," Pros: "The colors" Cons: "THERE ARE ONLY 1-2 STAFF MEMEBRS AT TERMINAL 5 JFK (busiest ailier in the world) for 309+ passengers an hour that’s not enough. I booked with you guys and paid extra money for worthless travels, but no. Never again with JetBlue" Pros: "Each seat had power outlet for laptop as well as a USB port" Cons: "My main comment is that the wi-fi didn't work for all passengers. One of the reasons I flew this airline was because they promise reliable wi-fi on the flight and despite multiple attempts to troubleshoot, it never worked." Pros: "Despite being a smaller airline I must say I’m completely floored by how much I enjoyed my flight with JetBlue! The free WiFi is a game changer compared to the greedier airlines that charge through the roof for it and the staff has been incredibly kind. ‏ Also, the flight attendants were really sweet. I watched them diffuse a few situations that most people would have ended up making worse. Not to mention this is the only airline that actually OFFERED to assist me getting on the plane. I sometimes request assistance, but I really needed it last night and they offered without a second thought. I had only come up to the desk to ask about reprinting my ticket. As soon as I went up to the desk to ask about reprinting my ticket, they immediately asked if I was ready to preboard. The man who helped wheel me out of the plane at JFK was very considerate as well and asked if I wanted to go to the restroom before going out to the gate. He wheeled me all the way to the car where my husband was waiting. Every member of the Jet Blue staff I met this weekend was exemplary. If I can help it I will always fly Jet Blue when I fly nationally." Cons: "The gate was not as clean or neat as other gates. My flight was also delayed by two hours." Cons: "The plane was 2 hours late with no explanation and no apology until we were getting off the plane." You need to be a hacker to get the (Free) WiFi Cons: "This plane was not appropriate for social distancing, I would not have booked this flight if I knew we wouldn’t be able to keep a distance from other people." Cons: "Delaying a flight by 2 hours for crew issues is ridiculous and even more do not alerting me to the change before I was at the airport. Terrible" Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "Nice Airbus plane. Due to thunderstorm in Dallas, pilot not able to leave DAL to come to fly the plane in LAX on time. We delayed around 45 minutes. Otherwise, crews were professional and efficient. Excellent movies choices." Cons: "Boarding announcement in SFO was bad. No one can hear what the agent announced. Random sequence of boarding with confusion. In LAX, we supposed to go to a different terminal by a bus. There is no guidance out of gate to assist passengers that transfer to get on the right gate on the right bus. In AUS, there is not any announcement for luggage belt. An announcement would be helpful to new arrivals to this airport." Pros: "Flew us safely home." Cons: "We waiting on the runway for over a long period." Pros: "Flight was great" Cons: "The waiting area at gate 47 is a joke. Doesn't anyone care that it was filthy and had 10 seats for passenger waiting to board their flight?" Pros: "Delta is professional and safe. The best fares ever." Cons: "Lack of food/snack choices. Seem like a shortage on ice." Pros: "Call back service was best part." Cons: "Booked ticket through venture card points. This meant that the email address and phone number to contact us in the event of changes was mediocre information. I was informed from Tripit that the flight was delayed, not by Delta. Reservation personnel took logical course of action to find new flight for connection that we could make because of delayed initial flight. I would recommend that they first see if there is an earlier initial flight that the customer could make, then look at finding later connecting flights. We found out about delay 8 hours prior, so we had plenty of time to get to the airport earlier. Total delay required me to take additional day off of work." Pros: "I, as a tall man, was allowed to move into an exit row with no additional charge. The flights were not full." Pros: "Prompt departure and arrival. Efficient inflight crew. Simple inflight entertainment on personal devices." Cons: "Snacks. Please serve basic snacks sun country" Pros: "The seats are not comfortable at all. The tickets that we bought promised a USB port and there were none. And oddly enough, everything around me was very sticky. The seat, the seat in front of me, the window.. it was an overall uncomfortable flight" Cons: "At least one USB port per seat would’ve been nice. The WiFi was so slow that I couldn’t even send an email. And maybe the seats could’ve been wiped down a bit." Cons: "Didn’t enjoy the flight at all. Seats were uncomfortable, staff looked somewhat unkept and were gossiping loudly in the back during the flight. Snacks were not provided, only one drink for the entire flight. I will not be using Sun Country again." Cons: "Cramped seating, limited overhead bin space, mediocre experience. Next time I’ll spend the extra money and fly Delta." Pros: "Flight was on-time." Cons: "Check in crew were robotic, lacked enthusiasm. Is management competent? Are they leading, or directing? There is a difference, and one is more effective than the other. If morale is low, if employee satisfaction is low on what is visible to the passengers; then I wonder about what passengers don't see: maintenance crews, safety, quality assurance. I heard lots of grumblings from other passengers about bag policy. Provide first class service to your employees, and they will provide first-class service to your customers." Pros: "The crew on the ground and sky were amazing. Everyone i talked to was kind and understanding while dealing with a difficult situation." Cons: "Ultimately, sun country could of communicated better all around. Was not informed that the flight was delayed until I checked into airport/ even though we were told that the airline knew that the plane was late “all day.” Arrived for a 3:50 flight and did not take off till after 9. Furthermore, there was limited communication regarding when we would actually take off. Checking-in I was informed boarding would start at “6:40” and then we did not board until 830-9." Pros: "Crew was great!" Cons: "Plane was so dirty. We were in the way back and there was food fingerprints all over the window, seat and table." Cons: "I tried to pre select a seat online. The seating chart indicated that the flight was full and only few middle seats and aisle seats were available. The middle seats were free but the aisle seats cost $15. I'm a big guy so I paid the $15. When I got on the flight I learned the flight wasn't full and there were plenty of seats available. I thought there must be a mistake so I tested it on the way back to L.A. from Minneapolis. I got the same email encouraging me to get my seat early and check in online. The seating chart indicated that the flight was full and only a few middle seats and aisle seats were available. So instead of checking in online I waited to do it at the counter. Sure enough the lady at checkin told me there was plenty of seats and even offered me and my travel companions a whole row so we could sit together. I feel like Sun Country is misleading their customers in order to make a few extra bucks. Lame!" Pros: "Boarding was good and agent was able to move me and my 2 family members to an exit row so we could be together." Cons: "Plane left late due to "showers" at MSP, then at LAX we had to taxi from north side of airport to south side, further delaying us 15 minutes or more. Also, exit row seats did not recline even though agent had told me they did recline. None of us could sleep. Very uncomfortable!" Cons: "One of the female crew member just had a really bad attitude and was rude multiple times. She was a bit older than the other ones, I believe her name was Linda. I asked for both cream and sugar, she only bought cream then when I asked again, she was really dismissive. The cart was literally 1 feet away, I almost wanted to get up and grab it myself. This happened again with my seat mates. She was really nice to the other white customers but I sat in a row with all people of color, and she was equally rude to them.Linda would really benefit from some diversity (addressing her implicit biases/prejudices) training. It just makes all of Sun Country look bad, this was the first time flying sun country, and I will most likely not fly with sun country again, if I keep on running into air hostesses like Linda. Its unfortunate because the other air hostesses/hosts were really nice, warm and welcoming." Cons: "More luggage space and plugs on the plane to charge devices" Cons: "Registration in SFO was extremely bad. It took one hour. 30 minutes nobody was on working place." Pros: "The seat was super comfortable, because of o lot of place for legs" Cons: "The crew sometimes seems not to be happy with the passengers" Pros: "The crew did an excellent, professional job." Cons: "There were problems with arrival at the gate necessitating delay and 3 gate changes for connecting flight. This was not fault of American but due to a plane breaking down at the original gate at LAX causing our plane to be rerouted to a different gate." Cons: "The flight was delayed for hours, and I am still trying to get to lax. All due to the pilots being too tired to fly, and due to maintenance. I would of appreciated checking into a hotel room a lot earlier than I did due to vague communication. I’m exhausted with only 2.5 hours of sleep." Cons: "It would’ve been nice if we made it to fort Meyers!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The seat assignments based on loyalty status - rude gate agents" Pros: "Overall the flight was great" Cons: "I didn’t like the restrictions on the fare and being reminded several time with negative emails from the carrier about the restrictions." Cons: "American Airlines had put my luggage on a flight earlier than me and is still NOT FOUND." Pros: "We arrived safely The seats were comfortable We were on time" Cons: "1) American's boarding process seems to be driven by ticket price and nothing else. Every other airline I've been with boards families with small children first. It lets those families and get on board and get setup so that they don't block aisle access for everyone else. American seems to board based on how expensive your ticket was. So, the aisles get blocked and boarding takes forever. 2) The cabin crew gave pretty apathetic service. When our baby threw up on us, they just told us to go clean ourselves up in the bathrooms. They gave us a can of soda water to help clean up, but that was about it. 3) When my wife asked if the bread was dairy free (for our baby with a dairy allergy), the staff's response was to turn to another staff member and ask them, "Do you want to go back and research that?" In the end they just told us they didn't have time to look it up." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Los Angeles found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/18Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 30mSFO-LAX $29 Search 12/11Mon nonstopJetBlue 1h 29mSFO-LAX $39 Search 4/17Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 33mSFO-LAX $41 Search 12/5Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 32mSFO-LAX $44 Search 1/10Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 29mSFO-LAX $45 Search 1/19Fri nonstopDelta 1h 35mSFO-LAX $49 Search 12/12Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 32mSFO-LAX $50 Search 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 1h 36mSFO-LAX $64 Search 2/10Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 45mSFO-LAX $80 Search 12/11Mon 2 stopsFrontier 33h 16mSFO-LAX $186 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAlaska AirlinesJetBlueUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaFrontier Search by price$40 or less$40 or less$50 or less$60 or less$190 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 1h 25mSFO-LAX 12/7Thu nonstopJetBlue 1h 19mLAX-SFO $78 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 1h 25mSFO-LAX 12/9Sat nonstop 1h 30mLAX-SFO $83 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 32mSFO-LAX 4/27Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 25mLAX-SFO $88 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 1h 30mSFO-LAX 12/12Tue nonstopDelta 1h 29mLAX-SFO $103 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 33mSFO-LAX 12/11Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 29mLAX-SFO $116 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 33mSFO-LAX 12/11Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 57mLAX-SFO $124 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 33mSFO-LAX 12/12Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 29mLAX-SFO $137 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 32mSFO-LAX 12/6Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 24mLAX-SFO $148 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 44mSFO-LAX 12/9Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 13mLAX-SFO $157 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 1h 32mSFO-LAX 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 1h 26mLAX-SFO $203 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineJetBlueUnited AirlinesDeltaAlaska AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$80 or less$100 or less$120 or less$150 or less$200 or less San Francisco - Los Angeles Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Los Angeles - San Francisco Cabin classes: $280 First Class flights to Los Angeles $321 Business Class flights to Los Angeles $311 Prem Econ Class flights to Los Angeles $78 Economy Class flights to Los Angeles Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $78Flights from San Francisco to Los Angeles Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » Los Angeles $78Flights to Los Angeles, Los Angeles Compare transportation modes for San Francisco to Los Angeles Average price Average duration Flights $658 1h 25m Trains $94 0h 00m Buses $68 7h 41m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Los Angeles flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Los Angeles from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Los Angeles from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.