Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai from $386 | (LAX - BOM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - BOM Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai from $386 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/17. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Mumbai These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Mumbai. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Mumbai. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Mumbai?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:25 pm - 7:25 amLAX-BOM 22h 30m1 stop 9:15 am - 8:05 pmBOM-LAX 23h 20m1 stop $808Delta Find Deal Sun, Apr 21 - Sat, Apr 27 3:25 pm - 3:10 amLAX-BOM 22h 15m1 stop 10:05 am - 8:25 pmBOM-LAX 22h 50m1 stop $809Delta Find Deal Wed, Feb 7 - Wed, Mar 20 6:40 pm - 5:10 amLAX-BOM 21h 00m1 stop 6:50 am - 5:45 pmBOM-LAX 23h 25m1 stop $830Turkish Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Mon, Mar 11 6:40 pm - 5:10 amLAX-BOM 21h 00m1 stop 6:50 am - 4:45 pmBOM-LAX 23h 25m1 stop $867Turkish Airlines Find Deal Sun, Feb 4 - Wed, Feb 14 8:25 am - 11:55 pmLAX-BOM 26h 00m2 stops 1:35 am - 3:15 pmBOM-LAX 27h 10m1 stop $874Lufthansa Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Tue, Feb 6 5:30 pm - 11:55 pmLAX-BOM 40h 55m1 stop 1:35 am - 3:15 pmBOM-LAX 27h 10m1 stop $876Lufthansa Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sat, Feb 3 8:00 pm - 8:45 amLAX-BOM 23h 15m1 stop 2:45 am - 3:05 pmBOM-LAX 25h 50m1 stop $929SAUDIA Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Sun, Feb 4 9:20 pm - 10:30 amLAX-BOM 24h 40m1 stop 11:40 pm - 12:50 pmBOM-LAX 25h 40m2 stops $947Singapore Airlines Find Deal Sun, Apr 14 - Tue, Apr 30 8:00 pm - 8:45 amLAX-BOM 23h 15m1 stop 2:45 am - 3:05 pmBOM-LAX 25h 50m1 stop $992SAUDIA Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Sun, Jan 21 7:50 pm - 10:35 amLAX-BOM 25h 15m1 stop 11:35 pm - 6:00 pmBOM-LAX 31h 55m1 stop $996Singapore Airlines Find Deal Sun, Feb 25 - Sat, Mar 2 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to Mumbai? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Los Angeles to Mumbai, you should consider leaving on a Monday and avoid Sundays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Los Angeles, you’ll find the best rates on Sundays and the most expensive ones on Mondays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to Mumbai? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai is September, where tickets cost $972 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,625 and $1,568 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to Mumbai? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to Mumbai, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 68 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Mumbai from Los Angeles were found on Singapore Airlines ($449) and SAUDIA ($498), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Delta ($808) and Air France ($821). How long does a flight from Los Angeles to Mumbai take? There are no direct flights for this route. The shortest travel duration to get to Mumbai from Los Angeles is 20h 25m. Good to know Low season August High season December Cheapest flight $386 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 5% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 34% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Mumbai When to book flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to Mumbai based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai Are there any services for passengers with limited mobility at BOM upon arrival? Travelers with disabilities or limited mobilities will get the necessary assistance upon arrival at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM). The airport, in collaboration with various airlines, provides movement aids such as ramps for wheelchair users. Still, trained and dedicated staff guide passengers when deplaning through the security points, baggage claim areas, and exit. Contact your airline at least 72h before departure to enjoy these services. Are there lounges at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM)? Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM) features several lounges open to everyone at a reduced price, irrespective of the airline they’re flying. For instance, arriving passengers can access the Aviserv Lounge on the Landside, Gate A. Where can I leave my bags at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM)? There are luggage storage facilities at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM) for those who wish to leave behind their extra bags. You can locate them at Terminal 2, the arrival hall exit ramp. Check with the attendant on the allowable storage duration, as well as the cost. Where can I change my dollars at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM)? Travelers who’ve just arrived at BOM from LAX and are looking to convert their dollars to Indian rupees won’t have a shortage of options. The Arrival Hall, Terminal 2, features four currency exchange counters. Are there any onsite airport hotels at Chhatrapati Shivaji Airport (BOM)? There are two Niranta Airport Transit Hotels in Mumbai Airport’s Terminal 2, one in the Arrivals hall on Level 1 and one at the International Departures hall on Level 2. Both of these hotels offer 24h check-in and check-out as well as options for short stays, so you can take a nap, shower, and have a meal before heading into the city. Can I get a flight with only one stop from Los Angeles Airport to Chhatrapati Shivaji? It is easy to find a flight with only one stop between Los Angeles Airport (LAX) and Chhatrapati Shivaji (BOM). Airlines that fly this route with only one layover include United Airlines, Cathay Pacific, American Airlines, Emirates, and British Airways. Can I get from downtown Los Angeles to LAX using public transportation? For non-stop service from LA’s Union Station to the airport, passengers can take a 35min bus ride using the LAX FlyAway bus, which runs every 30min and costs about $9.75 per ticket (up to two kids 5 and under can ride free with an adult). Metro riders can take the C Line to the Aviation / LAX Station and then take the airport’s free “G” shuttle bus to the LAX terminals. Are there any train stations at the Mumbai airport? There are no train stations at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM), but Andheri Station, which serves the Mumbai Suburban Railway and is connected to the metro station by a pedestrian skywalk, is about 3.7 miles from T2. There is also a hub for buses at Andheri Station. The local BEST buses run between the airport and Andheri Station, or passengers can take a taxi to the station. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and Mumbai? Yes Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to Mumbai? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and Mumbai, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Mumbai from Los Angeles? Doha is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Los Angeles to Mumbai. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai, Singapore Airlines or Qatar Airways? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai are Singapore Airlines and Qatar Airways. With an average price for the route of $1,283 and an overall rating of 8.6, Singapore Airlines is the most popular choice. Qatar Airways is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,279 and an overall rating of 8.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Mumbai? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Mumbai from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Mumbai with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and BOM can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Mumbai? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Mumbai from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to Mumbai Travelers flying aboard American Airlines from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM) will be glad to note that the carrier has a hub at BOM. You’ll arrive via Terminal 2 and enjoy priority clearance services at the checkpoints under the fast lane program. Also, the American Express Lounge is located at Terminal 2. If you arrive at the airport earlier than your scheduled departure, you can kill off time by strolling around to experience some of the airport’s magnificent Art programs. If you’re departing through Tom Bradley International Terminal, you’ll undoubtedly enjoy Mark Bradford's monumental sculpture Bell Tower. Terminal 1 also features magnificent pieces of painting, sculpture, and photography. Suppose you want to drop off your car before your long haul from Los Angeles to Mumbai; you’ll have various on-site and off-site options. The CTA operates parking lots opposite the streets from airport terminals, with hourly, overnight, and long-term prospects. There is also off-site parking at the various hotels near this property. Consider reserving your space in advance to enjoy special rates. Although Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) operates smoke-free indoors, travelers who want to light their cigarettes can do it outdoors. You can locate smoking spaces post-security gates at the Tom Bradley International Terminal and T2 and T7. Remember to ask the nearest airport staff for directions. As you wait at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) for your flight to Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM), you can seek therapy to relax your emotions and calm your nerves. Make your way to the XpresSpa massage parlors in Terminal 5, adjacent to Gate 56. Pedicures, manicures, facials, and waxing await. LAX has nine passenger terminals that are connected by a horseshoe-shaped, two-level roadway. Terminals 1, 2, and 3 are located along the north side of the horseshoe, and Terminals 4, 5, 6, and 7 are located along the south side of the horseshoe. At the top of the horseshoe is the Tom Bradley International Terminal (TBIT, or Terminal B). Flights from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to Mumbai will most likely depart from the Tom Bradley International Terminal, although some of the international airlines may be located in Terminal 2. The public transit buses that serve LAX stop at the LAX City Bus Center, which is about 0.5 miles east of the airport, across S. Sepulveda Blvd. The free “C” shuttle bus runs frequently between this bus center and the airport, stopping at each terminal. For international passengers traveling with children from Los Angeles Airport (LAX), there is a nursing room in Terminal B near Gate 150 as well as a children’s play area near the Great Hall on Level 4 of Terminal B. Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM), formerly known as Sahar International Airport, has two passenger terminals, Terminals 1 (Santacruz) and 2 (Sahar, or T2). All international flights arrive at T2, which is the newer and larger terminal. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to Mumbai See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to Mumbai. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Mumbai? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.6 Singapore AirlinesOverall score based on 3982 reviews 85comfort 89crew 88boarding 83food 86entertainment 87overall Airline reviews Pros: "Singapore Airlines has everything worked out for you before you land. That's a great help. The stewardesses were just phenomenal and endlessly polite. I will definitely use them again." Cons: "As much as I normally nitpick something, I literally have no criticism at all of Singapore Airlines. Everything they did was a step above everyone else."Read more about Singapore Airlines Pros: "Singapore Airlines has everything worked out for you before you land. That's a great help. The stewardesses were just phenomenal and endlessly polite. I will definitely use them again." Cons: "As much as I normally nitpick something, I literally have no criticism at all of Singapore Airlines. Everything they did was a step above everyone else." Cons: "Flight was a little warm but was able to get it cooler via help from crew but got warmer again towards the end of flight. Overall good flight though" Cons: "The lunch part at the end was a little late we had just had a snack and a small sandwich so we didn't eat a lot. But food was great!" Pros: "Flight was full but crew was attentive and very pleasant. Star Alliance Lounge at LAX had a good variety of food and drinks - Asian, western, small bites, snacks; red, white, bubbly and even a bartender who'll mix up cocktails. I love flying SQ." Cons: "For a premium economy service, it was really good." Pros: "The inflight entertainment was great, lots of movie selections" Cons: "The leg room was horrible. Honestly the worst space I've ever had in a flight. I was shocked considering Singapore air is considered one of the best airlines" Pros: "They treated you like you were important and really took care of my every need" Cons: "Getting on a cattle car to go to another terminal and then get in line again to go on the plane" Pros: "Crew was very friendly and responsive to my needs. They met it with a smile." Pros: "I loved everything! The plane was well maintained, the crew were friendly and attentive, the flight was comfortable even for such long hours. Food was also great! In flight entertainment had recent movies and shows, even international selections." Cons: "We stopped in Korea for two hours, that was not listed on my original itinerary. Then we were late to get to Singapore. My seat was very very small and I was seated next to two very large ppl." Cons: "The seat's recline button was broken which meant having to sit for 12+ hours upright. Upon hearing that the seat was broken, the airline crew offered my mother a check for 100 SGD (14% of the ticket value) to be used on Singapore airlines (for the discomfort caused for over 50% of the flight time). They changed her seat from Seoul to Singapore. When I wrote to them about it, they came back saying they had offered her a seat change from LA to Singapore, and she had declined, which is absolutely false. When I called that out, they said, maybe they did not offer aisle seats (note that the broken seat was not aisle). So it just shows that they don't want to accept that they messed up. They even told me that despite their best efforts in pre-flight checks, certain defects only surface when the flight is in progress. Will never ever travel on this airline again." The crew was not very warming, need to be more helpful . We were stranded in bus for 10 min waiting for baording..Specially when you are traveling with kids and long previous flight. Flight has no information regarding time to destination. Wish to have screen for international travels. Too many baby crying, customer and staff yelling at each other. Seat is too small and tight. Could not sleep at all for 16 hour flight ! Pros: "Great crew, excellent staff at the airport. Planes were nice and comfortable. Food was ok. They have an excellent price to quality ratio; you can often get great prices on some of the more popular destinations and the service is 5 stars." Cons: "Some alcoholic drinks" Pros: "The portion for LAX to Doha was fairly comfortable and crew was helpful.. they kept running out of meal options by the time they reached us mid flight .. Doha to Bengaluru portion was less classy— the TV/ remotes etc didn’t work well and overall service not as good .." Cons: "Unorganized too shaky flight made me sick to stomach ,foods are not good service not good" Pros: "Crew was amazing and aircraft was clean and seats comfortable!" Cons: "I would like to have more air fresheners during the flight as there are some people who eat special food and it smells so bad in aircraft" Pros: "food ok, economy seats not too bad" Cons: "old entertainment system. Tight connection and first flight was late, so we got bumped off our connection (they literally removed our names from the flight, even though we could've sprinted through the airport and made it if they waived the 20 minute before departure gate closure). It was an exhausting and long wait for the next flight and I did not think it was well-handled. Staying in a hotel is not a great option, because it takes 2 hours to get out of the airport, another 2 hours cushion to get back in time." Pros: "I had a family emergency and couldn’t go. I wasn’t allowed to switch my flight or change it. Lots of money spent with nothing in return. Unfortunte." Pros: "Food and entertainment was fine." Cons: "Crew was not very organized or helpful. Need more training/experience." Pros: "Entertainment" Cons: "I requested a vegan vegetarian meal and did not get it. I had to do with the regular meal which had a lot of dairy products to which I am allergic to. The space between rows of seats. It was really crammed in Economy and we are a petite thin family!" Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "The seats had such little cushion that it made the flight extremely uncomfortable." Cons: "We were packed like sardines! My flight made me want to retire from traveling!" Pros: "The crew was really great and helpful" Cons: "Only thing that could have been better was ginger ale." Pros: "Good entertainment options" Cons: "two of the three phone charge ports were not working I think the passenger seating areas may not have been deep cleaned" Pros: "Hospitality was wonderful. The food and drinks were great and the constant entertainment made the 10+ hour flight bearable." Cons: "The seats are comfortable but there is definitely not enough leg room especially if you are sitting in the middle seat. There should be some type of incentive given if you get stuck sitting between two complete strangers." Pros: "The food was decent and on board entertainment was pretty good." Cons: "The boarding experience was terrible. We bought new lightweight International sized carry-on bags for our family of four and packed extremely light to keep each of bags under the 8 kg weight limit for carry-on bags. The crew required us to check them anyway! So incredibly annoying." Pros: "I do not know how to go about contesting his, but we bought 4 tickets to South Africa on Swiss air and Edelweiss via Zurich. We received a confirmation email for two of the tickets but not for the other two so we assumed the other ones did not go through as we used two different credit cards." Cons: "We purchased the last two again and when we showed up at the ticket counted they let us know that we bought 6 tickets!!!!!!!! We would like to be reimbursed for the two tickets we did not receive the confirmation emails for. How can we go about it?" Pros: "The crew was professional and helpful. The flight attendant was especially kind to the children giving them activities and toys to play with. The seats were spacious and comfortable. The food was good." Cons: "It’s a small thing, but it’d be nice to have more variety of movies to choose from." Pros: "Check in agent was extremely helpful in expediting both me and my bags after a late check-in. Flight attendants very friendly and helpful, food excellent. If Swiss Air flew everywhere I need to go, I would fly them every time!" Cons: "We are a little hard of hearing. It was hard to hear the attendant when giving directions over the intercom. The speech was garbled and directions spoken too fast. I am not referring to the safety speech. Recommend slowing down so that we have more time to process what was spoken." Pros: "Everything was easy" Cons: "Business class seats are snug for big people compared to other airlines" Pros: "Excellent airline" Cons: "The business seats could have been wider. I have sat on business class other airlines and the seat was a bit wider but overall still great experience" Cons: "I cancelled this flight online, then I called to let them know I was getting emails, but that I had cancelled. For two days I received emails about delayed flights and now this." Pros: "The business class seats are the best we’ve had. Plenty of room, nicely laid out, good organization design. The blankets were fluffy and very comfortable. Crew was super attentive and friendly. For such a long flight, it was very pleasant, will highly recommend." Pros: "The crew were very attentive, they tried hard to help me with comfort, drinks etc. I didnt have food as it was so good in the Virgin Clubhouse!" Cons: "The bed! When you flip it flat its rock hard, and the matress they provide is useless! Need foam matress to really make it more comfotable. If the seat reclined another few inches i wouldnt bother flipping it." Pros: "Boarding process was very efficient and crew was very pleasant and helpful. Seats were reasonable for economy." Cons: "Meals were very small but tasty. Movie options were random but enough to keep you occupied." Pros: "Comfort, service food and entertainment. What more can you ask for." Cons: "Nothing. ]" Pros: "Smooth overall. Food mediocre but edible. (More than I could say for other airlnes.) Price also good." Cons: "Lots of flight schedules changes. Missed connecting flight as a result. No time left to deal with customs and baggage." Pros: "Super friendly and helpful crew, food etc was fantastic very enjoyable flight. Thank you" Pros: "The seats were very comfortable even though legroom was limited in the basic cabin." Cons: "Delta delayed the flight from LAX to SLC, which subsequently made me miss the connecting flight from SLC to ORD. Completely unacceptable" Pros: "Overall, flight was great." Cons: "The couple next to me were a little on the plus size. A little tight for my flight. But I was ok" Pros: "I did not like nothing" Cons: "Custom took for ever they only had 2 agents working and I Missed my fight to nyc" Cons: "Sat on the runway for over an hour to get the gate. Unacceptable." Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Pros: "The attendant was most helpful. Because the flight was not full, she allowed us to sit in the exit row, window and aisle, with no one between. I'm a tall person, so the extra leg room was deeply appreciated. I give her and the airline high marks." Pros: "The crew members were very friendly" Cons: "Coach seats still a little too small. Always bump the person next to me" Cons: "Due to the earthquakes, the film festival I was going to was cancelled. Ten days prior to the flight I called AeroMexico to cancel and they said there would be a cancellation penalty, which was fine. When I tried to redeem my credit, they said there was also an additional "No-show fee" even though I called to cancel 10 days prior, which left a total of $70 credit after all their penalties. I called and emailed to complain but they did nothing but pass me to someone else who was equally unhelpful. I will never fly AeroMexico for any reason in the future." Pros: "We were not happy with our flight my flight got cancelled 3 times I miss work they need to reimburse us and also reimburses the hotel cuz we had to stay at a hotel because they cancelled our flight three times and then our flight that we went out on Monday was late because of a flight attendant arriving late to the hotel to the airport" Singapore Airlines8.6 Qatar Airways8.2 SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to Mumbai found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/17Wed 3 stops 47h 50mLAX-BOM $386 Search 1/10Wed 3 stops 45h 10mLAX-BOM $407 Search 1/17Wed 3 stops 47h 50mLAX-BOM $408 Search 1/29Mon 2 stopsSingapore Airlines 32h 20mLAX-BOM $449 Search 4/26Fri 1 stopSingapore Airlines 24h 40mLAX-BOM $481 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopDelta 22h 15mLAX-BOM $615 Search 1/20Sat 1 stopDelta 23h 20mLAX-BOM $624 Search 1/11Thu 1 stopQatar Airways 23h 10mLAX-BOM $655 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopQatar Airways 21h 15mLAX-BOM $739 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopTurkish Airlines 26h 55mLAX-BOM $891 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSingapore AirlinesDeltaQatar AirwaysTurkish Airlines Search by price$410 or less$450 or less$620 or less$660 or less$890 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 21h 00mLAX-BOM 12/13Wed multi-stopDelta 24h 20mBOM-LAX $991 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 21h 00mLAX-BOM 12/14Thu multi-stopDelta 22h 50mBOM-LAX $1,006 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 27h 10mLAX-BOM 3/13Wed multi-stopQatar Airways 22h 25mBOM-LAX $1,211 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 21h 15mLAX-BOM 5/15Wed multi-stopQatar Airways 26h 38mBOM-LAX $1,232 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopCathay Pacific 23h 40mLAX-BOM 12/4Mon multi-stopCathay Pacific 32h 45mBOM-LAX $1,244 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopTurkish Airlines 21h 00mLAX-BOM 3/12Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 23h 25mBOM-LAX $1,255 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 26h 55mLAX-BOM 5/28Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 22h 50mBOM-LAX $1,257 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopLufthansa 20h 25mLAX-BOM 3/17Sun multi-stopLufthansa 27h 10mBOM-LAX $1,313 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopLufthansa 20h 25mLAX-BOM 3/19Tue multi-stopLufthansa 27h 10mBOM-LAX $1,314 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopCathay Pacific 35h 25mLAX-BOM 12/26Tue multi-stopCathay Pacific 23h 40mBOM-LAX $1,381 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineDeltaQatar AirwaysCathay PacificTurkish AirlinesLufthansa Search by price$1,010 or less$1,230 or less$1,260 or less$1,310 or less$1,380 or less Los Angeles - Mumbai Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: Mumbai (BOM)India Return flight deals: Mumbai - Los Angeles Cabin classes: First Class flights to Mumbai Business Class flights to Mumbai Prem Econ Class flights to Mumbai Economy Class flights to Mumbai Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $791Flights from Los Angeles to Mumbai Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » Mumbai $791Flights to Mumbai, Mumbai Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Mumbai flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Mumbai from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Mumbai from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.