Cheap Flights from Montreal to Newark Airport from C$ 160 | (YUL - EWR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YUL - EWR Find cheap flights from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport from C$ 160 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 7/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Newark Liberty Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Newark, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Newark, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Montreal to Newark?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Montreal to Newark that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:35 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.YUL-EWR 5h 55m1 stop 7:50 a.m. - 11:50 a.m.EWR-YUL 4h 00m1 stop C$ 190Porter Airlines Find Deal Thu, 4 Jan - Mon, 8 Jan 4:00 p.m. - 8:55 p.m.YUL-EWR 4h 55m1 stop 7:50 a.m. - 11:50 a.m.EWR-YUL 4h 00m1 stop C$ 191Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 5 Jan - Mon, 8 Jan 8:15 a.m. - 9:54 a.m.YUL-EWR 1h 39mdirect 5:40 p.m. - 7:16 p.m.EWR-YUL 1h 36mdirect C$ 216Air Canada Find Deal Mon, 25 Dec - Thu, 28 Dec 8:00 p.m. - 9:44 p.m.YUL-EWR 1h 44mdirect 8:00 a.m. - 1:18 p.m.EWR-YUL 5h 18m1 stop C$ 223Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 26 Dec - Sat, 30 Dec 8:00 p.m. - 9:44 p.m.YUL-EWR 1h 44mdirect 7:54 p.m. - 9:42 p.m.EWR-YUL 1h 48mdirect C$ 261United Airlines Find Deal Tue, 26 Dec - Sun, 31 Dec 1:05 p.m. - 3:00 p.m.YUL-EWR 1h 55mdirect 3:40 p.m. - 5:16 p.m.EWR-YUL 1h 36mdirect C$ 264United Airlines Find Deal Fri, 2 Feb - Sun, 4 Feb 11:08 a.m. - 1:11 p.m.YUL-EWR 2h 03mdirect 8:55 a.m. - 2:00 p.m.EWR-YUL 5h 05m1 stop C$ 265 Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Sun, 14 Jan 1:05 p.m. - 11:30 p.m.YUL-EWR 10h 25m1 stop 6:00 a.m. - 7:32 a.m.EWR-YUL 1h 32mdirect C$ 266 Find Deal Sat, 23 Dec - Mon, 1 Jan 1:05 p.m. - 10:58 p.m.YUL-EWR 9h 53m2 stops 3:25 p.m. - 11:11 p.m.EWR-YUL 7h 46m2 stops C$ 290Delta Find Deal Mon, 29 Jan - Fri, 9 Feb 6:14 a.m. - 7:06 p.m.YUL-EWR 12h 52m2 stops 6:00 a.m. - 12:03 p.m.EWR-YUL 6h 03m1 stop C$ 324Delta Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Fri, 15 Dec Show more results Flights from Montreal to Newark - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Montreal to Newark to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Newark Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Newark Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Newark Airport is March, where tickets cost C$ 314 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and June, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 523 and C$ 436 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Newark Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Newark Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Newark Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 48 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Porter Airlines (C$ 160) and Air Canada (C$ 174). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Porter Airlines (C$ 258) and Air Canada (C$ 293). Which airlines fly direct between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Newark Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Newark Airport. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Newark Airport. They are Air Canada and United Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is United Airlines, with the best deal found costing C$ 301. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air Canada. How many flights are there between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Newark Airport per day? Each day, there are 6 nonstop flights that take off from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and land in Newark Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 49m. The most common departure time is 8:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 42 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 6. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Newark Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport take? Direct flights from Montreal generally make it to Newark Liberty Airport in 1h 39m. The flying distance between the two cities is 854 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport at 7:00 am and will be landing in Newark Airport at 9:03 am. What’s the latest departure time from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Newark Airport jets off at 8:00 pm and lands at 9:44 pm. Good to know Low season January High season April Cheapest flight C$ 160 Best time to beat the crowds (4% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 21% lower on average. Flight from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport When to book flights from Montreal to Newark Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Montreal to Newark based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport flights Which airports will I be using when flying from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport? Montreal airport is called Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl and the only airport in Newark Liberty Airport is Newark. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport? WestJet Encore, Air Canada, American Airlines, United Airlines, and Aeromexico offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport? The Boeing 737 MAX 9 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Montreal and Newark Liberty Airport. On which days can I fly direct from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport? There are direct flights from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Montreal to Newark, Porter Airlines or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Montreal to Newark are Porter Airlines and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 329 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 408 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Newark Liberty Airport from Montreal is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Newark Liberty Airport with an airline and back to Montreal with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Montreal to Newark Liberty Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Newark Liberty Airport from Montreal up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Montreal to Newark Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 249 or less one-way and C$ 521 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Newark? Find which airlines fly direct from Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Newark, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Newark Search flights Monday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 Thursday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 Friday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 Saturday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 Sunday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Newark to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 Thursday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 Friday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 Saturday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 Sunday Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines,TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +1 more Air Canada,Scandinavian Airlines, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Montreal to Newark See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Montreal to Newark. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Montreal to Newark? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29957 reviews 85crew 78comfort 75food 81boarding 78entertainment 81overall Airline reviews Pros: "Great service" Cons: "Messed up my luggage in Atlanta. Gate said baggage was going to domestic. Ended up in international terminal. Added almost an hour of back and forth between terminals."Read more about Delta Pros: "Great service" Cons: "Messed up my luggage in Atlanta. Gate said baggage was going to domestic. Ended up in international terminal. Added almost an hour of back and forth between terminals." Pros: "The crew was understanding and sympathetic to the customer's frustration with a delayed flight." Cons: "Delta should have figured out a way to not delay the flight. Every flight was delayed." Pros: "Crew was great especially Fawn. Best flight attendant I’ve had." Pros: "We eventually got to Atlanta." Cons: "Delta is flying a lot of commuter planes, which are pretty cramped. We usually fly first class, and the seating is essentially the same as what coach used to be. There's nothing "first class" about it. And of course, the flight was hours late." Pros: "Crew was amazing." Cons: "Delayed departure due to late crew arrival. Not a huge deal." Pros: "Zee was our flight attendant and she was absolutely wonderful. Personable, attentive, and she made sure each and every person on the plane was comfortable and happy, going so far as to move solo passengers to empty rows so they could have more space. I wish she could be on every flight I take." Pros: "Nice crew" Cons: "Late flight due to ground hold EWR. Two screaming kids immediately behind me." Pros: "Food, comfort, entertainment and treatment by the crew on this flight was spectacular. There was a lot of food, good entertainment and importantly, the seats were wide and comfortable." Cons: "Very old plane, 767-300. The bathrooms needed a better and more thorough renovation." Pros: "The food was good Flight was on time plane was clean loved the crew! Flew out with them, and returned with them... so that was nice!" Cons: "Not knowing we were being bused to plane from Terminal Boarded early because of it, created a bit of chaos and panic My tv was broken- worked intermittently need connector for iphone ear buds - should have universal ports" Pros: "On time, pleasant and friendly flight attendant, no unexpected issues or problems." Cons: "Grumpy gate attendants at YUL! Could not hear the captain’s comments over the PA system. Shouldn’t the volume be checked every so often? We were offered only water or coffee, bad enough, then there was no milk or cream on board, so water or black coffee... not very impressive! And there was no entertainment so I’d rate that zero but the scale only goes as low as one star." Cons: "Everything was excellent! I will be flying with them again!" Pros: "Comfortable with good food, drink, entertainment and service. Flight left on time." Cons: "NA" Cons: "Flight was delayed getting out and when we landed we were stuck on the tarmac for an hour so our connecting flight was missed. The person at the Lufthansa desk left at EWR so there was no one to talk to about vouchers for our cancelled flight. Also I never received an email update about my upgrade request contrary to the email I received saying that I would get an update. I would not fly again on Lufthansa." Pros: "Everything! By far the best flight that I have ever been on!" Cons: "All was fine. No complaints!" Pros: "The plane was cleaner that most other ones and the seating configuration made it easy to get comfortable during the flight." Cons: "The flight was delayed with no explanation or announcement as to why. The flight attendants only passed the beverage cart or served water when serving the meals during the 9-hour flight. At no other time did they check to see if the passengers wanted a beverage." Pros: "The crew was competent and friendly. Once we missed our connection, the "help desk" was accommodating, though we had to stand in line for a long, long time before they could help us." Cons: "We were delayed leaving Munich and the pilot simply said he had no explanation. The delay, combined with massive dysfunction at the Newark airport, caused us to miss our connection to RDU. We ended up in an airport hotel where we caught four hours' sleep before returning to the airport. Newark airport is the worst I've ever experienced. Getting our passports stamped took more than an hour. There were five officials there to clear five or six hundred U.S. passport holders. Then, the TSA people were rude, inefficient, and achingly slow. Overall, it was a horrible experience." Pros: "One of the crew members, a male, was very nice." Cons: "•We boarded and consequently landed late, which caused my cousin to miss his connecting flight, coupled with the long customs process upon landing. There was no accommodation given to my cousin so I have to take him back home with me and then drive 2 hours tomorrow morning to bring him back for his new flight. •The charger ports for our seats were not working, which means we were 8 hours + without a phone. •One female flight attendant had a bad attitude and dropped pretzels in my lap after I turned to quickly ask my cousin a question regarding what drink he wanted. •The plane landing was one of the most reckless I’d ever witnessed." Pros: "I liked having the option to upgrade to a Premium Economy seat for this long flight. It made a big difference in my comfort during the flight." Pros: "It was ok" Cons: "Two flights were both late Had to run to gate Luggage delayed" Pros: "Convenient connections, fantastic airport, new aircraft with many large toilets in lower deck, super professional crew, really make a big difference when travelling 9 hours with 3 young kids." Pros: "The crew was good and boarding was super efficient" Cons: "No entertain on the plane. Since when YTZ offered no more complimentary drinks and some snack?" Cons: "The 4pm flight not leaving at 10pm. Or at least being informed that the flight was gonna be delayed before 3 pm" Pros: "I felt like I was taken advantage of by porter airlines" Cons: "They didn’t tell me I had to pay 110$ to bring on carry on luggage! Unacceptable. I will never fly porter again." Cons: "Our checked in bags did not come out on the carousel, instead they had been sitting on the ground beside another carousel - with no notification. There was a handful of us waiting 30+ mins for our bags and no one around to assist." Pros: "Flight attendants are among the most professional and refined I’ve come across traveling anywhere in North America. It’s a pleasure flying with them." Pros: "Our flight attendant was WONDERFUL! I wish I knew her name. She was the only one with glasses. This was the ~3:15pm flight Nov 25 from Montreal to Toronto. She was very pleasant and attentive, and truly loved her job but not over the top. My friend and I were super impressed by the service of everyone but especially her. The snacks were also a very nice touch. Great prices and deals on flights" Pros: "I needed to use wheelchair service and was greeted by name as I boarded the plane. The flight attendant Barry then came and told me if there was anything he could do for me during the flight just to let him know. After the flight was over Barry asked me to wait till everyone deplaned so He could make sure my wheelchair was there and then carried my bag to them. Porter airlines is top notch. I will use them again next time I go to visit my daughter." Cons: "There is only 1 lavatory on the plane and early in the flight they had to shut it down! Luckily there were no incidents but how can you not have a working lavatory?! What would they do if someone really had to go?" Pros: "The crew was very courteous! No one bumped my arms!" Cons: "They didn’t let us know why our flight was one hour late," Pros: "My flight was delayed due to bad weather but they offered complimentary drink service at the airport and I really appreciated it. I would like to fly with Porter Airlines again." Cons: "When we checked in for the return flight in CPH we learned that our return ticket was “light” ie it did not include luggage. we were not informed about this, we did not request a ‘light” return ticket, and...why would we when we checked luggage flying over? We’d like the usd100 refunded" Cons: "Again we had to climb down stairs with our luggage to get to the boarding area, then we had the typical ramp. What is it with Europe and stairs? If you have any issues beware. You better be strong and fit to fly in Europe. Not too many luxuries." Pros: "Beautiful airport, nice merchandise and merchants.flights on time." Cons: "In Copenhagen I left my iphone in the bin during security check. Half an hour later i heard my name on P.A. system. The message was muffled and never repeated. I ran in circles trying to retrieve my phone and I got very poor assistance. I had to be deboarded an boarded again and barely made my flight. I was misinformed several times and ran around the airport with my hand luggage like a chicken without a head. Why wasn’t it brought to my gate? They had my info." Cons: "the staff constantly refused to help when they could and provided wrong information that caused me to miss my flight. i will never book through kayak because of this experience." Pros: "Business class lounge excellent. People who helped with the wheelchair were excellent." Cons: "In a wheelchair. Check in was terrible and rude. The fact that SAS did not allow us to bring my electric chair directly to the gate was absurd (only airline in the world that did that). The fact that it was not at the gate when we arrived in Newark surprised even the SAS Gate agents. Had to go to baggage and collect it in oversize baggage. Will not fly SAS again until that policy has changed." Pros: "flight arrived on time" Cons: "The food was poor, ventilation system in the cabin terrible. Smell from bathrooms during the whole flight, both ways. SAS lost our luggage and nobody seams to care about it. They know that there is a problem with luggage transfer on connecting flight, but don't bother to do anything about it. Customer service representative is not able to provide any information, doesn't even understand English well. Nobody answers the phone... At this point, we're still waiting for our bags" Pros: "Good movies and food good. Seats wide enough and mostly enough bathrooms." Pros: "Everything about the flight was wonderful except baggage claim, in BOTH directions." Cons: "It could have been the perfect trip, but I am not sure why SAS baggage handling is so mediocre. In both the flights from EWR to OSLO and back, every aspect of the trip was super, except for the wait for baggage. In Oslo, I estimate having waited at least a half an hour at the carousel before the bags started showing up, and the same in Newark. We had long cleared Immigration, which normally is not a speedy process, and yet still had to wait at least 20 minutes for the FIRST bag to appear on the carousel. Most annoying, particularly after a relatively long flight, and especially for transfer passengers who needed to recheck their bags to continue to other destinations." Pros: "Staff efficient." Cons: "Leg room is tight. No free alcohol. Dinner was very good. Lunch snack was tasteless." Pros: "Seats were very comfortable for economy. Crew was pleasant, attentive and efficient. Good seatback entertainment system." Cons: "Once passengers do final passport check and enter secure gate area on this flight to the US, there’s no bathroom available. On the transatlantic flight, no complimentary glass of wine as on other airlines." Cons: "1h late departure, but we arrived at the expected time. Seats were not very confortable, but everyone had an individual tv. We bought a flight Montreal-Mexico-Panama City, but for some reasons, it was impossible to get boarding passes for the second part of this flight... We had to check-in again in Mexico city." Pros: "The crew provides excellent customer service. I also liked the collection of movies they offered." Cons: "Would been better if the plane had more room on the aisle." Pros: "The lunch was good, the team was nice and the flight went well!" Pros: "I got food, and entertainment" Cons: "Less check up, they literally checked my passport 5 times and delayed the flight for 20 minutes which made me be late for my class" Cons: "Horrible and first flight was 1h45min late which made me miss my connecting flight. The transit airport was also a horrible experience to spend many endless hours in." Pros: "I fly a lot for business so I have seen my fair share of issues. I can honestly say AeroMeixco compares to a bad budget airline in the USA if anything goes bad." Cons: "Hard to believe a national airline can be so unorganized. When you ask staff why the info board does not get updated or HAS WRONG INFORMATION, they just shrug it off by saying “This is Mexico, sorry”. Truly inexcuseable. Even their website has wrong “real-time” info; showing the flight is in Mid air while we are trying to find out which gate we should go to. Never again." Pros: "the crew was very gentle." Cons: "I could not get my chair in a more confortable position to sleep, it did not work. Because of that my 6 hour and a half trip was very long and unconfortable and i ended up with pain in my lower back." Cons: "In the counter people were rude (as always) and the first guy that helped us didnt found us. A lot of time wasting and not much staff to check-in." Pros: "Will choose Aeromexico again! Very nice and helpful crew and staff. Appreciated that food and beverages were served." Cons: "No wifi, no movies, no power outlets. The budget airline I flew to Mexico (Volaris) was nicer." Delta7.9 Lufthansa7.8 Porter Airlines7.7 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Aeromexico7.4 Book cheap flights from Montreal to Newark Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Montreal to Newark found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 7/1Sun 1 stopPorter Airlines 3h 55mYUL-EWR C$ 118 Search 15/1Mon 1 stopPorter Airlines 3h 50mYUL-EWR C$ 119 Search 24/12Sun directAir Canada 1h 39mYUL-EWR C$ 128 Search 24/12Sun directAir Canada 1h 55mYUL-EWR C$ 132 Search 21/12Thu directUnited Airlines 1h 55mYUL-EWR C$ 143 Search 21/12Thu directUnited Airlines 1h 39mYUL-EWR C$ 154 Search 26/1Fri 2 stops 19h 24mYUL-EWR C$ 156 Search 19/1Fri 2 stops 22h 04mYUL-EWR C$ 171 Search 15/1Mon 2 stopsDelta 8h 40mYUL-EWR C$ 184 Search 18/12Mon 1 stopDelta 5h 29mYUL-EWR C$ 192 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaUnited AirlinesDelta Search by priceC$ 120 or lessC$ 130 or lessC$ 150 or lessC$ 170 or lessC$ 190 or less Last minute flights from Montreal to Newark Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Montreal to Newark that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 3h 50mYUL-EWR 3/1Wed multi-stopPorter Airlines 4h 05mEWR-YUL C$ 218 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 4h 05mYUL-EWR 12/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 4h 05mEWR-YUL C$ 226 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopPorter Airlines 4h 30mYUL-EWR 2/1Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 4h 05mEWR-YUL C$ 232 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 3h 50mYUL-EWR 5/1Fri multi-stopPorter Airlines 4h 00mEWR-YUL C$ 235 Search 3/12Sun directAir Canada 1h 39mYUL-EWR 9/12Sat directAir Canada 1h 30mEWR-YUL C$ 364 Search 3/12Sun multi-stop 5h 05mYUL-EWR 7/12Thu multi-stop 23h 10mEWR-YUL C$ 365 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAir Canada 4h 40mYUL-EWR 17/12Sun directAir Canada 1h 36mEWR-YUL C$ 370 Search 3/12Sun direct 1h 55mYUL-EWR 7/12Thu multi-stop 4h 55mEWR-YUL C$ 371 Search 3/12Sun directUnited Airlines 1h 39mYUL-EWR 6/12Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 4h 20mEWR-YUL C$ 387 Search 2/12Sat directUnited Airlines 1h 55mYUL-EWR 6/12Wed directUnited Airlines 1h 36mEWR-YUL C$ 391 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 230 or lessC$ 240 or lessC$ 370 or lessC$ 370 or lessC$ 390 or less Montreal - Newark Liberty Airport Flights Departure: Montreal (YUL)Canada Destination: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Return flight deals: Newark Liberty Airport - Montreal Cabin classes: C$ 941 First Class flights to Newark C$ 916 Business Class flights to Newark C$ 1,230 Prem Econ Class flights to Newark C$ 342 Economy Class flights to Newark Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 257Flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Newark Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport C$ 257Flights to Newark Airport, Newark Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Moncton Flights to Victoria Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Newark Liberty Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Newark Liberty Airport from Montreal. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Newark Liberty Airport from Montreal. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.