Cheap Flights from New York JFK to London from $95 | (JFK - LON) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JFK - LON Find cheap flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London from $95 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/29. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to London These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to London. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to London. How much is the cheapest flight from John F Kennedy Intl to London?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from John F Kennedy Intl to London that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:20 pm - 2:35 pmJFK-LHR 34h 15m2 stops 9:55 am - 9:30 pmLHR-JFK 16h 35m1 stop $363Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Sun, Jan 21 11:20 pm - 2:35 pmJFK-LHR 34h 15m2 stops 9:55 am - 9:30 pmLHR-JFK 16h 35m1 stop $364Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Mon, Jan 22 6:10 pm - 6:00 amJFK-LGW 6h 50mnonstop 12:35 pm - 3:50 pmLGW-JFK 8h 15mnonstop $398Norse Atlantic UK Find Deal Mon, Feb 26 - Thu, Feb 29 6:10 pm - 6:00 amJFK-LGW 6h 50mnonstop 12:35 pm - 3:50 pmLGW-JFK 8h 15mnonstop $404Norse Atlantic UK Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Mon, Jan 29 10:26 pm - 10:25 amJFK-LHR 6h 59mnonstop 4:20 pm - 7:35 pmLHR-JFK 8h 15mnonstop $580Iberia Find Deal Mon, Dec 25 - Fri, Jan 12 6:30 pm - 10:00 amJFK-LHR 10h 30m1 stop 5:05 pm - 8:10 pmLHR-JFK 8h 05mnonstop $588Iberia Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Mon, Dec 18 9:25 pm - 5:20 pmJFK-LCY 14h 55m1 stop 7:45 am - 3:50 pmLCY-JFK 13h 05m1 stop $688Virgin Atlantic Find Deal Thu, Dec 28 - Mon, Feb 26 5:35 pm - 8:10 amJFK-LCY 10h 35m1 stop 10:00 am - 3:25 pmLCY-JFK 10h 25m1 stop $692Delta Find Deal Fri, Mar 22 - Tue, Apr 2 5:35 pm - 8:10 amJFK-LCY 9h 35m1 stop 8:40 am - 3:25 pmLCY-JFK 11h 45m1 stop $695Delta Find Deal Tue, Apr 2 - Wed, Apr 10 9:25 pm - 4:35 pmJFK-LCY 14h 10m1 stop 1:45 pm - 7:25 pmLCY-JFK 10h 40m1 stop $845Virgin Atlantic Find Deal Mon, Dec 25 - Sun, Feb 4 Show more results Flights from John F Kennedy Intl to London - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from John F Kennedy Intl to London to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London cost $129 and was between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and London Gatwick Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $280. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London is January, where tickets cost $535 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $879 and $823 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 87 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $363 on Scandinavian Airlines, followed by Norse Atlantic UK ($398). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $95 on JetBlue and from $128 on Norse Atlantic UK. Which airlines fly most frequently between New York John F Kennedy Airport and London? British Airways connects New York John F Kennedy Airport to London up to 13 flights per day, followed by American Airlines (6 flights per day), and Virgin Atlantic (5 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and London? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London. There are 6 airlines that fly nonstop from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London. They are: American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, JetBlue, Norse Atlantic UK and Virgin Atlantic. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Norse Atlantic UK at $228 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Norse Atlantic UK. How many flights are there between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and London per day? Each day, there are between 30 and 35 nonstop flights that take off from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and land in London, with an average flight time of 6h 58m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening, while the most flights land at London Heathrow Airport. Each week, there are 236 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 15% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and London? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London take? Direct flights cover the 3,453 miles separating New York John F Kennedy Airport to London in about 6h 50m. What’s the earliest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport at 8:05 am and will be landing in London at 7:50 pm. What’s the latest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London jets off at 11:25 pm and lands at 11:15 am. Good to know Low season January High season April Cheapest flight $95 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 21% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 8% lower on average. Flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport When to book flights from John F Kennedy Intl to London Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from John F Kennedy Intl to London based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York John F Kennedy Airport to London flights Does London Gatwick Airport connect to a public transportation system? Yes. LGW has good public transport links, including trains, buses, shuttles, and taxis. The airport is served by express trains that provide direct transit to Downtown London in about 30 to 35 minutes departing at 15-minute intervals. The trains connect to various stations in Central London. LGW train station is in the Southern Terminal. Buses from LGW have stops adjacent to the Southern Terminal and the lower level of the North Terminal. Various companies offer transit between the airport and multiple regions of London. Which airline provides comprehensive services for unaccompanied minors traveling from John F. Kennedy International Airport to London? Various airlines, including British Airways, Delta, American, and United Airlines, offer flight travel from JFK to London for unaccompanied minors. Consider flying British Airways, which has a Skyflyer Solo program where kids aged 5 to 11 can travel alone on the airline. The program offers numerous services to the unaccompanied minor - including priority check-in and boarding, escort services, and dedicated assistance throughout the journey - both before the departure and during flight connections. The unaccompanied minors flying British Airways will have unique identification like badges or wristbands. Which layover options do I have from New York John F. Kennedy International Airport to London? Flights from JFK to London either fly nonstop or with one or multiple stopovers. If you have a layover flight on this route, your layover city will depend on the airline and route you fly. Consider flying Emirates, British Airways, Lufthansa, Delta, Brussels Airlines, Air France, and Air Canada, providing single layover flights with layovers in cities like Calgary, Toronto, Rome, Zurich, Atlanta, Chicago, Miami, Seattle, and Washington D.C. Which airline flying from New York John F. Kennedy International Airport to London have eco-friendly practices? Approximately 3499 lbs of CO₂ is emitted by flights traveling to London from JFK. Airlines such as JetBlue, Delta Air Lines, Virgin Atlantic, British Airways, and Avianca offer ecologically sustainable flights on the route. Consider flying Delta Air Lines, which has a carbon neutrality target set for 2030. The airline has fuel-efficient planes, engages in carbon offsetting programs, and uses energy-efficient technologies. Do I need a passport to fly between New York John F Kennedy Airport and London? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London? New York John F Kennedy Airport is served by only 1 airport and there are 6 airports in London. You will leave New York John F Kennedy Airport from New York John F Kennedy Intl and you will be arriving in London at one of these airports: London City, London Gatwick, London Heathrow, London Luton, London Southend, or London Stansted. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to London flight route: American Airlines, Iberia, Cape Air, British Airways, Finnair, and JetBlue. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London? The Boeing 777 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to London flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and London, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London? There are nonstop flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to London, JetBlue or Virgin Atlantic? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to London are JetBlue and Virgin Atlantic. With an average price for the route of $662 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Virgin Atlantic is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $651 and an overall rating of 8.0. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to London from New York John F Kennedy Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to London with an airline and back to New York John F Kennedy Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to London from New York John F Kennedy Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from New York to London Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $185 or less one-way and $469 or less round-trip. John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) is New York City's main airport. The airport is a central international hub connecting several destinations worldwide - including London. Consider flying American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, British Airways, Emirates, and United Airlines from JFK to London, as the airline offers online check-in services for a streamlined experience at the airport. There are six primary airports in London: Heathrow (LHR), Gatwick (LGW), London City (LCY), Stansted (STN), Luton (LTN), and Southend (SEN). However, when it comes to international travel to and from London, LHR serves as the primary airport. It facilitates connections with various nearby cities such as Slough, Uxbridge, Egham, Sunbury, and Staines. If you are heading to Central London, consider flying into LCY, as the airport is the closest to the Downtown London area - about 6 miles away. Downtown London is accessible via the Dockland Light Railway system in about 20 to 30 minutes, depending on the railway station in Central London. STN, serving the northeast part of central London, is mainly served by low-cost carriers, which is ideal if you are looking for a budget-friendly travel option to London. Consider flying into STN for competitive flight price options suited to your budget. Luton Airport is less crowded compared to other airports in London. Consider flying into LTN for shorter queues, fast-track check-in and security screening, enhancing a smooth travel experience. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York John F Kennedy Intl to London? Find which airlines fly direct from John F Kennedy Intl to London, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York John F Kennedy Intl to London Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 See more direct flights Nonstop returns London to New York John F Kennedy Intl Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from John F Kennedy Intl to London See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to London. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from John F Kennedy Intl to London? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19619 reviews 82comfort 86crew 82overall 79entertainment 78food 83boarding Airline reviews Cons: "Flight was 3 1/2 hours delayed. In-flight entertainment system didn’t function. They didn’t perform a beverage/snack service. Very poor overall. Disappointing."Read more about JetBlue Cons: "Flight was 3 1/2 hours delayed. In-flight entertainment system didn’t function. They didn’t perform a beverage/snack service. Very poor overall. Disappointing." Cons: "Two hour delay between boarding and then sitting on the runway." Pros: "Crew handled a health situation very well. Never lost their composure." Cons: "Not having our luggage lost" Cons: "Wasn't their fault but it was a pretty turbulent flight. It's winter and we flew NY to Costa Rica, this is expecteddue to the wind, in the winter, in warmer climates. you could tell the pilot was doing his best to avoid turbulence though & the staff were ultra professional." Pros: "Legroom in coach and snacks" Cons: "My wife and I were assigned seats in separate rows" Pros: "The early boarding for families with strollers and the comfortable seats with a little more space than other airlines." Pros: "Ample leg space, super clean, very amiable staff, free media, all round excellent. Positive feel." Cons: "Liked everything" Cons: "The flight was delayed 2 hrs. Engine as no flight permission problems. My seat was hard." Cons: "Too much talking on the loud speaker. Cabin lights on with over an hour left in flight" Cons: "I forgot my earbuds and there were no complimentary headsets available" Pros: "I thought my out flight with Lufthansa would be good but it was surpassed by the return flight with Swiss Based on my experience I believe Swiss should be a 5 star airline as well" Cons: "A slight delay" Pros: "Friendly and caring attendants. Smooth flight. Good condition of the aircraft." Pros: "Crew was great. Ice cream was fun. Swiss chocolate was a nice surprise!" Cons: "Short flight with no entertainment, no means to charge devices." Pros: "The best thing is that they’re always on time" Cons: "The seats are way too cramped" Pros: "Chocolate is a nice touch. Snacks (sandwich) was actually good." Cons: "Seating upholstery needs to be replaced. Faux leather upholstery has cracks. The seat next to mine kept coming off." Cons: "Boarding started 20 mins late, once on board was moved to accommodate a family to sit together. No objection to them sitting together but how is it possible that they’re in that situation to begin with. Flight was overbooked so crew offering cash to delay for a later flight, which on a Sunday evening is an unappetising proposect" Pros: "Booked a flight to Europe. Online check in easy. Luggage dropoff at JFK had no line for online check in. Flight was on time, my luggage arrived in my final destination fine (had 1 transfer). Crew was efficient and attentive." Cons: "Spaces for seats in the economy class are shrinking. With Swiss Air, seems more so as the seats recline quite a bit which is of course good for an 8-9 hours flight. However if the passenger in front of you reclines their seats, you absolutely are forced to recline yours immediately, otherwise no one will fit. Flight attendants have to ask passengers to put the seats back from reclining during meal service so people can open the food tray and are able to access it, that is how much the seats tilt." Pros: "Everyone was very friendly and helpful. They were all multi-lingual and ready to help foreign travelers. The food was good. The plain wasn’t overstuffed with people - actually there were enough open seats that everyone could have a little extra space. Will always check Swiss Air first for international travel." Pros: "It was nice because plane was half empty so had quicker attention from stewards - everything was good." Pros: "It reminds me of school dinners" Cons: "Bland, over cooked No thought into the presentation or flavour" Pros: "Crew are always top notch, free drinks are readily available and entertainment system is great." Cons: "The food portions and quality have definitely declined over the years sadly, as carriers cut costs no doubt." Pros: "I travelled on economy delight, flight was fully packed, yet it felt spacious and comfortable. Lightning was great. Food was yummy! And pilots gave us updates on air travel, and if there were any delays etc." Cons: "Nothing. Had a great trip!" Pros: "Amazing crew, excellent drinks and decent food. Very comfortable seat" Cons: "Everything was great" Pros: "Crew was great !!!" Cons: "Seating in upper class is uncomfortable and bedding is not fresh." Pros: "The flight itself was good! The one from London to Delhi was better than from JFK to London" Cons: "I wasn’t told about my baggage were being delivered through different airlines the other day!" Pros: "The flight felt so short, service was amazing, food was good. Great overall experience." Cons: "They lost my luggage, and ruined my trip, Customer service doesn't pick up the phone" Pros: "Staff was very friendly, the plane was very clean. Loved the entire trip, except for our uncontrollable weather delay." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "The crew was pleasant and attentive" Cons: "The entertainment system was not good. The touch screen was not calibrated and very hard to select and scroll through. The flight was over a hour late so we missed our connection. Got rebooked okay, but after traveling for 18 hours having to wait three extra hours was a drag." Pros: "Although we were badly delayed the cabin service was excellent in every way. Good meal , cheerful staff and well turned out." Cons: "Tightly packed seats made for discomfort. My knees were touching the seat in front of me." Cons: "A Boeing 757 should not be used for a 6+ hour flight" Pros: "The entire crew was amazing they were professional friendly and accommodating" Cons: "I checked two bags and paid for them. The flight was full. I dutifully got in line for zone two. Next thing you know, at least 25 people got to board early and have free bag check. Really? I should get $35 dollar refund." Cons: "The flight from. JFK to Barcelona was delayed as well. Their computers were down in Atlanta. So everyone had to have their name hand typed into a computer when boarding. Then the pilot said that our bags are usually weighed and computerized for even distribution on the plane. That system was also down, so we sat on the runway waiting for that problem to be fixed. When we arrived at Barcelona, I unpacked and discovered a jacket and pants in my luggage were wet. The only place that could have happened was at JfK during their rain storm and the luggage weight issue." Cons: "My friend and I was switched to an even worse seating when boarding. Very uncomfortable especially for my friend since he had crutches." Pros: "Crew was ok" Cons: "Plane boarded late, took off late, arrived late. Boarding was confusing and slow." Pros: "Food was amazing tasted and seasoned well. Not bland, really good salad and chicken." Cons: "Delay. (liked kayak delay updates tho!) crew not very attending and it looked like they didnt care. In order to keep folks busy because of the delay. They gave out immigration and customs papers out, but refused to give pen. I literally didn't had one and answer from the crew was like that. " Excuse me do you have a pen by any chance?" . "NO! I dont! asked them" pointing out to other crew members, -this is the best part- the female stewardess had clearly visibly a pen in her front shirt pocket! Sitting around and trying to kill time and no pen still. While busy with food and other stuff, i fell asleep. Then after a while when going to the restroom i asked the male steward if he would have a pen please, he pointed out they dont have any pens. ( please note he marked on his check board, who is getting which meal on the first class)" Cons: "Some of the flight attendants were rude and not very welcoming at all." Pros: "The staff is very friendly. Most pleasant airline I've flown with." Pros: "Very friendly, helpful and communicative crew." Cons: "Only complaint: the touch screen on the seat back was oddly unresponsive and this made it a bit difficult to interface with the various in-flight entertainment options; the streaming music in particular." Pros: "Great crew. I love Lufthansa. I just wish there was more room for my legs." Cons: "More leg room!" Pros: "They give you food in this airlines. Crew was nice always serving drinks." Pros: "crew wasn't friendly, seats are very narrow and uncomfortable" Cons: "FOOD WAS DISGUSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Pros: "One of the best flights (airline) I have ever flown. GREAT crew that were kind, pleasant and helpful. ZERO attitude. I def will fly with them again in the future." Cons: "The Soviet Union wants its airline back. This was perhaps the RUDEST airline experience I've ever experienced. I was at Frankfurt (FRA) airport waiting to board Air Moldova Flight 864 to Chisinau (KIV). Due to a delay caused by Frankfurt security (and no fault of my own), I was delayed in reaching the gate. Since it was past my boarding time, I grabbed my bags from the conveyor belt once past security without having time to repack. I arrived at the gate and the extremely rude Air Moldova gate agent on duty yelled at me and demanded that I give her my boarding pass. When I told her I needed to pack, she yelled that there was “no time for that”. When I searched for my pass, she again yelled and said “NOW!”. When I told her that it was not my fault that I arrived late since there was a delay at security, she said “Not my problem!”. After she checked my boarding pass, I tried to repack and she again yelled “There is no time. Go to the bus NOW!” I once again told her that it was not my fault I got delayed and she again yelled “NOT MY PROBLEM”. In addition to rude employees, the airline is clearly in violation of safety regulations. The safety card in the back seat pocket was written in ARMENIAN – and Armenian only, thanks to the plane having been leased and Air Moldova not appropriately changing the safety cards. How did they expect people who read Romanian or Russian (the local languages) or English to understand it! On top of that, the plane was easily 20 years old or more and dirty. If they can't even keep a plane clean or have the appropriate safety cards, what else are they not maintaining. Do not fly this terrible airline!" Pros: "The flight was smooth and the flight attendants were very polite and helpful. It was a great experience" Cons: "The bathroom was a bit smelly" Pros: "Crew was pleasant." Cons: "Premium economy upgrade not worth the price! Wheelchair service ordered but NOT provided In Frankfort!" Pros: "It could be better, the flight attendance one of them was overwhelmed and I could feel her attitude, although she made an accidental movement on my foot she never apologized. And her eye contact was very aggressive as if she would use words. I tried to save the moment, and avoided all further interactions. Not even to look at her, or accept even a single glass of water. She did past through my area and again she was stocked with her cart, and she thought is was my foot again. When she realized that this time was not my foot, (which in the first time it was and she kicked my knee with the speed of her movement and I was not aware to save the moment) nevertheless, the second time and for the rest of my trip I was so careful that it did not happen again. But it happened one more time, but not with my foot. although she thought it was me. She looked at me again with a very bitter-eye but when she realized that the problem was not me she looked at another way acting as if she didnot understand what was going through her mind or my mind." Cons: "The attidute is what I try not to get involved. I am on the air, traveling, and I don't like to experience any negative feelings from no one. I am consciously aware not to give any reasons for any form of unacceptable behaviors either with or without evidence. I WILL NOT EVER AGAIN, travel with LUFTHANSA just because of the way they treated me in my case which I travel always with my emotional pet, and this time they gave me a hardship and I had to travel without Logan. and additionally to this, I had to accept that flight attendance wordless aggressive behavior. Which in my opinion, I believe she could say I am sorry, and not looking at me as her worse enemy. Madness. She honestly needs a psychological evaluation." Pros: "Had a very comfortable journey. Nice and friendly crew. Amenities at Frankfurt were excellent." JetBlue8.1 SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from New York to London Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to London found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/29Fri 1 stopJetBlue 11h 15mJFK-LHR $95 Search 1/24Wed nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 6h 50mJFK-LGW $128 Search 1/28Sun nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 6h 50mJFK-LGW $131 Search 1/22Mon nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 6h 50mJFK-LGW $132 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopAer Lingus 12h 20mJFK-LHR $392 Search 12/27Wed nonstopBritish Airways 6h 45mJFK-LHR $393 Search 4/10Wed 1 stopVirgin Atlantic 9h 35mJFK-LCY $400 Search 3/31Sun 1 stopVirgin Atlantic 13h 05mJFK-LHR $400 Search 4/1Mon 1 stopDelta 10h 55mJFK-LCY $411 Search 4/14Sun 1 stopAer Lingus 10h 35mJFK-LCY $424 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineJetBlueNorse Atlantic UKAer LingusBritish AirwaysVirgin AtlanticDelta Search by price$130 or less$130 or less$390 or less$400 or less$420 or less Last minute flights from John F Kennedy Intl to London Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to London that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 11h 40mJFK-LHR 12/11Mon multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 16h 35mLHR-JFK $441 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 11h 40mJFK-LHR 12/4Mon multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 16h 35mLHR-JFK $442 Search 12/5Tue nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 6h 50mJFK-LGW 1/25Thu nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 8h 15mLGW-JFK $522 Search 12/5Tue nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 6h 50mJFK-LGW 12/12Tue nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 8h 15mLGW-JFK $523 Search 12/2Sat nonstopVirgin Atlantic 6h 50mJFK-LHR 12/3Sun multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 12h 00mLHR-JFK $615 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 45mJFK-LHR 2/1Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 13h 35mLHR-JFK $616 Search 12/2Sat nonstopVirgin Atlantic 6h 50mJFK-LHR 12/3Sun multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 11h 40mLHR-JFK $618 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 7h 00mJFK-LHR 1/23Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 12h 30mLHR-JFK $623 Search 12/2Sat nonstopBritish Airways 6h 45mJFK-LHR 12/6Wed nonstopBritish Airways 8h 15mLHR-JFK $652 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 17h 20mJFK-LGW 12/12Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 12h 55mLGW-JFK $652 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineScandinavian AirlinesNorse Atlantic UKVirgin AtlanticAmerican AirlinesBritish Airways Search by price$440 or less$520 or less$620 or less$620 or less$650 or less New York John F Kennedy Airport - London Flights Departure: New York John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)United States Return flight deals: London - New York John F Kennedy Airport Cabin classes: $1,639 First Class flights to London $2,043 Business Class flights to London $804 Prem Econ Class flights to London $280 Economy Class flights to London Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York John F Kennedy Airport $347Flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » United Kingdom » England » London $465Flights to London City Airport, London $401Flights to London Gatwick Airport, London $347Flights to London Heathrow Airport, London $427Flights to London Luton Airport, London $567Flights to London Southend Airport, London $421Flights to London Stansted Airport, London View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search London flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to London from New York John F Kennedy Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to London from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.