Cheap Flights from Dallas Fort Worth to Denver from $29 | (DFW - DEN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW DFW - DEN Find cheap flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/14. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Denver These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Denver. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Denver. How much is the cheapest flight from Dallas to Denver?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dallas to Denver that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:18 pm - 11:38 pmDFW-DEN 2h 20mnonstop 6:00 am - 9:13 amDEN-DFW 2h 13mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Sat, Feb 3 - Tue, Feb 6 10:18 pm - 11:38 pmDFW-DEN 2h 20mnonstop 6:00 am - 9:13 amDEN-DFW 2h 13mnonstop $48Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Mon, Jan 22 11:30 pm - 12:44 amDFW-DEN 2h 14mnonstop 6:00 am - 9:13 amDEN-DFW 2h 13mnonstop $49Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Jan 18 11:30 pm - 12:44 amDFW-DEN 2h 14mnonstop 4:11 pm - 7:20 pmDEN-DFW 2h 09mnonstop $55Frontier Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Tue, Jan 16 10:18 pm - 11:38 pmDFW-DEN 2h 20mnonstop 6:00 am - 9:13 amDEN-DFW 2h 13mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sun, Jan 21 6:37 am - 2:29 pmDFW-DEN 8h 52m1 stop 10:53 am - 1:58 pmDEN-DFW 2h 05mnonstop $72 Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sat, Jan 13 5:20 pm - 9:58 pmDFW-DEN 5h 38m1 stop 10:53 am - 1:58 pmDEN-DFW 2h 05mnonstop $75 Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Wed, Jan 10 5:20 pm - 9:58 pmDFW-DEN 5h 38m1 stop 10:48 pm - 10:01 amDEN-DFW 10h 13m1 stop $99Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Mon, Jan 8 5:10 am - 2:29 pmDFW-DEN 10h 19m1 stop 10:51 pm - 11:03 amDEN-DFW 11h 12m1 stop $145Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 20 2:30 pm - 7:14 pmDFW-DEN 5h 44m1 stop 5:40 am - 12:10 pmDEN-DFW 5h 30m1 stop $177Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sun, Jan 28 Show more results Flights from Dallas to Denver - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dallas to Denver to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver is January, where tickets cost $121 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is $216 and $200 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver were found on Frontier ($38) and Spirit Airlines ($99). Frontier proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $29. Which airlines fly most frequently between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Denver? American Airlines connects Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver with up to 4 flights per day. United Airlines also offers 4 flights per day, while Frontier follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Denver? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver. They are: American Airlines, Frontier and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $40 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Denver per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 13 nonstop flights that take off from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and land in Denver, with an average flight time of 2h 12m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 75 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Denver? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver take? A direct flight to Denver will take on average 2h 13m to travel the 641 miles flying distance from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport at 5:45 am and will be landing in Denver at 7:05 am. What’s the latest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver jets off at 11:31 pm and lands at 12:44 am. Good to know Low season April High season July Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 20% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 15% increase in price. Flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver When to book flights from Dallas to Denver Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dallas to Denver based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver flights Can I breastfeed my baby at Dallas/Fort Worth (DFW)? Yes, mothers who need to breastfeed their babies can use the dedicated nursing mother's room at DFW. This comfortable and private space is located across from Gate B40, near the candy shop. To use this space, simply contact the airport staff to be provided with the access code. What is the easiest way of traveling to Dallas/Fort Worth (DFW)? The Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART) rail service is the most convenient way to get to Fort Worth. With no traffic congestion to navigate, you're not likely to miss your flights to Denver. Additionally, making the same journey by train emits up to 30 times less carbon dioxide than when done by car, making it a more environmentally friendly option. Can I rent a car at Denver International Airport (DEN)? Yes, Denver International Airport (DEN) offers numerous car rental options. There are 10 major rental car companies at DEN that serve Colorado travelers, and all are located on the airport property. The car hire service counters can be found in Jeppesen Terminal on the fifth level, and a complimentary shuttle service is available between the terminal and car rental agencies. Does DEN provide support for travelers with disabilities? If you need special assistance, you can find ADA-accessible features throughout the airport, especially in heavily trafficked areas or near escalators. Ground transportation offers curbside pick-up services to those with disabilities on Level 5 of the west side entrance of Jeppesen Terminal. You can fill out the respective special services form with your airline for the disability services you need. Are there pet relief areas at Denver International Airport (DEN)? DEN has installed private pet relief rooms inside the center cores of A, B, and C gates and post-security. Then DEN's indoor pet relief rooms provide comfortable and welcoming areas to accommodate furry friends after flights. Additionally, there is an outdoor pet relief station on the west side of Jeppesen Terminal. How do I get around Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW) easily? DFW offers a transit system that makes it easy to navigate the airport. The Automated Guideway Transit System connects Jeppesen Terminal and all three concourses for a quick ride to various points. Follow the signs that direct towards the train stations from where to ride the train. How do I get to Dallas Fort Worth Airport? The Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART) rail service connects downtown Dallas to the airport along the Orange line. Once you arrive at the DFW Airport station, follow the signs to Terminal A or ride the Terminal Link shuttle to the other terminals. The Trinity Railway Express is a light rail service that connects Dallas Union Station to DFW Airport in about 35 minutes. Where is the closest hotel to Denver Airport? The Westin Denver International Hotel is located a short walk from the Jeppesen Terminal of the airport. Facilities include meeting rooms, a fitness center, a restaurant, and lounge. There are also more than 15 other hotels located within 10 miles of Denver Airport, many of which offer direct shuttle buses from the arrivals terminal. I’m traveling with a baby. Where can I find nursing rooms on departure and arrival? Before you depart from Dallas, nursing rooms can be found in Terminals A, B, and E so traveling parents can feed and change babies in comfort and privacy. On arrival, Denver Airport has three nursing rooms equipped with comfortable seats, power outlets, and a sink. Are there pet relief areas in Denver and Dallas? To ensure four-footed companions travel in comfort, designated pet relief areas can be found in Terminals A, B, D, and E inside Dallas airport. There are also outdoor areas for pets before the security screening areas. Four indoor pet relief rooms can be found at Denver airport and are equipped with artificial turf flooring and disposal bags. Do I need a passport to fly between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Denver? A passport is not required to fly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver flight route: American Airlines, Delta, Alaska Airlines, Japan Airlines, Horizon Air, and JetBlue. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver? The Boeing 737-800 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Denver, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver? There are nonstop flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Dallas to Denver, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Dallas to Denver are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $271 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $258 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Denver from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Denver with an airline and back to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and DEN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Denver from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from DFW to Denver Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $67 or less one-way and $92 or less round-trip. When traveling from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW) to Denver, you'll fly into Denver International Airport (DEN) or Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport (BJC). Both serve a number of domestic and international airlines. Depending on your urgency and other factors, DEN has more direct flights than the BJC. It's wise to consider sustainable practices when choosing air travel options. Frontier, United Airlines, and Southwest Airlines are known to adhere to using renewable sources of energy. By booking these airlines, you end up reducing the 1,613 lb of CO₂ emission per person associated with this flight route. For families traveling from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver, American Airlines is widely respected for its family-friendly service. Their flights feature generous legroom, inflight entertainment, snack bars, and comfortable seating. In addition, there is a dedicated children's menu for those traveling with kids. Flights from Dallas to Denver normally depart from Dallas Fort Worth or Dallas Love Field Airport in Texas. Direct flights from Dallas to Denver can be booked via a number of airlines including Spirit, United, Southwest, Frontier, and American Airlines. The Dallas Fort Worth Airport has over 30 pieces of art on display throughout the terminals. Commissioned paintings, sculptures, and terrazzo floors by local and international artists inspire travelers walking around the terminals. Visitors can also visit the outdoor sculpture garden or register for an art tour. If you want something to eat before you depart from Dallas, there are more than 50 restaurants and outlets offering a wide variety of international cuisine, local favorites, and healthy options. Passengers can also pre- order food from participating restaurants via the Grab DFW app, and will be notified when it is ready to be picked up before their flights. Have some extra time before traveling from Texas to Colorado? Gameway entertainment lounges offer a place for passengers to play Xbox One games with noise-canceling headphones. Travelers can also treat themselves to a manicure, pedicure, or relaxing massage at a number of spa outlets around the terminal. Hair salon services are also available for men and women wanting a quick trim or blow dry. You can also get your shoes shined before you embark. If you want to stay active before your flight from Dallas, take a stroll along the DFW Walking Path between Gates D6 and D40. Endorsed by the American Heart Association, this walk connects the 12 intricate floor medallions along the concourse. If you’re looking for a space to stretch and meditate, there are also two yoga studios at Dallas Airport. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Dallas/Fort Worth to Denver Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth to Denver Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Dallas/Fort Worth to Denver Intl Search Flights Monday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +9 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +9 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Thursday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Friday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +9 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Saturday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Denver Intl to Dallas/Fort Worth Search Flights Monday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +9 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +9 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Thursday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Friday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +9 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Saturday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Air Canada, American Airlines, Avianca, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Dallas to Denver See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Dallas to Denver. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dallas to Denver? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 85overall 85boarding 82comfort 79food 88crew 78entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Aircraft was clean and comfortable. Crew was efficient and friendly. The whole experience was excellent!" Cons: "There was lots of entertainment available but plain old music was not an option. What if I don't want to watch a movie or TV, just listen to music!"Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "Aircraft was clean and comfortable. Crew was efficient and friendly. The whole experience was excellent!" Cons: "There was lots of entertainment available but plain old music was not an option. What if I don't want to watch a movie or TV, just listen to music!" Pros: "The staff was very friendly and they compt me a drink because I had to switch seats." Cons: "I had to sit next to the smelly bathroom." Pros: "Always great service on the flight." Cons: "Had to wait for >30 mins at DFW Alaska ticket counter since there was no agent at the gate to drop off bags already ticketed. Had to call airport central control to have an agent paged. Sign on counter said open at 10am and when spoke to Alaska agent Andy P. He said sign was wrong though there was already a line of customers and just walked away. It was only after a 2nd overhead page for an agent that 2 ladies appeared. Luckily, I wasn't in a hurry and may have missed my flight." Pros: "The flight attendants were friendly and professional and took time for a little personal conversation." Pros: "I love the free entertainment and texting. That is a big plus on a long flight." Cons: "The airline staff talked non stop in the galley. It was a 6:30sm flight and everyone trying to sleep. One young blonde steward talked non stop for two hours. Had to put ear plugs in and still heard her. Just never experienced anything like it" Pros: "Newer plane Early takeoff and arrival Smooth flight and good food for purchase" Pros: "Management as well as staff nice...First trip with Alaska and made my trip nice .. Got a good deal price too." Cons: "Nothing." Cons: "i wish Alaska would fly straight to Denver from Montana. I fly from Montana to Denver a lot and it ends up being a whole day of travel instead of a couple hour flight." Pros: "It was a short flight. The overhead bins weren't overloaded." Cons: "Boarding was a hassle. The flight was too crowded. The food was non-existent.. Seats were uncomfortable." Pros: "Delta is doing a great job keeping everything calm and clean during this pandemic!" Cons: "Wouldn’t change a thing! I don’t always fly! But when I do!! I fly delta!!" Pros: "The staff at Delta are always friendly and helpful and they were able to squeeze me onto a very full flight." Cons: "My flight was delayed almost 3 hours. Not good. Once in the air it was fine." Pros: "The crew was great and the service was quick and very nice." Cons: "It sounds weird but I didn’t know which window was mine so I had one shut and the one in front of me shut during the flight." Cons: "We were already very delayed, the flight crew was not nice" Pros: "great crew!" Cons: "luggage. what a nightmare. I waited 30min for my luggage (after a delayed flight) only to be told by a fellow PASSENGER that some of our luggage was directed to a FRONTIER CAROUSEL. I then had to wait by that carousel till I found it. so much for "bags in 20min guaranteed"" Pros: "The crew on the airplane was great. We had 2.5 hours turbulences but the crew started to give out drinks as soon they got the ok from the pilot" Cons: "We went in LGA to the Baggage drop off and the employee there was super rude. On the flight to New York with Delta we had to check our carry ons at the gate because it wasn't enough room for bags in the airplane.so we asked when we checked our one suitcase if we can/should check our carry ons to avoid having to do it at the gate. The delta employee told me sure no problem. He checks in my one suitcase I purchased gives me the tracking paper and says ok have a good flight. I asked him so what is with our carry ons and he told us that that would cost 25$ and we can't check those in at the drop off?!?We ended up taking the carry ons with to the gate and then off course there wasn't enough room on the airplane that we had to check it in. And surprise it was free?? We had never issues with Lufthansa, icelandair etc. with checking our bags at drop off to not needing to carry it around and than still end up to check it at the airplane. Every airline has been more than happy that we volunteer to check our bags that they don't have the trouble at the gate." Pros: "We boarded close to on time, no hassles. Allowed my husband and me (retired military) to board early, thank you." Cons: "LAX security is awful. We never left the airport (arrived LAX from Sydney AU) yet were forced thru security again. Had to remove shoes, was scanned and "frisked" by TSA to get to Denver. To go to Australia, Denver TSA waived the removal of shoes, skipped the scan for the metal detector and no one touched me, ditto for LAX on the trip to Sydney. Where's the uniformity or standards for TSA?? Why did I have to be subjected to this garbage on the way home?? This is why I despise flying. It makes no sense to me. This ruined what was a great vacation." Pros: "The comfort the professionalism of the staff everywhere I went" Cons: "Little pricey on rental and hotel." Pros: "Everything was well executed; friendly staff, clean plane, good entertainment options" Pros: "Check in was easy and quick" Cons: "Plane could have been cleaner. Price is ok, but not as good as it seems once you add luggage." Pros: "Crew was great!" Cons: "I didn’t realize I had to pay for a carry on" Pros: "The crew was absolutely wonderful And seat was the most comfortable ever" Cons: "Hidden cost. Late flight. Had to take bus to the plane" Pros: "Being able to set with my Wife" Cons: "Had to upgrade to first class to set with my wife. Seats were not assigned when we booked the flight." Pros: "I liked the crew and the fact that I could reserve a seat. I also like that they use terminal A in the DEN airport and terminal 2 at MSP." Cons: "The legroom was none existent, my seat was hard as rock, and it did not recline. Also, aisle seats have smaller under seat space than the other seats." Cons: "Flight Attendant skipped our row when offering drinks. No wifi, no entertainment, no snacks. Paid $25 to check one small bag." Pros: "Timely check in, friendly customer service, good crew, no issues." Cons: "They board by row number, but start with first rows first. Makes for slower boarding (though faster than most airlines)." Cons: "Plane was 1.5 - 2 hours late and passengers were offered no explanation and there were no apologies from the crew. Even if it was unavoidable (weather, etc.), SOMETHING should be said to passengers. Very poor customer service." Flight was late because our pilots were late. Also the air vents above our seat didn't work. The plane was SO hot and we waiting 30 min for one passenger to get on. Sweating. Then the plane never cooled off because it got SO hot waiting. Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Not allowed unleashed dogs to take my seat or be in my flight" Pros: "Overhead bins were newly done with plenty of space since carryon can be placed vertical on side. Decide holder built into the seat was very nice." Pros: "Jesus, the flight was phenomenal! He lightened up the atmosphere with his wit and grace." Cons: "My bags were not checked all the way to my destination, I had to get them re-tagged and checked for this part of the trip and the American Agent was EXTREMELY rude and made us pay oversized bagge fees even though our baggage was within the Qantas allowance, the main carrier for our flight." Cons: "I expect better service from American Airlines, total disappointment. Given incorrect information by 2 gate agents concerning connecting flight delays." Pros: "Wi-Fi was great. Watched two movies. Flight was on time and painless" Cons: "Only complimentary snack was pretzels and only a cup of water." Pros: "Easy and quick boarding. Excellwnt service in first class. Comfortable ride." Cons: "Nothing. Excellent travel experience." Cons: "the drink service came through pretty late in the flight. i asked for hot tea. a few minutes later i was provided with extremely hot tea. about 10 minutes later it was a temperature i could tolerate drinking. about 1/3 through the drink i was required to throw away my drink because we were preparing for landing. i understand that, fine. bad timing. it’s just a drink. what was unsatisfactory is that the attendant rudely commented “you have to give us your drink. it’s not that long of a flight.” the comment made me feel like i had done something wrong even though i had just been drinking my tea as soon as it was at a drinkable temperature. i was not impressed with the attendant. also, there weren’t any biscotti cookies." Pros: "I liked the ticket price." Cons: "The seat was very narrow with absolutely minimal leg space, and a carry-on bag was not included in the fare." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "When I tried too cancel the flight. No body answered or responded too my emails. So I had too loose the 500 I spent on the flight even though I paid for the protection! I wasn’t even on the flight!" Cons: "The flight was three hours late!!!!!!! I had to get on and get off the plane with all my stuff. This has financial implications on the ground later that evening in Uber Cost and I had to pay for the additional day for my car because I was not able to pick it up at the originally scheduled time. I contacted United and have not heard ANYTHING!!!!! Please help me get my money back!!!" Cons: "Over two hours delayed. Had to carry on carry off my bags that were heavy. Messed up my schedule. Had to incur extra charges at San Diego destination due to the inconvenience." Pros: "Almost everything was great!" Cons: "The internet service barely worked and I will be seeking a refund" Pros: "The flight was very affordable and turned out to be great. I love the new United Basic Economy seats." Cons: "I hate that we can't bring two carry-on bags, but we were able to get everything into one. Our trip was short so we did not need much." Cons: "The fact that I wasn't able to sit with my travel partner" Cons: "My daughter's flight was delayed in DALLAS & in DENVER!!! We are never flying UNITED AIRLINES again!!!! Can they ever do anything right!!!! SMH" Pros: "Nice staff and comfort." Cons: "I didn't like that when I got on and off my flights. When I asked for help because I am deaf and mute no one would escort me to the planes cabin or the right gate. Had to ask 3 different gates which way do I go because I cant hear and I was upset because I thought I wouldn't make my flight. My wife made sure that they put on my information in the system that they would help me, but I guess it doesn't work like that. In future I will make different arrangement so that I can get the help I need." Pros: "Iam 53 not i to electronics much and to have no movue or music on the second longer flight is assinine most of the people o.n brd didnt have anything to do for the price i might as well just flown spirt and saved money" Cons: "By removi g all inflyte movie and no hot food and no music your getting like Spirit. But cost alot more maby i need to go to them and just bring some food iam not electronics guy and most around me werent but a AM flight over 2 hrs should serve bot foid as well as a movie or at least have music to listen to" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Dallas to Denver Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Dallas to Denver found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/14Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 14mDFW-DEN $29 Search 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 13mDFW-DEN $34 Search 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 13mDFW-DEN $39 Search 12/20Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 12h 54mDFW-DEN $40 Search 1/3Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 13h 51mDFW-DEN $51 Search 12/25Mon 1 stopDelta 7h 18mDFW-DEN $89 Search 12/11Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 09mDFW-DEN $132 Search 12/6Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 06mDFW-DEN $139 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopDelta 7h 28mDFW-DEN $146 Search 1/6Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 14h 35mDFW-DEN $232 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$30 or less$40 or less$90 or less$140 or less$230 or less Last minute flights from Dallas to Denver Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Dallas to Denver that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 17mDFW-DEN 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 58mDEN-DFW $78 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 17mDFW-DEN 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 02mDEN-DFW $88 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 17mDFW-DEN 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 01mDEN-DFW $90 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 2h 17mDFW-DEN 12/6Wed multi-stop 13h 06mDEN-DFW $91 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 17mDFW-DEN 12/12Tue multi-stopFrontier 9h 49mDEN-DFW $108 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 17mDFW-DEN 12/9Sat multi-stopFrontier 22h 29mDEN-DFW $110 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 7h 13mDFW-DEN 12/7Thu nonstop 1h 58mDEN-DFW $133 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 04mDFW-DEN 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 06mDEN-DFW $158 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 19h 50mDFW-DEN 12/11Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 32mDEN-DFW $197 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 19h 50mDFW-DEN 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 06mDEN-DFW $227 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit Airlines Search by price$90 or less$90 or less$110 or less$160 or less$230 or less Dallas/Fort Worth Airport - Denver Flights Departure: Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW)United States Destination: Denver (DEN)United States Return flight deals: Denver - Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Cabin classes: $378 First Class flights to Denver $413 Business Class flights to Denver $678 Prem Econ Class flights to Denver $38 Economy Class flights to Denver Browse origins: Flights » United States » Texas » Dallas » Dallas/Fort Worth Airport $71Flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Denver Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Colorado » Denver $71Flights to Denver, Denver Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Houston Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Burbank Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Denver flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Denver from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Denver from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.