Cheap Flights from Newark Airport to Miami from $29 | (EWR - MIA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW EWR - MIA Find cheap flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/24. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Miami These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Miami. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Miami. How much is the cheapest flight from Newark to Miami?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Newark to Miami that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 1:43 pm - 4:57 pmEWR-MIA 3h 14mnonstop 11:25 am - 2:32 pmMIA-EWR 3h 07mnonstop $55Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 1:43 pm - 4:57 pmEWR-MIA 3h 14mnonstop 11:25 am - 2:32 pmMIA-EWR 3h 07mnonstop $59Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Feb 3 - Tue, Feb 6 1:43 pm - 4:57 pmEWR-MIA 3h 14mnonstop 6:18 pm - 9:28 pmMIA-EWR 3h 10mnonstop $60Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Sat, Jan 27 6:00 am - 9:10 amEWR-MIA 3h 10mnonstop 3:17 pm - 6:20 pmMIA-EWR 3h 03mnonstop $165JetBlue Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Fri, Dec 22 6:00 am - 9:10 amEWR-MIA 3h 10mnonstop 3:12 pm - 6:15 pmMIA-EWR 3h 03mnonstop $172JetBlue Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Sat, Dec 16 5:35 am - 11:17 amEWR-MIA 5h 42m1 stop 6:45 pm - 9:47 pmMIA-EWR 3h 02mnonstop $193American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sat, Dec 16 6:24 pm - 12:49 amEWR-MIA 6h 25m1 stop 6:56 am - 5:35 pmMIA-EWR 10h 39m1 stop $199Delta Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Thu, Dec 14 6:39 pm - 9:50 pmEWR-MIA 3h 11mnonstop 8:30 am - 11:36 amMIA-EWR 3h 06mnonstop $200American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Apr 13 - Sat, Apr 20 6:00 am - 9:17 amEWR-MIA 3h 17mnonstop 7:15 am - 2:11 pmMIA-EWR 6h 56m1 stop $207United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Mar 14 - Tue, Mar 19 3:59 pm - 9:35 pmEWR-MIA 5h 36m1 stop 4:43 pm - 10:58 pmMIA-EWR 6h 15m1 stop $208Delta Find Deal Wed, Mar 13 - Tue, Mar 19 Show more results Flights from Newark to Miami - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Newark to Miami to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? The average price of all flights from Newark Airport to Miami clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Miami on a Tuesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Friday is the most expensive day to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Wednesday and avoiding Mondays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Newark Airport to Miami? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Newark Airport to Miami is September, where tickets cost $168 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and April, where the average cost of tickets is $326 and $295 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Newark Airport to Miami? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Newark Airport to Miami, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami found on KAYAK was with Spirit Airlines for $29. Spirit Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $55 and JetBlue from $165. Which airlines fly most frequently between Newark Liberty Airport and Miami? United Airlines connects Newark Liberty Airport to Miami up to 8 flights per day, followed by Spirit Airlines (2 flights per day), and American Airlines (one flight per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Newark Airport and Miami? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Newark Airport to Miami. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Newark Airport to Miami. They are: American Airlines, JetBlue, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $64 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Newark Airport and Miami per day? Each day, there are between 5 and 18 nonstop flights that take off from Newark Airport and land in Miami, with an average flight time of 3h 13m. The most common departure time is 2:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 90 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Newark Airport and Miami? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami take? Direct flights cover the 1,087 miles separating Newark Liberty Airport to Miami in about 2h 58m. What’s the earliest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Newark Airport at 5:08 am and will be landing in Miami at 8:23 am. What’s the latest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Newark Airport to Miami jets off at 8:22 pm and lands at 11:36 pm. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 32% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 7% increase in price. Flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami When to book flights from Newark to Miami Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Newark to Miami based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Newark Liberty Airport to Miami flights Are there hotels at or near Miami International Airport (MIA)? Are you exhausted after your late-night flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? Experience an impeccable mix of absolute style and comfort at the Miami International Airport Hotel, located conveniently at the heart of MIA airport at Concourse E in the Central Terminal. You may also book a stay at Comfort Suites Miami Airport North near the airport for uninterrupted relaxation in their spacious suites. Does Miami International Airport (MIA) offer any accessible services? MIA is committed to offering unparalleled comfort and inclusivity for all passengers landing at the airport. In addition to wheelchair-accessible restrooms, the airport offers designated disabled parking conveniently located on level three of the garages. Passengers with different abilities may enjoy a quiet and relaxed atmosphere in the Multi-Sensory room beyond Concourse D checkpoints. There are also Accessible Transit Pick-up Doors to help passengers in coordinating drop-off and pick-up locations. Is MIA pet-friendly? MIA airport is a remarkably pet-friendly airport. The airport has several pet relief stations with sinks and synthetic grass, located past security in Concourse F, J, D, and G. Furthermore, outdoor areas can be found in concourse J, E, and D at the arrival level. Nevertheless, your furry companion should remain in its cage unless when passing security checkpoints or going to the relief areas. Where can I park at Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR)? Choose long-term parking at Newark Liberty Airport if you're traveling to Miami for a while. The off-site Economy Lot P6 is just a few miles from the airport terminals and is less expensive compared to on-site parking. Do not fret about accessing the airport, as airport shuttles run between the lot and terminals every 10 minutes. What restaurants are there in Newark Liberty International Airport? Currito Cantina is a casual restaurant that is located in Concourse A of Newark Liberty International Airport and offers Mexican-inspired meals, while Java Moon Express is located in the A3 rotunda and sells to-go sandwiches and salads. Villa Pizza can be found in the A2 rotunda and is known for their Italian cuisine. Does Newark Liberty International Airport have a beauty salon? To look your best during your day of traveling, try spoiling yourself with a beauty treatment at the Departure Spa, which can be found near Gate 110 of Newark Liberty International Airport. This spa offers many different services, including pedicures, manicures, massages, facials, and waxing. Express services are available for those that are short on time, and prices start at $25. Is there somewhere I can shower at Miami International Airport? If you would like to take a shower after your flight has landed at Miami International Airport, purchase an entry ticket to either the Club America or Admirals Club lounge. Each of these private lounges has shower facilities and they also provide travelers with complimentary towels and toiletries. Can I use public transportation to go from Miami International Airport to the city’s downtown? To travel from Miami International Airport to downtown, take the Miami Beach Bus. This local bus has a stop directly outside of the Arrivals terminal, and it will take you to Miami Beach in approximately 30m. One-way tickets cost $2.65. Do I need a passport to fly between Newark Liberty Airport and Miami? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airports will I be using when flying from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? Newark Liberty Airport and Miami are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Newark Liberty Airport from Newark and will be arriving at Miami. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Newark Liberty Airport to Miami flight route: JetBlue, American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Delta, Qatar Airways, and Aeromexico. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? The Boeing 737-800 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Newark Liberty Airport to Miami flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Newark Liberty Airport and Miami, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? There are nonstop flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Newark to Miami, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Newark to Miami are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $292 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $253 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Miami from Newark Liberty Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Miami with an airline and back to Newark Liberty Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Newark Liberty Airport and MIA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Miami from Newark Liberty Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from EWR to Miami Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $114 or less one-way and $177 or less round-trip. The majority of flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Miami have no layovers. Roughly 869 kg of carbon is produced per person on this route. Choose Amtrak, United Airlines, and American Airlines if you want to fly sustainably. Amtrak releases 80% less carbon, while United Airlines and American Airlines release 33% less carbon. Stay on top of your business projects and emails at the business service centers available at each terminal of Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR). In addition to individual workstations, these centers feature internet access plus fax and copy machines. Newark Liberty Airport is a hub for over 30 airlines and is a major international gateway to the United States. The airport has three standalone terminals, A, B, and C. Passengers may ride the airport’s shuttle buses or the AirTrain between the terminals since they are not directly connected via walkways or bridges. Don’t forget to look around MIA Galleries once your plane touches down to get a taste of Miami’s culture and art. The art program in MIA seeks to enhance travelers’ experience by distracting them from modern-air travel stresses while entertaining and educating them. The airport’s North Terminal hosts The Eye Travel Gallery, while the South Terminal hosts The Hall of Aviation. You can get to EWR from New York City Center via The Newark Express bus that travels directly from New York City center to Level 1 of Terminal A of EWR. You may also You may also take the AirTrain or an NJ Transit train to your terminal. When looking for nonstop flights from Newark to Miami, there are several companies that you can choose from. While United Airlines is known for offering very affordable tickets, Delta and American Airlines will provide travelers with complimentary snacks and additional legroom. If you are a member of the armed forces or are a veteran, make sure to head over to the USO Center in Terminal B of Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR). Including board games, televisions, free snacks, and a lending library, this lounge is a convenient place to kill the time before your flight from Newark to Miami begins boarding. To engage in private prayer or meditation, go to the interfaith chapel that is located in Terminal C of Newark Liberty International Airport. Open during standard airport hours, this chapel can be accessed by travelers of all faiths and provides religious texts that can be used for private reflection. For travelers that need to print out important documents or send a quick fax once their flight has landed, stop by the Business Center that is located between Concourses H and J of Miami International Airport (MIA). This center offers computer rentals, printing services, high-speed Wi-Fi, and even has workstations. If you are traveling with kids, don’t forget to bring them to the kids’ play zone in Concourse E of Miami International Airport. Created by the Miami Children’s Museum, this play center has a variety of interactive and educational games, including a simulated hot air balloon ride as well as a separate area for toddlers. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Newark to Miami? Find which airlines fly direct from Newark to Miami, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Newark to Miami Search Flights Monday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Friday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Miami to Newark Search Flights Monday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Tuesday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Friday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Air Canada, American Airlines, Austrian Airlines, +10 more Air Canada, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Newark to Miami See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Newark to Miami. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Newark to Miami? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19619 reviews 83boarding 79entertainment 82comfort 86crew 78food 82overall Airline reviews The flight itself was fine.. the customer service was amonst the worst I’ve seen. When booking my flight, I selected my window seat as I always do because when I’m flying alone so I can rest against it without worrying about falling asleep on anyone.. Then when it came time to check in, there was no record of my seat selection and the only window that was left cost me an extra $74. I called and they said there was a glitch when I booked the first time and there was nothing they could do about it.. Meanwhile the only reason I was flying JetBlue was because I had a $50 credit from the last awful flight we had that was delayed for four hours… So it actually cost me more to use that credit. Never flying with them again.Read more about JetBlue The flight itself was fine.. the customer service was amonst the worst I’ve seen. When booking my flight, I selected my window seat as I always do because when I’m flying alone so I can rest against it without worrying about falling asleep on anyone.. Then when it came time to check in, there was no record of my seat selection and the only window that was left cost me an extra $74. I called and they said there was a glitch when I booked the first time and there was nothing they could do about it.. Meanwhile the only reason I was flying JetBlue was because I had a $50 credit from the last awful flight we had that was delayed for four hours… So it actually cost me more to use that credit. Never flying with them again. Pros: "The seats were great and the crew was also good." Cons: "The sound system at the seat I was assigned was not operational." Pros: "Snacks and new interior on A320" Cons: "Almost 4 hour delay and no Wi-Fi. When I complained to JetBlue I received a pathetic $15 credit." Pros: "Crew was amazing flight was fast and seats are comfy" Pros: "Jet blue has better leg space than many other domestic flights I have taken. It was very comfortable" Pros: "Crew was very polite and accommodating" Cons: "Flight was delayed 4 times. We had to cancel other reservations and wasted a day traveling instead of a quick 4 hr plane ride." Pros: "Loved the variety of food offered, amount of legroom" Cons: "Was awake, just completely skipped over by attendant for drinks" Pros: "Nothing! The flight was delayed until 10:34pm and still we did not board the plane at that time. Then when we finally board the plane a crew member Dan told me my luggage was to big which it was not, and when we landed in Puerto Rico I had to wait so long to get my luggage from the carousel." Pros: "The flight was great, the crew was also great. We landed a half hour early which was even better! JetBlue has always been my favorite airline." Cons: "Everything was good. The staff were amazing. The flight was pretty smooth." Pros: "Seat was comfortable, boarding was good" Cons: "WiFi didn’t work, my tv didn’t work either" Cons: "Nothing, really. Airlines unfortunately can’t make people patient or polite, & I can’t afford a private jet, so I’ll have to settle for an eye roll or twelve." Cons: "The food on the plain or snacks were to poor and not that tasty." Pros: "The poor cabin stewardess was working the whole time as it was a short flight." Cons: "This is a horrible route, they charge you more than flying to Europe and give you a one hour ride in a cramped plane where you can't even bring in a carry-on. The cost is insane but is one of the reasons Wall Street loves Delta as they are racking in the profits for very little service." Pros: "Comfort and service was great." Cons: "The severe delays was frustrating and not getting enough information about it." Pros: "Quickly boarded and took off as well. It was a really smooth flight!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Nothing worked. Charging station. Tv. They charge for everything. Customer service is poor. I get Way more for my money flying a budget airline!" Pros: "My first perfect Delta flight. No issues. No delays. Excellent customer service. What more could you ask for" Cons: "No problems" Cons: "When my flight with American Airlines cancelled, I felt so panicked because I needed to be in Florida on Saturday night. But thankfully, lady who works for American Airlines solved my problem on the phone in couple of minutes easily. After that, when we were boarding to the aircraft, there was a cabin attendant lady. She came to us and ask me and my mother if we can talk English.I answered her with yes we can, but she demands to talk with my mother. And English is not her native language, but it doesn't prove that she doesn't know it. She tried to ask questions to her like, "where were you today?" so we couldn't really understand the reason for her to ask those questions in the first place. So we couldn't really say anything. While we were talking about my mother's English, the all aircraft was watching us, and trying to figure out what was going on. After all, she made us to sit there and wait her to replace us with other passengers. We waited the whole aircraft to be seated, then she took us to another seat with my mother. I can understand that it is her job but I'm not sure, if it had to be that much discomfort. We got pretty upset about it and it affects our flight quality. Plus, while cabin crew serving beverages, they didn't really ask us anything. We needed to call them for our order. To be honest, I would never flight with Delta. It was a disappointment." Cons: "Our flight was changed/delayed because of smoke detector problems!! We lost a whole day on the trip and we are very upset" Cons: "Not the airline’s fault but we were delayed. That’s the only thing that could have been better" Pros: "Bunch of crooks gave me the wrong time. Missed my flight" Cons: "Getting correct to information" Cons: "Canceling flights with no notice and rescheduling made me lose a day" Cons: "The same flight leaving an hour and a half after ours left before ours. I don’t understand how exactly that works the gates were directly next to one another." Pros: "Crew was very attentive and pleasant." Cons: "Stop charging for carry on baggage for outside of Canada flights." Cons: "Best check in. Allowed earlier flight for a fee which turned out to be 30 minutes delayed but overall excellent check in and crew. Love porter" Pros: "The crew was very nice, and I love the complimentary craft beer!" Pros: "Snack options, flight attendants" Cons: "Flight was delayed only a few minutes before initial boarding. The inconsistent communication ‘tween screens, loud speaker, & sent to my phone lead me to wait on line to speak to the person at the gate for clarity-when my turn came he did not help me but some pushy other passenger despite my protest" Cons: "I was caught off guard to find out at time of check-in that I had to pay a substantial amount for carry-on when I had specifically asked for a carry-on not just a personal item when booking my reservation. I ended up paying more than saving where I could gone with another company.VERY DISAPPOINTED" Pros: "Very polite" Cons: "Nothing. This’s my first trip with Porter. Excellent in everything." Pros: "It was ok" Cons: "Stop charging for wifi. Jet blue has free wifi on domestic flight" Pros: "Crew and pilot were great." Cons: "The plane was absolutely PACKED during the peak of a global pandemic. Completely irresponsible to not have people spaced out by at least one seat." Cons: "Lady at the gate barely paid any attention to the line. I had to ask her whether or now I can proceed" Pros: "The crew onboard was fantastic. The food was pretty good as well" Cons: "Seat are extremely uncomfortable they are too small" Cons: "Nice crew. Nice flight. Wish there was a bit more legroom" Pros: "Comfortable seats and functional entertainment" Cons: "I placed my order for my meal and never got the meal. Crew was asleep and only served those that asked for their meals or stayed awake. Never got asked if I still wanted my meal or any other service during the flight." Pros: "Great service and on time flight. Got a good comfortable seat with nice leg room." Pros: "Comfort on board, entertainment system" Cons: "Older plane than on the way to Paris, did not like so much the food (except main course)" Cons: "Tecnical problems dellay no good american arlines i dont recomended" Pros: "Hostesses were great. And pilot landed safely" Cons: "Stayed too long on the jet way. No available gate" Pros: "Well I like the that I was allowed to pre board because I had a 1 year old with me." Cons: "My one year old was a lap baby. There was virtually no space between the front seat and mine. This made flying very uncomfortable for both me and my daughter." Cons: "Delayed by an hour and spent most of it taxiing." Cons: "Boarding was delayed due to crew unavailability. Entertainment did not work due to connectivity issued during flight. No cookies nor snacks were served vs outbound flight where they offered 3 snacks!" Pros: "Very organized" Cons: "No issues, I found value for the amount I paid for my flight" Pros: "Good plane, seats are OK even though do not recline that much" Cons: "Crew in the airport and in the plane not friendly, very long delay (3h) and not even a drink or something to eat whilst waiting, no excuse for 3h delay from crew when boarding/leaving ..." Pros: "United has done a lot to update and modernize their terminals. Easy access to food, charging outlets, comfortable seating, and an open atmosphere made my layover quite pleasant." Cons: "The flight was delayed for 3 hours, also the personal at Newark airport was a little bit harsh and not very helpful, I do not care about any compensation, nevertheless the personal has to treat better to the clients" Cons: "I have a carry on bag. & when I was boarding the bag was checked because there wasn’t enough overhead room. I was in back of plane & there was plenty of room. I think you should be more careful about space deciditions. I bought specific luggage so I would’ve to check it!!!" Cons: "Flight delay ,almost two hours. Have a chance to change to another flight with empty seats , not alowed" Cons: "I was in business class and was terrible The airplane too old , so expensive for that? Can’t believe it..." JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Porter Airlines7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Newark to Miami Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Newark to Miami found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/24Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 16mEWR-MIA $29 Search 1/24Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 16mEWR-MIA $30 Search 3/12Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 12mEWR-MIA $64 Search 12/9Sat nonstopJetBlue 3h 10mEWR-MIA $86 Search 12/14Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 15mEWR-MIA $87 Search 3/19Tue 1 stopDelta 6h 23mEWR-MIA $100 Search 2/1Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 11mEWR-MIA $109 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopDelta 5h 33mEWR-MIA $129 Search 12/19Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 58mEWR-MIA $134 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 59mEWR-MIA $139 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesJetBlueDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$90 or less$100 or less$130 or less$140 or less Last minute flights from Newark to Miami Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Newark to Miami that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 14mEWR-MIA 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 14mMIA-EWR $110 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 14mEWR-MIA 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 14mMIA-EWR $125 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 10mEWR-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopJetBlue 3h 04mMIA-EWR $172 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 7h 48mEWR-MIA 12/6Wed multi-stopDelta 7h 46mMIA-EWR $199 Search 12/3Sun nonstopJetBlue 3h 10mEWR-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopJetBlue 3h 04mMIA-EWR $220 Search 12/2Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 14mEWR-MIA 1/4Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 09mMIA-EWR $227 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 15mEWR-MIA 12/8Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 07mMIA-EWR $228 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 09mEWR-MIA 12/8Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 10mMIA-EWR $235 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 45mEWR-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 08mMIA-EWR $241 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 8h 18mEWR-MIA 12/6Wed multi-stopDelta 7h 46mMIA-EWR $243 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueDeltaUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$130 or less$200 or less$230 or less$240 or less$240 or less Newark Liberty Airport - Miami Flights Departure: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Destination: Miami (MIA)United States Return flight deals: Miami - Newark Liberty Airport Cabin classes: $622 First Class flights to Miami $615 Business Class flights to Miami $394 Prem Econ Class flights to Miami $74 Economy Class flights to Miami Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport $59Flights from Newark Airport to Miami Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Miami $59Flights to Miami, Miami Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Miami flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Miami from Newark Liberty Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Miami from Newark Liberty Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.