Cheap Flights from New York JFK to Athens from $189 | (JFK - ATH) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JFK - ATH Find cheap flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens from $189 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/21. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Athens These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Athens. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Athens. How much is the cheapest flight from John F Kennedy Intl to Athens?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Athens that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:20 pm - 12:40 pmJFK-ATH 30h 20m1 stop 1:30 pm - 9:30 pmATH-JFK 14h 00m1 stop $427Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Tue, Mar 5 - Tue, Mar 12 11:20 pm - 12:40 pmJFK-ATH 31h 20m1 stop 2:15 pm - 9:30 pmATH-JFK 13h 15m1 stop $450Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Tue, Mar 12 - Mon, Mar 25 8:05 pm - 7:00 pmJFK-ATH 15h 55m1 stop 8:00 am - 6:15 pmATH-JFK 17h 15m1 stop $520British Airways Find Deal Wed, Feb 7 - Mon, Feb 12 4:35 pm - 12:45 amJFK-ATH 25h 10m1 stop 6:00 am - 2:25 pmATH-JFK 15h 25m1 stop $522ITA Airways Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Wed, Feb 14 9:00 pm - 6:30 pmJFK-ATH 14h 30m1 stop 7:25 pm - 2:25 pmATH-JFK 26h 00m1 stop $525ITA Airways Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Mon, Jan 22 7:20 pm - 1:15 amJFK-ATH 22h 55m2 stops 8:00 am - 8:10 pmATH-JFK 19h 10m1 stop $537American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Sun, Jan 28 9:00 am - 1:30 pmJFK-ATH 21h 30m2 stops 2:30 pm - 9:15 pmATH-JFK 13h 45m1 stop $539American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 7 - Thu, Feb 29 11:25 pm - 7:05 pmJFK-ATH 12h 40m1 stop 7:25 am - 2:25 pmATH-JFK 14h 00m1 stop $544British Airways Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Thu, Feb 1 4:59 pm - 9:30 amJFK-ATH 9h 31mnonstop 6:00 am - 4:45 pmATH-JFK 17h 45m1 stop $642Delta Find Deal Sat, Dec 30 - Wed, Jan 17 4:59 pm - 9:30 amJFK-ATH 9h 31mnonstop 3:15 pm - 7:10 pmATH-JFK 34h 55m1 stop $655Delta Find Deal Sat, Dec 30 - Tue, Jan 9 Show more results Flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Athens - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Athens to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Athens? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Athens is January, where tickets cost $676 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,336 and $1,282 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Athens? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Athens, you should book around 1 day before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 5 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens found on KAYAK was with Scandinavian Airlines for $318. Scandinavian Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $427 and British Airways from $520. Which airlines fly non-stop between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Athens? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Athens. There is just one airline that flies from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Athens direct and that is Delta. The best one-way deal found from Delta for the route is $677. How many flights are there between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Athens per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and lands in Athens, with an average flight time of 9h 31m. The most common departure time is 4:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 5 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Athens? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens take? The average nonstop flight takes 9h 31m, covering a distance of 4,926 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport at 4:50 pm and will be landing in Athens at 9:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Athens jets off at 4:59 pm and lands at 9:30 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $189 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 31% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 41% increase in price. Flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens When to book flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Athens Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from John F Kennedy Intl to Athens based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens flights What are the layover options for flights from John F. Kennedy International Airport to Athens? Layovers differ based on your airline and last around an hour to 4 hours. Popular flight providers like Scandinavian Airlines have a layover at Copenhagen International Airport (CPH), while Aer Lingus has a layover at Dubai International Airport (DUB). Passengers on flights to Athens with Air France and Delta Airlines make a connection at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG). What are the public transit options from Athens International Airport to downtown Athens? Taxis, trains, and buses are the transfer options from Athens International Airport to downtown. The most affordable public transfer option is the bus with Line X96 operating from the airport to Syntagma Square downtown. You can board the bus between exits 4 and 5 of the Arrivals level. Alternatively, the train is faster and is available from the Departures Level. Which airlines offer sustainable flights from John F. Kennedy International Airport to Athens? Passengers on a flight to Athens from JFK release about 4000 pounds of carbon dioxide. To preserve the environment, airlines like KLM, Austrian, and Delta Airlines offset some of the carbon emitted. LKM is at the forefront of the sustainability effort, which offsets up to 40% of the carbon. What accessibility services are available for flights from JFK to Athens? Turkish Airlines provide wheelchair services to passengers with limited mobility at the airport, when boarding, during the flight, and when disembarking. Turkish Airlines reserves seats next to disabled passengers for their companions. Scandinavian Airlines also has unique aircraft that can accommodate passengers with a disability by having a special wheelchair onboard to help move to and from the bathrooms. Do I need a passport to fly between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Athens? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens? On your way to Athens, you’ll fly out from New York John F Kennedy Intl. You’ll be landing at Athens Eleftherios V.. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens flight route: Delta, Air France, American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, KLM, and ITA Airways. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens? The Boeing 767-400 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Athens. On which days can I fly direct from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens? You can catch a nonstop flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to Athens, SWISS or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to Athens are SWISS and Delta. With an average price for the route of $1,010 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,148 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Athens from New York John F Kennedy Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Athens with an airline and back to New York John F Kennedy Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and ATH can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Athens? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Athens from New York John F Kennedy Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from JFK to Athens Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $667 or less one-way and $778 or less round-trip. Passengers flying to Athens from John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) will land at Athens International Airport (ATH). ATH airport is about 20 miles southwest of downtown Athens. You can also fly into ATH airport if you are visiting cities like Spata Pallini, Koropi, and Markopoulo. Travelers will have a number of airline options for flights from JFK to Athens, as almost a dozen airlines operate out of the airport. You will board Aer Lingus and Icelandair flights at Terminal 7, American Airlines at Terminal 8, Austrian Airlines at Terminal 1, and Delta Airlines at Terminal 4. Scandinavian Airlines has two fast check-in options that can help save time and avoid the long check-in queues at the airport. You can check in online or opt for self-check-in at JFK airport. Online check-in is open 30 hours to 1 hour before departure of your flight. Upgrade your economy class ticket to business class when flying with Turkish Airlines to enjoy comfortable seats during the long-haul flight from JFK to Athens. Turkish Airlines permits passengers to upgrade their seats using miles without paying any extra charges. Business class seats come with perks such as extra baggage allowance and special priority. Travel with up to two pets on flights to Athens from JFK is permitted on Scandinavian Airlines. Other airlines, such as Delta Airlines, only allow up to one pet per passenger. Pets like small cats and dogs can travel in the cabin, given they are clean, healthy, and appropriately caged. Larger pets can travel as checked cargo. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York John F Kennedy Intl to Athens Eleftherios V.? Find which airlines fly direct from John F Kennedy Intl to Eleftherios V., which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York John F Kennedy Intl to Athens Eleftherios V. Search Flights Monday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Thursday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Friday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Saturday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Athens Eleftherios V. to New York John F Kennedy Intl Search Flights Tuesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Friday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Saturday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 Sunday Air France, Delta, KLM, +1 more Air France, Delta, +2 more 1 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from John F Kennedy Intl to Athens See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to Athens. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from John F Kennedy Intl to Athens? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82boarding 79food 86crew 78comfort 77entertainment 82overall Airline reviews Pros: "Friendly and caring attendants. Smooth flight. Good condition of the aircraft."Read more about SWISS Pros: "Friendly and caring attendants. Smooth flight. Good condition of the aircraft." Pros: "The best thing is that they’re always on time" Cons: "The seats are way too cramped" Cons: "Boarding is a mess There is no order at all That delays the flight" Pros: "Booked a flight to Europe. Online check in easy. Luggage dropoff at JFK had no line for online check in. Flight was on time, my luggage arrived in my final destination fine (had 1 transfer). Crew was efficient and attentive." Cons: "Spaces for seats in the economy class are shrinking. With Swiss Air, seems more so as the seats recline quite a bit which is of course good for an 8-9 hours flight. However if the passenger in front of you reclines their seats, you absolutely are forced to recline yours immediately, otherwise no one will fit. Flight attendants have to ask passengers to put the seats back from reclining during meal service so people can open the food tray and are able to access it, that is how much the seats tilt." Pros: "Everyone was very friendly and helpful. They were all multi-lingual and ready to help foreign travelers. The food was good. The plain wasn’t overstuffed with people - actually there were enough open seats that everyone could have a little extra space. Will always check Swiss Air first for international travel." Pros: "It was nice because plane was half empty so had quicker attention from stewards - everything was good." Pros: "It reminds me of school dinners" Cons: "Bland, over cooked No thought into the presentation or flavour" Pros: "Swiss has the most cheerful crews I've seen, and their enthusiasm is infectious which makes it easier to tolerate being cramped in a plane for hours. Also, I love that they give you a Swiss chocolate at the en of the flight." Cons: "While I was on line to board, a flight assistant came to me and asked me if I was flying by myself. When I said yes. they upgraded me to business class. I boarded the plane and took my seat. Shortly before taking off, another flight attendant came to me, told me they made a mistake, and sent me back to my original economy seat (while I was holding my new business boarding pass that they gave me). When I told them they should remedy somehow their mistake, they said they did not have any other extra seat in business and that there was nothing they could do. They did not apologize. They were quite unprofessional and rude. I fly often and I have never experienced something so unprofessional and rude. Alitalia is far better than Swissair in terms of professionalism and of politeness. I will always discourage anyone from flying Swissair. Worst company ever." Pros: "The food provided and the service was excellent." Cons: "The space between the seats are super small and uncomfortable. For a long flight you can barely sleep and your legs hurt after a while." Cons: "Tightly packed seats made for discomfort. My knees were touching the seat in front of me." Cons: "A Boeing 757 should not be used for a 6+ hour flight" Cons: "We sat for an hour on the tarmac with the plane at about 80-85 degrees and everyone sweating. Once we took off the flight attendants kept turning the cabin lights on and off and serving dinner (on an overnight flight is that really necessary?!) and waking us up. Also plane was old and uncomfortable." Pros: "The entire crew was amazing they were professional friendly and accommodating" Cons: "I checked two bags and paid for them. The flight was full. I dutifully got in line for zone two. Next thing you know, at least 25 people got to board early and have free bag check. Really? I should get $35 dollar refund." Cons: "The flight from. JFK to Barcelona was delayed as well. Their computers were down in Atlanta. So everyone had to have their name hand typed into a computer when boarding. Then the pilot said that our bags are usually weighed and computerized for even distribution on the plane. That system was also down, so we sat on the runway waiting for that problem to be fixed. When we arrived at Barcelona, I unpacked and discovered a jacket and pants in my luggage were wet. The only place that could have happened was at JfK during their rain storm and the luggage weight issue." Cons: "My friend and I was switched to an even worse seating when boarding. Very uncomfortable especially for my friend since he had crutches." Pros: "Crew was ok" Cons: "Plane boarded late, took off late, arrived late. Boarding was confusing and slow." Pros: "Very nice stewardess on this plane. Seating was excellent." Cons: "Crew was not apologetic after we missed connecting flight due to technical difficulties with their plane. I was re-routed to Barcelona and then a very budgetary Airlines to Athens which was ridiculously tight again with seating and flight was almost an hour late. Luggage didn't come until following day. And to top it off, I thought I would be flying with KLM on both legs!" Pros: "Food was amazing tasted and seasoned well. Not bland, really good salad and chicken." Cons: "Delay. (liked kayak delay updates tho!) crew not very attending and it looked like they didnt care. In order to keep folks busy because of the delay. They gave out immigration and customs papers out, but refused to give pen. I literally didn't had one and answer from the crew was like that. " Excuse me do you have a pen by any chance?" . "NO! I dont! asked them" pointing out to other crew members, -this is the best part- the female stewardess had clearly visibly a pen in her front shirt pocket! Sitting around and trying to kill time and no pen still. While busy with food and other stuff, i fell asleep. Then after a while when going to the restroom i asked the male steward if he would have a pen please, he pointed out they dont have any pens. ( please note he marked on his check board, who is getting which meal on the first class)" Pros: "i like the food and movie choices." Cons: "Crew was little bit rude. They didn’t help me to find the spot for my carry on luggage." Pros: "Another fantastic trip with Turkish Airlines. Everything from their membership in Star Alliance, to their awesome customer service, to their fantastic tasting food." Pros: "Food was great! Crew was excellent and I loved entertainment choices!" Pros: "The staff member who checked me in was very friendly" Cons: "the inflight staff needs to improve their behaviour in dealing with passengers. Some were quite rude. The aircraft seats were extremely cramped. The food selection was quite poor." Cons: "Seats are very comfortable! Very nice flight, crew, entertainment screens are large," Pros: "Everything from boarding to disembarking was good." Cons: "I had an impression that the seats on Turkish Airline were spaced further apart in economy class compared to other airlines based on several of our past trips. This time it was very tight. Dissapointed! Hope they bring the old spacing back." Cons: "The seat are not comfortable for a long flight, I felt I was on a city bus it's very cramped and tight and I'm a medium size person, totally not recommended for heavy people" Cons: "Flight to Istanbul was fine. The flight back was a terrible experience! During our connecting flight in Athens our boarding passes wouldn't print at the self service computers and there was no one to help us so we had to go back out to the front desk. The airline representative was extremely rude. There was 5 employees standing around the computer with NO customers and when we asked if this was Turkish Airlines and if they could help, the woman (manager) responded "this WAS Turkish Airlines" as if they were done helping customers for the day (it was 9AM and our flight was leaving in 45 min). We explained that we couldn't print our passes and she ROLLED her eyes as if it was an inconvenience to help us. THEN on our flight from Istanbul to Chicago, a passenger died an hour into the flight and they placed the body on the seats behind us for over 10 hours! Nobody even told us what happened! We didn't know if they died from natural causes or if it was something else! They didn't offer to seat us somewhere else or even inform us they were placing the body there. We were completely shocked and uncomfortable the whole flight home. We couldn't eat or sleep. We're completely disgusted and scarred from this overall experience." Pros: "Some of the crew members were sweet, and helpful. I liked that the bathroom had soap and lotion as well." Cons: "The security was rude when we were getting into our gate. They humiliated a man because he didn't understand their accent. There was a group of young employees and they came off as very immature. There was a crying baby next to me for the majority of the 13 hours. They ran out of food, and I had no choice but to eat the pasta option even though I do not eat pasta in my normal life. My knees hurt from not having space to stretch out for such a long flight. It was freezing cold and they did not have extra blankets. It felt like my section kept getting skipped over for everything (food, liquids, general checking in to make sure people were okay). We boarded late, and left late. When I arrived the luggage took VERY long - almost an hour - to come out." Pros: "Worst" Cons: "I was on the phone for 4 hours, went to Turkish office in New York City (they didn't agree to see me), called various sales offices without obtaining a resolution. The only option I have is to lose the full fare of this ticket." Original Flight was cancelled Then Baggage was lost on rebooked flight I flew business class. But nothing compare to business class. Lounge closed in Vienna. Not exist at all in Tel Aviv. Priority boarding not exist in Tel Aviv despite available business counter. Nobody in front of me was checked in to Business or with Senator status. No welcome drinks. All overall awful experience. Pros: "Crew was ok, food and drinks was enough for 1,30 hour flight." Cons: "I really expected more from Austrian airlines." Pros: "Clean aircraft, polite crew." Cons: "1. Check-In , Check-In , check-In .. automated much more time consuming and probably costly. 2. Delayed flight (as usual) .. 6.am D.T. should either mean 6.00 or 6.05 or 6.10 ... but not 6.30. 3. Very tight connection flights in Vienna, so a slight delay could mean missed connection. 4. Food" Pros: "Clean and new planes. On time." Cons: "On the transatlantic flight the crew was unattractive and somewhat rude. They skipped our entire row serving morning refreshments and then complained and tried to shame us all for calling them back. Food quality was on par with Alegent Airlines. We even got charged for one piece of checked luggage 46lb on a international flight. That was a first!!!" Pros: "On time take off" Cons: "They serve non-halal food with Muslim menu. They think hat non-pork meat means halal/zabihah. Non friendly flight crew" Pros: "The attendants on Austrian air are all very nice and helpful. You can make any request of them or ask any question and they are happy to help. Great customer service. Arrived on time. Also, very good entertainment options!" Cons: "The seats are very uncomfortable on Austrian air. The only way I would fly them again would be if I had extra money for the exit rows with more leg room. Food isn't great, but no airline food is really great. Boarding was significantly delayed from what it said on the boarding pass, with no updates. But we arrived on time. Getting luggage after flight at Dulles took a really long time, but I think that is more of an airport issue as getting my luggage from another Austrian airlines flight to another airport was a breeze." Pros: "Fast flight , friendly staff , ok food" Cons: "I couldn’t push my seat back and because of that I was awake the whole flight (night flight)" Pros: "Liked all except the food" Cons: "Did not like the food. I specifically selected vegeterian meal however was served vegan meal which I did not enjoy" Pros: "The crew was superb. Extended leg room seats had a lot of legroom. Good wines, decent dinner." Cons: "Very strict carry on policies, much strictet than US carrieers, primarily by weight. Known traveler numbers (Glibal Entry) were not askrd at the time of online check in and ad a result, TSA Pre didnt show up on out boarding passes. Agent at the counter coulsnt dix it euther. Surprisingly, very disappointing breakfast." Pros: "Very friendly, helpful and communicative crew." Cons: "Only complaint: the touch screen on the seat back was oddly unresponsive and this made it a bit difficult to interface with the various in-flight entertainment options; the streaming music in particular." Pros: "Great crew. I love Lufthansa. I just wish there was more room for my legs." Cons: "More leg room!" Pros: "crew wasn't friendly, seats are very narrow and uncomfortable" Cons: "FOOD WAS DISGUSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Cons: "The Soviet Union wants its airline back. This was perhaps the RUDEST airline experience I've ever experienced. I was at Frankfurt (FRA) airport waiting to board Air Moldova Flight 864 to Chisinau (KIV). Due to a delay caused by Frankfurt security (and no fault of my own), I was delayed in reaching the gate. Since it was past my boarding time, I grabbed my bags from the conveyor belt once past security without having time to repack. I arrived at the gate and the extremely rude Air Moldova gate agent on duty yelled at me and demanded that I give her my boarding pass. When I told her I needed to pack, she yelled that there was “no time for that”. When I searched for my pass, she again yelled and said “NOW!”. When I told her that it was not my fault that I arrived late since there was a delay at security, she said “Not my problem!”. After she checked my boarding pass, I tried to repack and she again yelled “There is no time. Go to the bus NOW!” I once again told her that it was not my fault I got delayed and she again yelled “NOT MY PROBLEM”. In addition to rude employees, the airline is clearly in violation of safety regulations. The safety card in the back seat pocket was written in ARMENIAN – and Armenian only, thanks to the plane having been leased and Air Moldova not appropriately changing the safety cards. How did they expect people who read Romanian or Russian (the local languages) or English to understand it! On top of that, the plane was easily 20 years old or more and dirty. If they can't even keep a plane clean or have the appropriate safety cards, what else are they not maintaining. Do not fly this terrible airline!" Pros: "The flight was smooth and the flight attendants were very polite and helpful. It was a great experience" Cons: "The bathroom was a bit smelly" Pros: "The crew was really good. The food was much better than my cross the Atlantic flight. There wasn’t any entertainment so I am not sure how to rate it." Cons: "Frankfurt airport is not very good. Why does a passenger who has cleared security in the US have to do it again in Frankfurt? It is an unnecessary requirement that causes some passengers to miss their connecting flight. I will give them a pass on clearing immigration But going thru security....no." Cons: "Had to run thru airport to catch plane, thn long wait to board." Pros: "Crew was pleasant." Cons: "Premium economy upgrade not worth the price! Wheelchair service ordered but NOT provided In Frankfort!" Pros: "A male flight attendance made me feel uncomfortable. I sat in empty sit with number 3 instead of 4 and he asked me to check my number on my boarding pass. WIth an extremely directive and dictating tone in his voice he told me YOU SHOULD GO AND SIT to what your ticket says. It is VERY important to be sited, although the seats are available you should be sited where your boarding pass directs you to be." Cons: "I realized that some people of their crew are extremely insane! I have never had an issue like this, with DELTA or AIR FRANCE, or KLM, or NORWEGIAN, or SAS If it was only one persona that I had to deal with, which it was on my flight from NY to Munich I would say , it was coincidence . One person is not a statistical point and accuse the whole Company. But this was repeated on my second flight from Munich to Athens. Then I said, this is not coincidence, it is a pattern that is repeated and not professional . NEVER AGAIN WITH LUFTHANSA is my decision and my recommendation." Pros: "It could be better, the flight attendance one of them was overwhelmed and I could feel her attitude, although she made an accidental movement on my foot she never apologized. And her eye contact was very aggressive as if she would use words. I tried to save the moment, and avoided all further interactions. Not even to look at her, or accept even a single glass of water. She did past through my area and again she was stocked with her cart, and she thought is was my foot again. When she realized that this time was not my foot, (which in the first time it was and she kicked my knee with the speed of her movement and I was not aware to save the moment) nevertheless, the second time and for the rest of my trip I was so careful that it did not happen again. But it happened one more time, but not with my foot. although she thought it was me. She looked at me again with a very bitter-eye but when she realized that the problem was not me she looked at another way acting as if she didnot understand what was going through her mind or my mind." Cons: "The attidute is what I try not to get involved. I am on the air, traveling, and I don't like to experience any negative feelings from no one. I am consciously aware not to give any reasons for any form of unacceptable behaviors either with or without evidence. I WILL NOT EVER AGAIN, travel with LUFTHANSA just because of the way they treated me in my case which I travel always with my emotional pet, and this time they gave me a hardship and I had to travel without Logan. and additionally to this, I had to accept that flight attendance wordless aggressive behavior. Which in my opinion, I believe she could say I am sorry, and not looking at me as her worse enemy. Madness. She honestly needs a psychological evaluation." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from New York to Athens Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to Athens found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/21Wed 1 stop 20h 05mJFK-ATH $189 Search 1/25Thu 1 stop 20h 05mJFK-ATH $192 Search 2/4Sun 1 stop 18h 40mJFK-ATH $194 Search 1/25Thu 1 stop 18h 40mJFK-ATH $197 Search 2/27Tue 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 30h 20mJFK-ATH $318 Search 2/6Tue 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 30h 20mJFK-ATH $344 Search 2/4Sun 1 stopVueling 14h 40mJFK-ATH $400 Search 4/10Wed 1 stopVueling 15h 10mJFK-ATH $456 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopSWISS 11h 30mJFK-ATH $481 Search 1/28Sun 2 stopsUnited Airlines 44h 50mJFK-ATH $490 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineScandinavian AirlinesVuelingSWISSUnited Airlines Search by price$190 or less$200 or less$340 or less$460 or less$490 or less Last minute flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Athens Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to Athens that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopITA Airways 18h 55mJFK-ATH 12/19Tue multi-stopITA Airways 19h 55mATH-JFK $499 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopITA Airways 18h 55mJFK-ATH 12/10Sun multi-stopITA Airways 15h 25mATH-JFK $502 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 9h 31mJFK-ATH 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 11h 00mATH-JFK $508 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 12h 40mJFK-ATH 12/11Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 17h 15mATH-JFK $526 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSWISS 12h 40mJFK-ATH 12/18Mon multi-stopSWISS 12h 55mATH-JFK $533 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopSWISS 14h 25mJFK-ATH 12/11Mon multi-stopSWISS 29h 20mATH-JFK $539 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 20h 25mJFK-ATH 12/25Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 45mATH-JFK $555 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopBritish Airways 22h 20mJFK-ATH 12/20Wed multi-stopBritish Airways 14h 40mATH-JFK $583 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 18h 45mJFK-ATH 12/12Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 17h 50mATH-JFK $587 Search 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 9h 31mJFK-ATH 12/15Fri nonstopDelta 11h 00mATH-JFK $598 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineITA AirwaysDeltaBritish AirwaysSWISSAmerican Airlines Search by price$500 or less$530 or less$540 or less$580 or less$600 or less New York John F Kennedy Airport - Athens Flights Departure: New York John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)United States Destination: Athens (ATH)Greece Return flight deals: Athens - New York John F Kennedy Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Athens $1,347 Business Class flights to Athens $1,844 Prem Econ Class flights to Athens $580 Economy Class flights to Athens Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York John F Kennedy Airport $397Flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Athens Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Greece » Athens $397Flights to Athens, Athens Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Athens flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Athens from New York John F Kennedy Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Athens from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.