Cheap Flights from New York JFK to Mumbai from $326 | (JFK - BOM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JFK - BOM Find cheap flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai from $326 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/28. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Mumbai These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Mumbai. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Mumbai. How much is the cheapest flight from John F Kennedy Intl to Mumbai?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Mumbai that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:00 am - 6:25 amJFK-BOM 32h 55m1 stop 8:00 am - 9:00 amBOM-JFK 35h 30m1 stop $640SAUDIA Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Thu, Mar 7 2:00 pm - 6:30 amJFK-BOM 31h 00m1 stop 8:00 am - 11:55 amBOM-JFK 37h 25m1 stop $645SAUDIA Find Deal Sun, Apr 21 - Sat, Apr 27 12:30 pm - 6:10 pmJFK-BOM 20h 10m2 stops 7:40 am - 7:35 amBOM-JFK 33h 25m2 stops $687Air India Find Deal Wed, Apr 10 - Mon, May 13 12:30 pm - 6:05 pmJFK-BOM 19h 05m2 stops 1:55 am - 7:55 amBOM-JFK 15h 30mnonstop $692Air India Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Sat, May 25 6:00 pm - 1:15 amJFK-BOM 21h 45m1 stop 2:15 am - 2:00 pmBOM-JFK 21h 15m1 stop $725Kuwait Airways Find Deal Sun, Mar 17 - Mon, Apr 1 5:00 pm - 1:15 amJFK-BOM 21h 45m1 stop 2:15 am - 3:25 pmBOM-JFK 22h 40m1 stop $726Kuwait Airways Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Sun, Mar 17 10:00 pm - 12:40 pmJFK-BOM 28h 10m1 stop 10:40 pm - 3:55 pmBOM-JFK 27h 45m1 stop $760Etihad Airways Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sun, Jan 28 10:00 pm - 7:25 amJFK-BOM 22h 55m1 stop 9:05 am - 3:55 pmBOM-JFK 41h 20m1 stop $761Etihad Airways Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Jan 25 8:20 pm - 2:00 amJFK-BOM 19h 10m1 stop 9:50 pm - 9:15 amBOM-JFK 20h 55m1 stop $784Qatar Airways Find Deal Sun, Mar 3 - Sun, Mar 17 11:25 am - 2:30 amJFK-BOM 29h 35m1 stop 4:50 am - 3:20 pmBOM-JFK 20h 00m1 stop $821Qatar Airways Find Deal Fri, Mar 29 - Sun, Apr 7 Show more results Flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Mumbai - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Mumbai to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Mumbai? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Mumbai, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Mumbai is September, where tickets cost $771 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,559 and $1,361 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Mumbai? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Mumbai, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Mumbai, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 69 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on SAUDIA ($354) and Etihad Airways ($375). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on SAUDIA ($640) and Turkish Airlines ($674). Which airlines fly non-stop between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Mumbai? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Mumbai. There is just one airline that flies from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Mumbai direct and that is Air India. The best one-way deal found from Air India for the route is $669. How many flights are there between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Mumbai per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and lands in Mumbai, with an average flight time of 14h 10m. The most common departure time is 10:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 3 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Mumbai? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai take? A direct flight to Mumbai will take on average 14h 10m to travel the 7,782 miles flying distance from New York John F Kennedy Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport at 10:55 am and will be landing in Mumbai at 11:35 am. What’s the latest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Mumbai jets off at 10:55 am and lands at 11:35 am. Good to know Low season September High season December Cheapest flight $326 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 28% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 47% increase in price. Flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai When to book flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Mumbai Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from John F Kennedy Intl to Mumbai based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai flights Which family-friendly airline can I consider for my flight from John F Kennedy Intl (JFK) to Mumbai with kids? One of the family-friendly airlines you ought to put into consideration for your flight from John F Kennedy Intl (JFK) to Mumbai with kids is American Airlines. The airline offers a wide range of in-flight amenities, such as bassinets, child restraint systems on request, movies for children of all ages, and family priority boarding. Which child seat safety guidelines should I consider when renting a car at Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl (BOM)? When renting a car for your kids' road trips at BOM’s Arrivals area, remember to also rent an age-appropriate child restraint seat. According to Indian laws, children under 13 must travel in an age-appropriate booster or rear-facing seat. How can I connect from Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl (BOM) to the city center? You can take a taxi, train, or bus to connect from BOM to the city center. Among these options, Mumbai Metro Line 3 is the most affordable and reliable option as its station is in Terminal 2. Metro Line 3 departs BOM in every 10 minutes taking about 20 minutes per one-way trip to the city center. Which nearby cities can I connect to from Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl (BOM)? Other than serving as the main destination airport for travelers flying to Mumbai, BOM can also serve as the destination airport for travelers connecting to nearby cities such as Thana, Bhiwandi, and Kalyan. You can consider taking a taxi or renting a car to connect to these cities. Do I need a passport to fly between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Mumbai? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in New York John F Kennedy Airport and on arrival in Mumbai. Which airports will I be using when flying from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai? On your way to Mumbai, you’ll fly out from New York John F Kennedy Intl. You’ll be landing at Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai? American Airlines, British Airways, and JetBlue offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Mumbai. On which days can I fly direct from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai? There are nonstop flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to Mumbai, Qatar Airways or SWISS? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to Mumbai are Qatar Airways and SWISS. With an average price for the route of $1,030 and an overall rating of 8.2, Qatar Airways is the most popular choice. SWISS is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,374 and an overall rating of 8.0. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Mumbai from New York John F Kennedy Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Mumbai with an airline and back to New York John F Kennedy Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and BOM can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Mumbai? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Mumbai from New York John F Kennedy Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from JFK to Mumbai Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $405 or less one-way and $895 or less round-trip. Despite the presence of Newark (EWR) and LaGuardia (LGA), most travelers flying from New York to Mumbai consider John F Kennedy Intl (JFK) as their departure airport. This is probably due to its ability to manage delays due to its higher number of international flight options to Mumbai Airport. Most travelers arriving in Mumbai from John F Kennedy Intl (JFK) would land at Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl (BOM). The airport receives the highest number of international flights in Mumbai. This makes it easy to choose a flight option that suits your budget and cost. With Navi Mumbai International Airport set to start operations in December 2024, BOM is the only airport serving Mumbai. To connect from the city center to JFK for your flight to Mumbai, you will consider an airport shuttle, a taxi or a rideshare, the MTA buses, or the AirTrain. Among these options, MTA's operated Q3, Q6, Q7, Q10, Q37, and B15 buses offer cheaper transport options to JFK. Most airlines at JFK and BOM offer free returnable wheelchair services at the ticket counters. They have officials whose role is to offer assistance to the PRMs. Most airlines' planes also have seats with adjustable armrests or special seats for people with disabilities. Persons with Reduced Mobility (PRMs) should therefore find no reason to worry about their connections from New York to Mumbai. Mumbai Airport (BOM) is the hub for Air India and a focus airport for Vistara. These two are, therefore, highly ranked among the airlines with the highest number of flights to BOM. To access numerous flight options from John F Kennedy Intl (JFK) to BOM, you should prioritize booking your flight with Air India. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York John F Kennedy Intl to Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from John F Kennedy Intl to Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York John F Kennedy Intl to Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl Search Flights Monday Air India Air India Tuesday Air India Air India Wednesday Air India Air India Thursday Air India Air India Friday Air India Air India Saturday Air India Air India Sunday Air India Air India See more direct flights Nonstop returns Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl to New York John F Kennedy Intl Search Flights Monday Air India Air India Tuesday Air India Air India Wednesday Air India Air India Thursday Air India Air India Friday Air India Air India Saturday Air India Air India Sunday Air India Air India See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from John F Kennedy Intl to Mumbai See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to Mumbai. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from John F Kennedy Intl to Mumbai? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.2 Qatar AirwaysOverall score based on 11264 reviews 83boarding 82entertainment 80food 83overall 82comfort 86crew Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was amazing. Food was great. Clean bathrooms. Great entertainment." Cons: "We had our passports and boarding passes checked five times in the course of 2 minutes by five different people one after the next. My cabin luggage was searched right before boarding. I appreciate the need for security, but that was excessive and unnecessary. In the peak of the Corona virus craze, the security made all passengers take off shoes and walk without any protection. This is not Qatar Airways doing - New York JFK security B S, but I am sure airways companies have some say to change it."Read more about Qatar Airways Pros: "The crew was amazing. Food was great. Clean bathrooms. Great entertainment." Cons: "We had our passports and boarding passes checked five times in the course of 2 minutes by five different people one after the next. My cabin luggage was searched right before boarding. I appreciate the need for security, but that was excessive and unnecessary. In the peak of the Corona virus craze, the security made all passengers take off shoes and walk without any protection. This is not Qatar Airways doing - New York JFK security B S, but I am sure airways companies have some say to change it." Pros: "Crew did a great job keeping the long 11hour flight manageable!" Pros: "The crew was amazing" Cons: "The tv didn’t work throughout the whole flight. Very uncomfortable seats" Pros: "The crew provide good service but personally i did not like the food that could be lot better." Cons: "Extraordinarily care taken On board. Very impressed with Qutar Airways. Excellent" Cons: "I wish to have little more room on seat for long flight." Pros: "Crew was excellent" Cons: "Boarding at JFK is very bad. They do not know the meaning of priority. Food from JFK to Doha pretty bad." Pros: "Everything" Cons: "WC size (too small) and location. Other airlines such as Lufthansa (NYC - Munich) do way better job in this category ( I believe Lufthansa aircraft was either A330 or 340)" Pros: "Legroom was great Staff were great Bathrooms were very clean and cleaned often in the flight" Pros: "Food and entertainment was fine." Cons: "Crew was not very organized or helpful. Need more training/experience." Pros: "Friendly and caring attendants. Smooth flight. Good condition of the aircraft." Pros: "The best thing is that they’re always on time" Cons: "The seats are way too cramped" Pros: "Ground Staff (your frontline) were welcoming The seats are most comfortable, the cabin immaculately clean, the Staff polite, helpful and efficient. The flight was smooth including takeoff and Landing Thank You All" Cons: "Have no complaints." Pros: "Booked a flight to Europe. Online check in easy. Luggage dropoff at JFK had no line for online check in. Flight was on time, my luggage arrived in my final destination fine (had 1 transfer). Crew was efficient and attentive." Cons: "Spaces for seats in the economy class are shrinking. With Swiss Air, seems more so as the seats recline quite a bit which is of course good for an 8-9 hours flight. However if the passenger in front of you reclines their seats, you absolutely are forced to recline yours immediately, otherwise no one will fit. Flight attendants have to ask passengers to put the seats back from reclining during meal service so people can open the food tray and are able to access it, that is how much the seats tilt." Pros: "Everyone was very friendly and helpful. They were all multi-lingual and ready to help foreign travelers. The food was good. The plain wasn’t overstuffed with people - actually there were enough open seats that everyone could have a little extra space. Will always check Swiss Air first for international travel." Pros: "It was nice because plane was half empty so had quicker attention from stewards - everything was good." Pros: "It reminds me of school dinners" Cons: "Bland, over cooked No thought into the presentation or flavour" Pros: "Swiss has the most cheerful crews I've seen, and their enthusiasm is infectious which makes it easier to tolerate being cramped in a plane for hours. Also, I love that they give you a Swiss chocolate at the en of the flight." Cons: "While I was on line to board, a flight assistant came to me and asked me if I was flying by myself. When I said yes. they upgraded me to business class. I boarded the plane and took my seat. Shortly before taking off, another flight attendant came to me, told me they made a mistake, and sent me back to my original economy seat (while I was holding my new business boarding pass that they gave me). When I told them they should remedy somehow their mistake, they said they did not have any other extra seat in business and that there was nothing they could do. They did not apologize. They were quite unprofessional and rude. I fly often and I have never experienced something so unprofessional and rude. Alitalia is far better than Swissair in terms of professionalism and of politeness. I will always discourage anyone from flying Swissair. Worst company ever." Pros: "The food provided and the service was excellent." Cons: "The space between the seats are super small and uncomfortable. For a long flight you can barely sleep and your legs hurt after a while." Cons: "Tightly packed seats made for discomfort. My knees were touching the seat in front of me." Cons: "A Boeing 757 should not be used for a 6+ hour flight" Pros: "The entire crew was amazing they were professional friendly and accommodating" Cons: "I checked two bags and paid for them. The flight was full. I dutifully got in line for zone two. Next thing you know, at least 25 people got to board early and have free bag check. Really? I should get $35 dollar refund." Cons: "The flight from. JFK to Barcelona was delayed as well. Their computers were down in Atlanta. So everyone had to have their name hand typed into a computer when boarding. Then the pilot said that our bags are usually weighed and computerized for even distribution on the plane. That system was also down, so we sat on the runway waiting for that problem to be fixed. When we arrived at Barcelona, I unpacked and discovered a jacket and pants in my luggage were wet. The only place that could have happened was at JfK during their rain storm and the luggage weight issue." Cons: "My friend and I was switched to an even worse seating when boarding. Very uncomfortable especially for my friend since he had crutches." Pros: "Crew was ok" Cons: "Plane boarded late, took off late, arrived late. Boarding was confusing and slow." Pros: "Food was amazing tasted and seasoned well. Not bland, really good salad and chicken." Cons: "Delay. (liked kayak delay updates tho!) crew not very attending and it looked like they didnt care. In order to keep folks busy because of the delay. They gave out immigration and customs papers out, but refused to give pen. I literally didn't had one and answer from the crew was like that. " Excuse me do you have a pen by any chance?" . "NO! I dont! asked them" pointing out to other crew members, -this is the best part- the female stewardess had clearly visibly a pen in her front shirt pocket! Sitting around and trying to kill time and no pen still. While busy with food and other stuff, i fell asleep. Then after a while when going to the restroom i asked the male steward if he would have a pen please, he pointed out they dont have any pens. ( please note he marked on his check board, who is getting which meal on the first class)" Cons: "Some of the flight attendants were rude and not very welcoming at all." Pros: "The staff is very friendly. Most pleasant airline I've flown with." Pros: "i like the food and movie choices." Cons: "Crew was little bit rude. They didn’t help me to find the spot for my carry on luggage." Pros: "Another fantastic trip with Turkish Airlines. Everything from their membership in Star Alliance, to their awesome customer service, to their fantastic tasting food." Pros: "Food was great! Crew was excellent and I loved entertainment choices!" Pros: "The staff member who checked me in was very friendly" Cons: "the inflight staff needs to improve their behaviour in dealing with passengers. Some were quite rude. The aircraft seats were extremely cramped. The food selection was quite poor." Cons: "Seats are very comfortable! Very nice flight, crew, entertainment screens are large," Cons: "Too warm, chaotic boarding, not enough baggage space, airline couldn’t upgrade me at the gate with miles." Pros: "Everything from boarding to disembarking was good." Cons: "I had an impression that the seats on Turkish Airline were spaced further apart in economy class compared to other airlines based on several of our past trips. This time it was very tight. Dissapointed! Hope they bring the old spacing back." Cons: "The seat are not comfortable for a long flight, I felt I was on a city bus it's very cramped and tight and I'm a medium size person, totally not recommended for heavy people" Pros: "Some of the crew members were sweet, and helpful. I liked that the bathroom had soap and lotion as well." Cons: "The security was rude when we were getting into our gate. They humiliated a man because he didn't understand their accent. There was a group of young employees and they came off as very immature. There was a crying baby next to me for the majority of the 13 hours. They ran out of food, and I had no choice but to eat the pasta option even though I do not eat pasta in my normal life. My knees hurt from not having space to stretch out for such a long flight. It was freezing cold and they did not have extra blankets. It felt like my section kept getting skipped over for everything (food, liquids, general checking in to make sure people were okay). We boarded late, and left late. When I arrived the luggage took VERY long - almost an hour - to come out." Pros: "Worst" Cons: "I was on the phone for 4 hours, went to Turkish office in New York City (they didn't agree to see me), called various sales offices without obtaining a resolution. The only option I have is to lose the full fare of this ticket." The flight itself it was great nice food the crew were very nice and helpful, Checking in from Birmingham wasn't great long queues for bag dropped, And I had my hand luggage case taken away from me even though I requested to have it with me as I had breakables items. I was told I can not because of the length of the flight with no explanation at all no options was given for me to take my fragile items out of my case it was taken away with hold buggage I find the staff member who was checking me in very unpleasant !! Can we please be advise if the rules have changed about the the carry on hand luggage it will be easier to be advise on booking your tickect if we not allowed to take the hand luggage with me. Overall I had a good flight . Pros: "The crew were great! The seats are not that comfortable, it happened that I had 3 seats raw for myself but the armrests were not going up so I could not utilize them and lie down to sleep." Pros: "Boarding was efficient and the crew were nice." Cons: "the seating is horrible. it was the tightest seating I've ever experienced." Pros: "Food was great, movie selection too. Everything was great except for I couldn’t really get comfortable to sleep" Cons: "Not sure how to make the seats more comfortable. I have some back issues though. However, some of my travel companions slept right through the flight." Pros: "Like the overall KLM experience" Cons: "Food could have had better quality and the stewardess served it all at once versus in the various courses." Pros: "The crew were really helpful with people who had tight connections because of the delayed flight" Cons: "I wish they had WiFi" Pros: "very attentive crew" Cons: "Only ham sandwiches on offer! I'm not demanding and would have been happy with cheese." Pros: "Friendly staff, great service on board. Way better value and service compared to the tacky Irish competition flying the route. Delta all the way" Pros: "Friendly and efficient crew. Flights were on time if not even early." Pros: "MCR airport Mert & Greet parking was smooth and efficient." Cons: "Flight was delayed 2 hours due to bad weather. Additional baggage payment to Air Baltic did not show up on the KLM system and we had to pay again. Nowhere to address this with Air Baltic even in Tallin. Handlers seem uninterested and refer us to ‘the website to address the issue.....’" Qatar Airways8.2 SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Book cheap flights from New York to Mumbai Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to Mumbai found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/28Sun 3 stops 46h 25mJFK-BOM $326 Search 1/21Sun 3 stops 46h 25mJFK-BOM $331 Search 2/7Wed 1 stopEtihad Airways 28h 10mJFK-BOM $375 Search 1/21Sun 1 stopEtihad Airways 17h 50mJFK-BOM $382 Search 2/21Wed nonstopAir India 14h 10mJFK-BOM $391 Search 2/7Wed nonstopAir India 14h 10mJFK-BOM $392 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopKuwait Airways 21h 45mJFK-BOM $481 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopKuwait Airways 21h 45mJFK-BOM $526 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopDelta 18h 05mJFK-BOM $539 Search 5/23Thu 2 stopsDelta 30h 00mJFK-BOM $548 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineEtihad AirwaysAir IndiaKuwait AirwaysDelta Search by price$330 or less$380 or less$390 or less$530 or less$550 or less Last minute flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Mumbai Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to Mumbai that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopKuwait Airways 21h 45mJFK-BOM 3/5Tue multi-stopKuwait Airways 22h 40mBOM-JFK $915 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopKuwait Airways 21h 45mJFK-BOM 12/18Mon multi-stopKuwait Airways 22h 40mBOM-JFK $916 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopKuwait Airways 21h 45mJFK-BOM 12/19Tue multi-stopKuwait Airways 22h 40mBOM-JFK $923 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 18h 30mJFK-BOM 12/12Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 25h 40mBOM-JFK $965 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 29h 20mJFK-BOM 12/11Mon multi-stopTurkish Airlines 38h 50mBOM-JFK $967 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 29h 05mJFK-BOM 12/11Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 20h 55mBOM-JFK $1,094 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 29h 05mJFK-BOM 12/15Fri multi-stopQatar Airways 28h 30mBOM-JFK $1,133 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAir India 14h 10mJFK-BOM 12/6Wed multi-stopAir India 30h 55mBOM-JFK $1,170 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAir India 39h 10mJFK-BOM 12/5Tue nonstopAir India 15h 40mBOM-JFK $1,202 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEtihad Airways 35h 00mJFK-BOM 12/8Fri multi-stopEtihad Airways 21h 55mBOM-JFK $1,210 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineKuwait AirwaysTurkish AirlinesQatar AirwaysAir IndiaEtihad Airways Search by price$920 or less$970 or less$1,090 or less$1,170 or less$1,210 or less New York John F Kennedy Airport - Mumbai Flights Departure: New York John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)United States Destination: Mumbai (BOM)India Return flight deals: Mumbai - New York John F Kennedy Airport Cabin classes: $1,500 First Class flights to Mumbai $1,220 Business Class flights to Mumbai $1,505 Prem Econ Class flights to Mumbai $649 Economy Class flights to Mumbai Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York John F Kennedy Airport $640Flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Mumbai Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » Mumbai $640Flights to Mumbai, Mumbai Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Mumbai flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Mumbai from New York John F Kennedy Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Mumbai from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.