Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Athens from $397 | (SFO - ATH) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - ATH Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Athens from $397 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Athens These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Athens. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Athens. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Athens?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Athens that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:55 pm - 12:40 pmSFO-ATH 30h 45m1 stop 1:30 pm - 6:05 pmATH-SFO 38h 35m1 stop $463Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 28 - Wed, Mar 6 8:25 pm - 11:40 amSFO-ATH 29h 15m2 stops 9:05 pm - 6:35 pmATH-SFO 31h 30m1 stop $473Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 9 - Sun, Apr 14 4:30 pm - 7:00 pmSFO-ATH 16h 30m1 stop 8:00 am - 6:35 pmATH-SFO 20h 35m1 stop $534British Airways Find Deal Thu, Feb 15 - Mon, Feb 19 1:25 pm - 4:20 pmSFO-ATH 16h 55m1 stop 7:15 am - 2:55 pmATH-SFO 17h 40m1 stop $536United Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 16 - Sun, Feb 18 1:22 pm - 7:00 pmSFO-ATH 19h 38m2 stops 7:25 am - 2:15 pmATH-SFO 16h 50m1 stop $539British Airways Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Jan 25 1:00 pm - 5:55 pmSFO-ATH 18h 55m2 stops 7:05 am - 4:15 pmATH-SFO 19h 10m1 stop $545United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 15 - Thu, Feb 22 8:35 pm - 12:50 amSFO-ATH 18h 15m1 stop 12:55 pm - 7:45 pmATH-SFO 15h 50m1 stop $643Lufthansa Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Tue, Mar 12 1:25 pm - 12:50 amSFO-ATH 25h 25m2 stops 12:55 pm - 7:45 pmATH-SFO 15h 50m1 stop $647Lufthansa Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Tue, Mar 12 7:25 pm - 3:30 pmSFO-ATH 35h 05m1 stop 10:35 am - 4:35 pmATH-SFO 16h 00m1 stop $676Turkish Airlines Find Deal Tue, Mar 26 - Thu, Apr 4 7:15 pm - 2:45 amSFO-ATH 21h 30m1 stop 3:50 am - 4:35 pmATH-SFO 22h 45m1 stop $683Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Apr 10 - Thu, Apr 18 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Athens - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Athens to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Francisco to Athens? The average price of all flights from San Francisco to Athens clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Athens on a Sunday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Monday is the most expensive day to fly from San Francisco to Athens. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Thursday and avoiding Saturdays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Athens? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Athens is January, where tickets cost $641 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,644 and $1,581 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Athens? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Athens, you should book around 5 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 19 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Athens? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, KLM offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $397. KAYAK users also found San Francisco to Athens round-trip flights on Scandinavian Airlines from $463 and on ITA Airways from $530. How long does a flight from San Francisco to Athens take? There are no direct flights from San Francisco to Athens. The quickest journey takes 15h 40m. Good to know Low season January High season September Cheapest flight $397 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 38% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 2% lower on average. Flight from San Francisco to Athens When to book flights from San Francisco to Athens Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Athens based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Francisco to Athens What are some good hotels near San Francisco International Airport (SFO)? If you are jetting off to Athens early in the morning, get a room close to the airline hub to be on time. The Grand Hyatt is close by and is connected to SFO by the AirTrain. Other nearby hotels with hotel shuttles include The Westin San Francisco Airport and Hyatt Regency SFO Airport. Where can I rent a car at the airport in Athens? If you are 21 and armed with the necessary documents, procuring a rental car at ATH won’t be a problem. Big rental agencies like Avis, SIXT, Europcar, and Enterprise have counters within the Main Terminal’s Arrivals Hall close to the baggage claim area. You will then proceed to pick up your automobile at the parking lot. What are the inter-terminal transfer options at San Francisco International Airport? The airport in San Francisco boasts four terminals (International, 1, 2, and 3) plus seven concourses (A - G) with 115 gates. Passengers who wish to roam between the terminals should utilize the AirTrain. The AirTrain Station in Terminals 1 and 2 are on Level 3, while the International Terminal has a station close to Gates A and G. What transport options are from Athens International Airport Eleftherios Venizelos (ATH) to downtown? Getting to downtown Athens from ATH is hassle-free thanks to buses, the metro, and taxis that serve the airport. Taxis are on the Arrivals Level, close to Gate 2’s exit. The metro station is across the airport, and an airbridge connects them. The bus stop is close to Gates 4 and 5 on the arrivals level. Does San Francisco International Airport offer any support services for those with limited mobility? Accessing services at SFO will not be a hassle for limited mobility passengers transiting through the airline hub as it has incorporated accessible designs on its premises. Companion care washrooms are found in Terminal 1 on Level 2 and close to Gate B13. TTY telephones for hard-of-hearing commuters are found in the Departures of all terminals. Be sure to outline your particular needs to your airline when making reservations. Are there any eco-friendly airlines flying this route? Roughly 10,886 lbs. of carbon is emitted on flights from San Francisco to Athens, with double-stop flights being eco-friendlier than single layover trips. If you want to be more environmentally responsible on your journey, book flights with Delta or Austrian Airlines. They release 29% and 28% less carbon, respectively. Are nonstop flights from San Francisco Airport to Eleftherios Venizelos Airport available? Depending on the airline you choose, you can either have one or two layovers before landing at Eleftherios Venizelos airport. Does San Francisco Airport have parking lots? San Francisco has several parking lots and garages where travelers flying out of the airport can leave their vehicles for a couple of days or weeks. The long-term parking garage charges around $25 per day. Other options include domestic and international parking garages, which charge around $36 per day. Which transportation means can I use from downtown San Francisco to San Francisco Airport? One convenient transportation means, which will also help you avoid traffic, is the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART). The train takes around 30min to reach the airport’s international terminal from downtown Francisco. The train charges approximately $10 for a one-way ticket. Does Eleftherios Venizelos Airport have a hotel? Eleftherios Venizelos Airport has one hotel, the grand Sofitel Athens Airport hotel, which provides cozy accommodation to tired travelers landing at the airport. It takes approximately 2min to walk from the airport’s main terminal to the hotel, which offers great amenities like a spa, pool, gym, and restaurants. Is San Francisco Airport family-friendly? San Francisco Airport has several facilities and services to cater to the needs of families. Families get baggage assistance as they travel through the airport. Car seat rentals are also available at the airport travel agency. There are kid’s spots where kids can play and nurseries in T1, T3, and T2. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Athens? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Athens from San Francisco. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Athens? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Athens? SkyTeam, Star Alliance, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between San Francisco and Athens, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Athens from San Francisco? Istanbul is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from San Francisco to Athens. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Athens, SWISS or Turkish Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Athens are SWISS and Turkish Airlines. With an average price for the route of $1,183 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Turkish Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $948 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Athens? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Athens. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Athens? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Athens from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Athens? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Athens with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and ATH can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Athens? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Athens from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to Athens SFO serves as the base for Alaska Airlines and United Airlines. Consider flying from San Francisco to Athens with United Airlines as they offer daily single-layover flights on this route. If you want recommendations on dining options, hotels, and sightseeing tours once you arrive at ATH, consider using a travel agency. Aktina Travel Group has a counter at the Arrival’s Landside. If you are bringing your pet to Athens, you will be happy to know that SFO is animal-friendly. Pet-relief areas are in Terminal 1, close to Gates B6, and in Terminal 2, D Gates. Travelers looking to fly to Athens Eleftherios Venizelos Airport (ATH) from San Francisco Airport (SFO) can book flights with Lufthansa, United Airlines, Delta Air Lines, KLM, Turkish Airlines, American Airlines, Brussels Airlines, and British Airways. San Francisco Airport has multiple lounges that provide a tranquil and relaxing atmosphere for travelers waiting for flights. One great lounge, the Centurion Lounge in T3, is accessible upon purchasing a day pass for around $50. The lounge offers refreshments, workstations, showers, and a family room. Travelers arriving at Eleftherios Venizelos Airport can get to Athens city onboard metro line 3, which takes approximately 50min to reach Central Railway Station, also known as Larissa. The metro charges around €10 ($12) for the one-way trip. When you find yourself with extra time to kill as you wait for your flight at San Francisco Airport, be sure to check out some of its outstanding art exhibits like the massive mosaic tile mural in boarding area B or the architectural bronze tubing in T1. Eleftherios Venizelos Airport ensures those with special needs and disabilities have an easy time with facilities like adapted walkways, braille signage, accessible restrooms, text telephones, tactile flooring, and electric cars to help transport disabled travelers from one terminal to another. In case you would like to temporarily store your luggage as you wait for your flight at San Francisco Airport, you can leave your baggage at the airport travel agency located on the departures level of the airport’s international terminal. Storage costs range anywhere between $15 and $35 for 24h. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Athens See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Athens. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Athens? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9112 reviews 77entertainment 82overall 82boarding 78comfort 86crew 79food Airline reviews Pros: "Nothing. There was no flight. The flight was cancelled and you did not notify us. We found it out ourselves by accident. We tried to contact you guys but we could not call or anything other. You guys suck" Cons: "Notify your customers when the flight is cancelled. Thats the least you can do. Very unprofessional"Read more about SWISS Pros: "Nothing. There was no flight. The flight was cancelled and you did not notify us. We found it out ourselves by accident. We tried to contact you guys but we could not call or anything other. You guys suck" Cons: "Notify your customers when the flight is cancelled. Thats the least you can do. Very unprofessional" Cons: "The sitting was so very small, I never traveled so crumpled." Pros: "Crew were great" Cons: "Cabin kept very hot, very difficult to sleep. Seats were so-so comfortable" Pros: "Orderly boarding process. Considerate reseating when bulkhead with extra legroom were not usable." Pros: "The crew was amazingly efficient serving food and drink. In the recline position the seat bottom extended which was far more comfortable than simply reclining." Cons: "The food was mediocre and the selection of movies was very limited." Pros: "Smooth transfer from Terminal 3 to the International Terminal. Great airport. Easy boarding, friendly crew and very smooth flight." Cons: "I was very happy with my flight experience with Swiss." Pros: "The seat was ok, I paid $ 115 per Trip ( total of $ 230) just to sit at the emergency exit to have some leg room and then I am sitting next to the bathroom and people stepping on my feet because they tend to hang out around the bathroom." Cons: "The flight attendant not wearing perfume. Food was very poor to say the least." Pros: "The food was great. The service is excellent. Swiss Air gets an A+." Cons: "Did NOT know ticket was economy light!!!! I WAS UPSET WE HAD TO PAY BAGGAGE FEE!!!!" Pros: "Flight attendants were cheerful and efficient." Cons: "I'm not a terribly large person, but there is zero room in economy. When the person in front of me put her seat back the screen was literally 6 inches from my face." Cons: "My monitor isn’t really working after rebooted. And the audio hole wasn’t tight enough" Pros: "Terrible seats! It keeps getting worse." Cons: "Timing of leaving the airport! It was delayed and I missed my international flight" Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "Flew us safely home." Cons: "We waiting on the runway for over a long period." Pros: "Food was unexpectedly good." Cons: "The flight was delayed for 40 minutes. We could hardly catch connecting flight" Pros: "Food was good, boarding was fast and efficient" Cons: "Smallest seats I’ve seen in a while. Very uncomfortable. Still haven’t announced baggage carousel but that’s jfk for ya. WiFi didn’t work on flight either." Pros: "Good movies and tv selection. Seat next to me was empty, so that was great." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Call back service was best part." Cons: "Booked ticket through venture card points. This meant that the email address and phone number to contact us in the event of changes was mediocre information. I was informed from Tripit that the flight was delayed, not by Delta. Reservation personnel took logical course of action to find new flight for connection that we could make because of delayed initial flight. I would recommend that they first see if there is an earlier initial flight that the customer could make, then look at finding later connecting flights. We found out about delay 8 hours prior, so we had plenty of time to get to the airport earlier. Total delay required me to take additional day off of work." Pros: "Everyone was really nice and responsive." Cons: "Seats are a little older. Not as comfortable as other flights. But not bad." Cons: "Delta airlines has very poor costumer service. THE WORST I HAVE EXPERIENCED. I wasn't the only one feeling this way, I witness a couple people fighting on the phone like me. When my 1st flight was delayed I asked to be rebooked then and the delta employee insisted that I would make my connection. I didn't make it. This is not all. I could have gotten to a near city several hours after but on the same day, but the mediocrecy of this employes did not allow me to get there until the next day at 7 am. Happy new year to me. This two women (or one of them) on the phone, lied to me. There was an option to get me here and one of them failed to do their job right AND LIED TO MY FACE ON THE PHONE. Just unacceptable. I will sue them, I had an under age waiting for me in Cancun and a pet with me!. With no food or access to do its necessities. AND THERE WAS AN OPTION THAT "they missed" on porpuse." Cons: "The aircraft arrived late in Istanbul for the connecting flight to Egypt causing us to miss out flight which made us wait 5+ hours in the airport which was a huge inconvenience." Pros: "Food" Cons: "Plane is old, seats are economy in business class. Dont fly business no need tonpay extra" Pros: "Food and entertainment was great." Cons: "Delayed at origin and layover. Crew was a bit hard to track down at times." Cons: "The booking experience was exceptionally bad. Never again through you." Pros: "Excellent service and food. Good selection of movies. Great overall experience." Cons: "Crying baby and squealing toddler." Pros: "Food Free wine and drinks Good movie selection Good headphones Good and nice team" Cons: "Istanbul Airport: Overcrowding at Arrival / Transit Terminal Way finding-poor signage for transit passengers" Pros: "The service was excellent and the staff was so professional and nice" Cons: "Flight to Istanbul was fine. The flight back was a terrible experience! During our connecting flight in Athens our boarding passes wouldn't print at the self service computers and there was no one to help us so we had to go back out to the front desk. The airline representative was extremely rude. There was 5 employees standing around the computer with NO customers and when we asked if this was Turkish Airlines and if they could help, the woman (manager) responded "this WAS Turkish Airlines" as if they were done helping customers for the day (it was 9AM and our flight was leaving in 45 min). We explained that we couldn't print our passes and she ROLLED her eyes as if it was an inconvenience to help us. THEN on our flight from Istanbul to Chicago, a passenger died an hour into the flight and they placed the body on the seats behind us for over 10 hours! Nobody even told us what happened! We didn't know if they died from natural causes or if it was something else! They didn't offer to seat us somewhere else or even inform us they were placing the body there. We were completely shocked and uncomfortable the whole flight home. We couldn't eat or sleep. We're completely disgusted and scarred from this overall experience." Pros: "Good connection from SFO to TLV. Good service good food" Cons: "No problem" All and all pretty good. It’s crowded but that is what flying is all about. But no complaints otherwise. Well, in my case; the flight was delayed 1 hour, we have to wait in the plane to get green light. And the plane (probably because was a short trip) did not have entertainment or WiFi. No a good experience. Cons: "No internet available (2020). For the my previous flight, a month ago, was the same problem." Pros: "Planes were on time and connections made." Cons: "One bag delayed as not put on flight and food could be better." Pros: "the crew was wonderful, we got a nice Wrap and water, wine or coffee for free, not all airlines serve it anymore, we were on time and I got whatsapp message with updates of the flight" Pros: "Reclinable seats." Cons: "The food!! The lights could be dimmed as it was a night flight." Pros: "Nice staff and no delay" Cons: "Instead of crisps maybe a bit of cheese or crackers" Cons: "Flight 2 hours delayed, started boarding but had to wait on line 10 more minutes on boarding ramp for plane door to be opened, upon landing in Dublin had to wait on tarmac for anther 15 minutes for stairs to arrive and be connected to airplane. Then had to wait another hour for checked luggage...." Pros: "Cabin Crews was extremely good and hospital. Transfer point staff buggy / wheal Chair was good and second to none." Cons: "Transfer point needs upgrade." Cons: "The flight was cancelled and had to be rerouted on United Airlines." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The service with an awful crew !!! Just plain spiteful and arogant even if we flew in Business class" Pros: "In The Austria my flight was terrible couse the official people didn’t help me I was with my baby I needed help for stroller for suitcase or something else just the guys watched me with they sad face , they didn’t was nice with me !!!" Cons: "I don’t know I was nervous in Austria just I need to tell you for Washington it was the nice trip to Washington from Washington I had just better thiothere" Pros: "Nothing at all." Cons: "Couldn’t get on the flight due to two cancellations of prior connecting flights. Utterly, totally unacceptable - and no explanation of why." Cons: "You sold wrong tickets to customers. I booked economy tickets but I got Econony lite ticket. Had to pay extra charges. You shouldn’t make money to sell lower class tickets as regular." Pros: "The crew and the service was excellent. Dinner was excellent. The hot breakfast never came. We were served a roll and one small cup of coffee with no refills. That was my only complaint. On a long overseas flight I think a hot breakfast would have been better than a roll." Cons: "They overbooked the flight which delayed boarding but the flight was on time." Pros: "Very good drink service (one cold and one hot drink)" Pros: "Movie selection was good." Cons: "I could not reserve seats via Kayak, through whom the flight was booked. I paid extra for seat reservations, about $30 for a plain economy seats, to Austrian Airlines." Pros: "Plane, pilots and the leader of the crew" Cons: "The flight attendant in the back needs to be more educated" Cons: "Let some people pass first even though they arrived after us and we al had same tickets (or gave preference for no apparent reason), I did tell thecgate agent and he apologized" SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Austrian Airlines7.8 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Athens Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Athens found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/6Wed 1 stopKLM 26h 10mSFO-ATH $397 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopLufthansa 18h 15mSFO-ATH $416 Search 12/6Wed 2 stops 26h 00mSFO-ATH $420 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 30h 45mSFO-ATH $428 Search 12/5Tue 3 stopsUnited Airlines 25h 33mSFO-ATH $430 Search 1/1Mon 2 stopsScandinavian Airlines 30h 25mSFO-ATH $443 Search 4/9Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 23h 38mSFO-ATH $984 Search 12/15Fri 2 stopsAir Canada 20h 55mSFO-ATH $1,133 Search 12/14Thu 2 stopsDelta 27h 30mSFO-ATH $1,230 Search 12/14Thu 2 stopsDelta 27h 30mSFO-ATH $1,609 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineKLMLufthansaScandinavian AirlinesUnited AirlinesAir CanadaDelta Search by price$420 or less$430 or less$440 or less$1,130 or less$1,610 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Athens Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Athens that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 16h 30mSFO-ATH 12/11Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 20h 35mATH-SFO $555 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 23h 43mSFO-ATH 12/11Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 33h 50mATH-SFO $558 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 18h 15mSFO-ATH 12/19Tue multi-stopLufthansa 15h 55mATH-SFO $563 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 23h 43mSFO-ATH 12/11Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 24h 59mATH-SFO $567 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 18h 15mSFO-ATH 12/19Tue multi-stopLufthansa 21h 09mATH-SFO $573 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 18h 50mSFO-ATH 12/19Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 25h 56mATH-SFO $590 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 25h 25mSFO-ATH 12/19Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 20h 16mATH-SFO $676 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopITA Airways 26h 05mSFO-ATH 12/24Sun multi-stopITA Airways 24h 02mATH-SFO $683 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopTurkish Airlines 15h 50mSFO-ATH 12/18Mon multi-stopTurkish Airlines 23h 20mATH-SFO $1,688 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopTurkish Airlines 15h 40mSFO-ATH 12/23Sat multi-stopTurkish Airlines 23h 20mATH-SFO $2,035 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineBritish AirwaysAmerican AirlinesLufthansaUnited AirlinesITA AirwaysTurkish Airlines Search by price$560 or less$570 or less$590 or less$680 or less$2,040 or less San Francisco - Athens Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: Athens (ATH)Greece Return flight deals: Athens - San Francisco Cabin classes: First Class flights to Athens Business Class flights to Athens Prem Econ Class flights to Athens Economy Class flights to Athens Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $463Flights from San Francisco to Athens Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Greece » Athens $463Flights to Athens, Athens Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Athens flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Athens from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Athens from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.