Cheap Flights to Florida from $25 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights to Florida from $25 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Florida ...and more Latest Florida Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULAROrlando From Philadelphia Nonstop from $33 Search Flights Miami From Newark Nonstop from $55 Search Flights From Boston Nonstop from $68 Search Flights From Chicago Nonstop from $66 Search Flights Fort Lauderdale From Philadelphia Nonstop from $48 Search Flights From Newark 1 stop from $70 Search Flights From Chicago Nonstop from $66 Search Flights Tampa From Detroit Nonstop from $52 Search Flights From Boston 1 stop from $70 Search Flights From Chicago 1 stop from $76 Search Flights Fort Myers From Detroit Nonstop from $58 Search Flights From Minneapolis Nonstop from $58 Search Flights From Chicago Nonstop from $62 Search Flights Jacksonville From Philadelphia Nonstop from $58 Search Flights From New York Nonstop from $138 Search Flights From Boston 1 stop from $162 Search Flights Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $25 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 21% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 13% increase in price. Flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami FAQs - booking Florida flights I’m flying to Florida to visit Disney World in Orlando. What is the best airport? The best airport for those visiting Disney World is the Orlando International Airport, from which you can take the complimentary bus "Disney’s Magical Express" straight to the hotels at the Disney World Resort. The bus must be booked in advance. I’m traveling to Miami. Which airport should I fly into? Miami International Airport (MIA) is the closest to Miami’s city center and is where most major airlines fly into. If your goal is to have a short commute from the airport to the city center, then this airport is the best option, but keep in mind that it’s also one of the busiest airports. Fort Lauderdale/Hollywood International Airport, on the other hand, is smaller and not as crowded, but it has fewer options of airlines that fly there, and it’s a 40m drive to Miami’s city center. I’m taking a cruise from Fort Lauderdale. Which airport should I fly into? Passengers for cruises departing from Port Everglades should fly into Fort Lauderdale/Hollywood International Airport (FLL). Not only is it the closest airport to the cruise ship port and the city center, but the airport partners with the cruise lines to aid passengers in transit from the flight to the cruise. Those services include a cruise line employee who will meet you at baggage claim, as well as transportation to and from the cruise. What’s the closest airport in Florida to the Everglades National Park? The closest airport in Florida to the Everglades National Park is the Miami International Airport 30m away. After arriving at the airport, you can rent a car or book a shuttle service to travel to one of the entrances of the park. The Shark Valley Visitor Center is the entrance to the park closest to the airport (45m). How long is the flight to Florida? An average nonstop flight from the United States to Florida takes 2h 57m, covering a distance of 1132 miles. The most popular route is Newark - Fort Lauderdale with an average flight time of 2h 58m. What is the cheapest flight to Florida? The cheapest ticket to Florida from the United States found in the last 72 hours was $17 one-way, and $34 round-trip. The most popular route is Newark to Fort Lauderdale and the cheapest round-trip airline ticket found on this route in the last 72 hours was $69. Which airlines fly to Florida? American Airlines, Delta & JetBlue fly the most frequently from the United States to Florida. What are the most popular destinations in Florida? The next most popular destinations are Miami (22%) and Orlando (20%). Searches for flights to Tampa (10%), to West Palm Beach (7%) and to Fort Myers (5%) are also popular. How does KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a given destination and date is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Florida Looking for cheap airfare to Florida? 25% of our users found tickets to Florida for the following prices or less: From Boston $121 one-way - $223 round-trip, from Atlanta $171 one-way - $233 round-trip, from Washington, D.C. Reagan-National $171 one-way - $281 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be March and April. The cheapest month to fly from the United States is September. Enter your preferred departure airport and travel dates into the search form above to unlock the latest Florida flight deals. If you’re planning a beach vacation to the Sunshine State, keep in mind when searching for flights to Florida that some airports are closer to the beach than others. Key West International Airport (EYW) is one mile away from the nearest beach. Fort Lauderdale/Hollywood International Airport (FLL) is 3.5 mi from the coast, and Miami International Airport is 12 mi from the famous Miami Beach. If budget is on your mind when planning your trip but you'd like to book your ticket with a major airline, search for flights to Florida that land in Fort Lauderdale/Hollywood International Airport, Tampa International Airport (TPA), or Palm Beach International Airport. Orlando is famous for Disney World, but if you're not traveling to Orlando for the resort, you should consider one of the other two main airports in the city. Those are Orlando Sanford International Airport (SFB) and Orlando Melbourne International Airport (MLB). Keep in mind that both airports serve fewer airlines, most of them operating budget flights. Travelers flying into Florida for Daytona racing events should look for flights to Daytona Beach International Airport (DAB), which will be the closest airport. Alternative airports include Orlando International Airport (MCO) (1h), Orlando Sanford International Airport (1h), and Jacksonville International Airport (JAX) (2h). If you’re planning to travel with your dog to Florida, be aware that dogs are only allowed on specific dog beaches. Top-rated dog beaches include Causeway Islands in Sanibel, Peanut Island in Riviera Beach, and Crescent Beach in Saint Augustine. The closest airports to each one of these beaches are Fort Myers Airport (RSW), Palm Beach International Airport, and Jacksonville International Airport, respectively. See more tips Top 5 airlines flying to FloridaNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from the United States to Florida? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19619 reviews 82overall 78food 82comfort 86crew 79entertainment 83boarding Airline reviews Cons: "It was a 6 hour flight and I didn’t know only 2 snacks and a water were available on the plane until I got to the airport. Almost everything was still closed at the airport. We were quite hungry and thirsty."Read more about JetBlue Cons: "It was a 6 hour flight and I didn’t know only 2 snacks and a water were available on the plane until I got to the airport. Almost everything was still closed at the airport. We were quite hungry and thirsty." Pros: "Fast boarding, avoided an unplanned fuel stop which would have been a really big bummer. Jet blue still beats out every other airline for snacks and seats and space" Cons: "The plane was pretty trashed. Headphone jack and video screen worked only intermittently. Seatback pocket was falling off." Pros: "The price on ticket" Cons: "Improve in flight entertainment . The plane had screens that did not work or had problems with the audio jack . Either they make a WORKING app for in flight entertainment- OR fix the devices of the plane. The plane was boarded one hour late at least, that was very annoying ." Cons: "Horrible communication during flight delays and pilot timing out. Sat at the gate for hours with no communication." Cons: "There was an issue with the booking System. I received a text that my flight was delayed 2 hours then 20 minutes before the original time another text that the flight is now on time. This screwed up the entire trip" Pros: "For this flight the rows are just four seats total, two isle seats and two window seats; that means that there are no dreaded middle seats. The seats are larger and more comfortable than many competitors." Cons: "The flight was delayed for two hours and then once we were on the plane and pulled away from the gate there was a "maintenance issue" so we sat just outside the gate for about 50 mins (bring delay time to three hours). The pilot was a bit worried about weather so there was no snack/drink service." Cons: "I’m so sick of people abusing the overhead bins with their multiple items. It’s your plane, do something about it" Pros: "It was really nice having a USB charger under every seat." Cons: "Our flight was delayed by 2 hours and I was only notified when I had arrived at the airport." Pros: "Great leg room, high speed wifi the entire time, arrived almost an hour early! Fantastic first Jet Blue experience on a brand new A321." Pros: "Seats quite comfortable (not as bad as Primera Air Scandinavia). Smooth takeoff. Smooth ride. Smooth landing. Self service onboard snack machine offering more than descent snacks. Quite nice flight crew. We boarded, departed and landed on time. Well done JetBlue." Cons: "Nothing really. Folks, remember. You get what you pay for (with some exceptions though)." Flight was delayed 2 times, first from 6:30 to 7, then to 8:45 pm (the last flight out). There was almost NO information provided, and the first indication that something was wrong was the posting on the board. Gate attendants scarcely announced it. There was no effort to assist customers in finding other/ earlier flights and the assistance desk was understaffed with a painfully long line. Cons: "There were too many people on the flight. The middle seat was occupied." Pros: "Free entertainment and snack. Customer service was great with my bags and had options for picking up and delivering" Cons: "My bags were not there when I landed" Cons: "If you fly first class your seat should recline. Ridiculous and the reason I go out of my way to make sure I NEVER fly American. Couldn’t avoid it this time and as always American managed to disappoint." Pros: "entertainment, seat space (main cabin extra)" Cons: "meal service more suitable for daily flight (breakfast first and lunch last)" Pros: "Crew was nice and helpful and flight was smooth. The movie made the trip even better." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "The plane got us there safely." Cons: "The crew was basically useless. They hung out in the back not really paying attention or just in the way. One stewardess knocked me in the head when passing through and didn’t even apologize. No one greeted or told goodbye at the end." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "My flight from Madison to Chicago got cancelled and I had to drive for three hors to get to o’ Hare." Pros: "The crew skipped me for breakfast and i had to ask for food." Cons: "The food was not very good. Bread rolls stale and inedible. The rest of the flight was good." Cons: "Cabin was freezing cold. Flight on time. No major issuess" Boarding did not give first class prefernce, ahead of othwr group passengers. Cabin crew were ok, food was mediocre. Pros: "The captain spoke clearly and have good information." Cons: "The flight was fully packed during this Covid time. There was zero social distancing in place." Cons: "Counter at Asheville, point of origin for the flight, was unattended at recommended arrival time. Attendant, when he finally appeared, seemed, to this traveler at least, unengaged, abrupt, even rude, certainly not as welcoming and helpful ad other UA counter attendants at busier airports and at more demanding times. The word lazy comes to mind. The same individual handled the gate. His demeanor there was similar. If it is UA policy to leave counters unattended, an explanation should be posted; if present policy requires one individual to handle counter and gate duties, perhaps more help is needed. This experience, all the more frustrating when a passenger ruses early so as to comply with recommended arrival and boarding times, combined with the fact that the incoming flight significantly delayed AVL to Washington depart setting the tone for a mostly mediocre experience crowned by a painful trek from terminal A to terminal C to catch the connection to PVD. Not a best effort by UA. Outstanding flight and cabin crews saved the day." Pros: "The seats are very comfortable." Cons: "The Newark security people were ridiculously rude. The flight was delayed due to mismanagement of the gates, and yet they yelled as us, the folks standing in line (and not making a ruckus). The flight attendants seemed bored and were inattentive." Pros: "Fatal crew attitude and discomfort seats, really reduced seat space." Pros: "Flight left on time and arrived almost 30 minutes early." Cons: "The general shrinking size of airplane seats is ridiculous. And one of the restrooms was not locking properly." Pros: "Nothinb" Cons: "Awful experience. Flight was delayed two hours, employees are rude and we got NOTHING on flight" Pros: "Stroopwaffles, TVs" Cons: "They made me check my bag which was ridiculous. It’s been on numerous flights and was smaller than any other bag in the overhead bins" Pros: "Jet Plane" Cons: "No entertainment. No charging point for personal device in today's age. Seats that can't get any smaller, yet, still does. Seats that barely recline and yet have to be brought upright during take-off and landing. Maybe common theme between airlines, but, it stands out. Salty pretzels probably the poorest choice for free handout snacks. No choice of course." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I couldn't make my trip because of work. Therefore had to cancel but Lufthansa would not provide refund so I had a wasted ticket. Not happy" Pros: "Flight was on time and crew were good." Cons: "Seats are an absolute nightmare for anyone over 6 foot. Horrible comfort and have to book my chiropractor in short order." Pros: "The flight wasn’t booked full and passengers were able to move seats and be spaced apart!" Pros: "Air crew were attentive and courteous" Cons: "It’s a budget airline, so I didn’t expect a lot of creature comforts" Pros: "The crew was great. In a good mood and accommodated my requests. (For complimentary water and a trading card to remember my trip)" Cons: "Seat was awfully uncomfortable. I’m only a slim built 5’9” woman and my knees were indenting the next seatback. And the aisle was too busy for me but that could have been fixed with paying for a window. I do not recommend flying in these economy seats for any longer than 2.5 hours." Pros: "Easy boarding" Cons: "FREEEEEEEEZING on the plane so some of us asked for them to turn up the temp but they never did. So cold I pulled out all my clothes and wore them." Pros: "Being able to get my Marine home for the Holidays at a great price" Cons: "Ridiculously long way to the gate..." Cons: "One hour delay due to broken armrest. Seats were uncomfortable. Last week we had a 4 hour delay and had to stay in an airport hotel as the car rental was closed when we landed at 2 am. There were no updates from the airline." Pros: "Cost of ticket. Direct flights" Cons: "Nothing really to dislike. Frontier is a discount airline, no frills and this is great if you just want a ride to wherever they go." Pros: "Crews are very polite & Helpful!" Cons: "You needs to paying for soft drink! Have to paid $40 buck for small carry on!" Pros: "Price" Cons: "I like to get to the airport early. It's always a gamble with what the TSA lines will be. So extra time get through and enjoy some food with no rush. Had to wait for over a hour just to check on our bag." Pros: "Seats were close the front" Cons: "Due to that fact that Covid-19 is present and we have to wear masks and stay six feet apart... I feel that he flights should not have been full... how can u stay six feet from someone who u don’t know is covid free when u are sitting on top of each other... Orlando airport is the worst airport I’ve ever been to.. they only had a limited amount of restaurants to feed a overcrowded airport... spirit airlines is the worst airline of all and I will never fly with them again... they changed my direct flight from Baltimore to new Orleans to Baltimore to Orlando then to New Orleans with no warning.. that was was very unprofessional... I definitely do not recommend to fly spirit ever again... I will still use kayak in the future for travel" Pros: "The price, the crew was fairly nice, and the boarding process was fairly fast" Cons: "You save on comfort, if comfort is a big deal then shop elsewhere. There are no seat recliners, a small tray, and if there is a child behind you then you WILL feel every toe on their foot as they kick your seat. There just isn't the space, they are cramped up, you are cramped up, it's just little to no space." Cons: "The air plane was late by three hours and nobody including the crew or the pilot seem to know why the aircraft was late." Pros: "Flight was cheap, on time, and run by good flight attendants." Cons: "Tickets were booked through Kayak’s partner Flightnetwork.com: shady, terrible reviews on Yelp made me wonder whether I would actually get to my destination with all my money). Ultimately, FN overcharged me 30 dollars and lied to me in writing about the charges after I called to complain. I’m having my bank reverse the charges since FN won’t. Can’t believe Kayak would send us to them, and this seriously undermined my opinion of Kayak’s trustworthiness." Pros: "Available on the dates and time needed." Cons: "They nickel and dime you to death - charge you separately for everything." Pros: "Got a direct flight for a great price." Cons: "I would like to have chargers for electronics. Luggage weight limits are 40lbs which was slightly obnoxious." Pros: "Flight was good, on time, no issues." Cons: "Parents right behind us that didn't stop their kids from using the trays as a toy and slamming it against my seat the entire time and standing up in their seats. Very loud and disruptive too. Do wish the flight attendants would help out in that situation. It was quite obvious to all the people around us." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They delayed the fly without informing their passengers and I'm walking around with a boarding pass that stated that the flight was leaving at 2:10pm meantime real time of departure was 3:55pm then when I asked one of the associates gave me a very nasty attitude also she even told me that everybody from New York and New Jersey where nasty. Folks do not fly with the spirit I'm telling you, you will regret it they don't even have TVs on the airplanes and they will make you pay for water, in fact so bad that I will create a yelp account just to let the world know how horrible spirit airline Is" Pros: "The crew was having so much fun and was so friendly to the patrons, I was genuinely surprised. Thanks Spirit!" Pros: "Can't say I liked anything because I never got on my flight." Cons: "Five other people and I were unable to board our flight from las vegas to seattle because we received numerous notifications that our flight was delayed, and we were all sitting at the gate at least and hour, one group 3 hours before departure, and did not hear the announcement for boarding because the flight decided to leave 30minutes earlier than we were told. When I went to check in, the plane was still attached, but the attendant would not let me on the flight. Further, this airline does not accommodate for arrangements since the next flight isn't until the next day, and the next flight the day after that. Missing this flight would not be so frustrating, had this airline not only had one flight per day, and we're on standby, we don't know if we will be able to board, we may be stranded for days. So moral of the story, you get what you pay for, and I'm now willing to pay and extra $100 for a more reliable airline so i don't get charged for every little thing and receive better service. This is not the staff's fault; they were all very friendly, this is a corporate issue." JetBlue8.1 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book Cheap Florida Plane Tickets Recent one-way flight deals 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 3h 06mLGA-MIA $25 Search 12/14Thu 1 stopSpirit Airlines 5h 41mBWI-FLL $28 Search 3/19Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 20mLGA-FLL $64 Search 3/12Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 12mEWR-MIA $64 Search 1/24Wed nonstopDelta 3h 14mJFK-MIA $64 Search 1/10Wed nonstopDelta 3h 09mJFK-FLL $64 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 25mLGA-PBI $77 Search 3/19Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 03mEWR-FLL $79 Search 12/9Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 17mLGA-FLL $96 Search 2/1Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 11mEWR-MIA $109 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$60 or less$60 or less$80 or less$110 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 1/9Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 14mEWR-MIA 1/10Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 07mMIA-EWR $55 Search 1/30Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 16mLGA-MCO 2/6Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 36mMCO-LGA $58 Search 1/23Tue nonstopDelta 3h 14mJFK-MIA 1/30Tue nonstopDelta 3h 10mMIA-JFK $128 Search 1/16Tue nonstopDelta 3h 14mJFK-FLL 1/30Tue nonstopDelta 2h 53mFLL-JFK $128 Search 1/9Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 04mJFK-FLL 1/14Sun nonstopJetBlue 2h 57mFLL-JFK $133 Search 1/9Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 57mLGA-MCO 1/16Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 42mMCO-LGA $138 Search 2/21Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 15mJFK-MIA 2/27Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 00mMIA-JFK $151 Search 1/6Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 20mJFK-MIA 1/10Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 03mMIA-JFK $153 Search 3/14Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 17mEWR-MIA 3/19Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 56mMIA-EWR $207 Search 2/17Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 4h 44mEWR-MCO 2/21Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 46mMCO-EWR $237 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaJetBlueAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$60 or less$130 or less$140 or less$150 or less$240 or less Last minute flights to Florida Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 22mLGA-MCO 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 39mMCO-LGA $73 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 6h 22mLGA-MCO 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 57mMCO-LGA $74 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 06mLGA-MIA 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 10mMIA-LGA $75 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 06mLGA-MIA 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 10mMIA-LGA $77 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 10mEWR-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopJetBlue 3h 04mMIA-EWR $172 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 08mJFK-FLL 12/9Sat nonstopJetBlue 2h 55mFLL-JFK $172 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 52mJFK-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 18mFLL-JFK $188 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 08mJFK-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 44mFLL-JFK $193 Search 12/2Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 14mEWR-MIA 1/4Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 09mMIA-EWR $227 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 09mEWR-MIA 12/8Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 10mMIA-EWR $235 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierJetBlueAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$70 or less$80 or less$170 or less$190 or less$240 or less Flights to Florida Return flight deals: Florida - United States Cabin classes: $57 First Class flights to Florida $319 Business Class flights to Florida $133 Prem Econ Class flights to Florida $32 Economy Class flights to Florida Browse origins: Flights » United States $39Flights from Alabama to Florida $381Flights from Alaska to Florida $97Flights from Arizona to Florida $75Flights from Arkansas to Florida $52Flights from California to Florida $88Flights from Colorado to Florida $77Flights from Connecticut to Florida Flights from Daytona Beach to Florida $75Flights from District of Columbia to Florida Flights from Florida Keys to Florida Flights from Fort Lauderdale to Florida Flights from Fort Myers to Florida Flights from Gainesville to Florida $35Flights from Georgia to Florida $325Flights from Hawaii to Florida $83Flights from Idaho to Florida $52Flights from Illinois to Florida $40Flights from Indiana to Florida $77Flights from Iowa to Florida Flights from Jacksonville to Florida $115Flights from Kansas to Florida $42Flights from Kentucky to Florida Flights from Key West to Florida $40Flights from Louisiana to Florida $98Flights from Maine to Florida $35Flights from Maryland to Florida $65Flights from Massachusetts to Florida Flights from Melbourne, Florida to Florida Flights from Miami to Florida $52Flights from Michigan to Florida $71Flights from Minnesota to Florida $89Flights from Mississippi to Florida $60Flights from Missouri to Florida $255Flights from Montana to Florida $97Flights from Nebraska to Florida $81Flights from Nevada to Florida $65Flights from New Hampshire to Florida $34Flights from New Jersey to Florida $131Flights from New Mexico to Florida $49Flights from New York State to Florida $31Flights from North Carolina to Florida $178Flights from North Dakota to Florida $38Flights from Ohio to Florida $97Flights from Oklahoma to Florida $93Flights from Oregon to Florida Flights from Orlando Airport to Florida Flights from Panama City, Florida to Florida $34Flights from Pennsylvania to Florida Flights from Pensacola to Florida Flights from Philadelphia to Florida $78Flights from Rhode Island to Florida Flights from Sarasota to Florida $31Flights from South Carolina to Florida $160Flights from South Dakota to Florida Flights from Tallahassee to Florida Flights from Tampa to Florida $38Flights from Tennessee to Florida $38Flights from Texas to Florida $90Flights from Utah to Florida Flights from Valparaiso, Florida to Florida $138Flights from Vermont to Florida $38Flights from Virginia to Florida $80Flights from Washington to Florida Flights from West Palm Beach to Florida $58Flights from West Virginia to Florida $76Flights from Wisconsin to Florida $88Flights from Wyoming to Florida Flights from Yellowstone National Park to Florida View more Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida $35Flights to Boca Raton, Florida $38Flights to Bradenton, Florida Flights to Cape Canaveral, Florida $38Flights to Cape Coral, Florida $38Flights to Clearwater Beach, Florida $38Flights to Clearwater, Florida Flights to Cocoa Beach, Florida $157Flights to Daytona Beach, Florida $35Flights to Delray Beach, Florida $554Flights to Destin, Florida $35Flights to Florida Keys, Florida $35Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Florida $38Flights to Fort Myers Beach, Florida $38Flights to Fort Myers, Florida $77Flights to Fort Walton Beach, Florida $164Flights to Gainesville, Florida $35Flights to Islamorada, Florida $68Flights to Jacksonville, Florida $35Flights to Key Largo, Florida $124Flights to Key West, Florida Flights to Kissimmee, Florida $35Flights to Marco Island, Florida $75Flights to Melbourne, Florida, Florida $35Flights to Miami Beach, Florida $35Flights to Miami, Florida $858Flights to Naples, Florida, Florida Flights to New Smyrna Beach, Florida Flights to Ocala, Florida $31Flights to Orlando, Florida $177Flights to Panama City Beach, Florida $177Flights to Panama City, Florida, Florida $50Flights to Pensacola Beach, Florida $50Flights to Pensacola, Florida $35Flights to Pompano Beach, Florida $35Flights to Port St. Lucie, Florida $88Flights to Punta Gorda, Florida $177Flights to Rosemary Beach, Florida $58Flights to Sarasota, Florida $58Flights to Siesta Key, Florida $38Flights to Southwest Florida, Florida $138Flights to Tallahassee, Florida $38Flights to Tampa, Florida $75Flights to Tampa, Florida $77Flights to Valparaiso, Florida, Florida Flights to Vero Beach, Florida $53Flights to West Palm Beach, Florida View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Florida flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Florida from anywhere in United States. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Florida from anywhere in United States. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.