Cheap Flights from Dallas Fort Worth to Orlando from $29 | (DFW - ORL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/27. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Orlando. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Orlando. How much is the cheapest flight from Dallas to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dallas to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:37 am - 12:22 pmDFW-MCO 2h 45mnonstop 9:40 pm - 11:53 pmMCO-DFW 3h 13mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Tue, Jan 9 3:40 pm - 7:27 pmDFW-MCO 2h 47mnonstop 8:44 pm - 10:53 pmMCO-DFW 3h 09mnonstop $62Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Tue, Jan 9 9:40 am - 1:26 pmDFW-MCO 2h 46mnonstop 8:44 pm - 10:53 pmMCO-DFW 3h 09mnonstop $63Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 5:30 am - 9:14 amDFW-MCO 2h 44mnonstop 9:46 pm - 11:59 pmMCO-DFW 3h 13mnonstop $64 Find Deal Wed, Jan 3 - Thu, Jan 11 8:37 am - 12:22 pmDFW-MCO 2h 45mnonstop 12:59 pm - 3:15 pmMCO-DFW 3h 16mnonstop $65Frontier Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Fri, Jan 12 5:30 am - 9:14 amDFW-MCO 2h 44mnonstop 7:50 am - 2:20 pmMCO-DFW 7h 30m1 stop $66Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Wed, Jan 10 9:00 am - 12:44 pmDFW-MCO 2h 44mnonstop 1:49 pm - 4:02 pmMCO-DFW 3h 13mnonstop $67Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Tue, Jan 30 12:59 am - 4:43 amDFW-MCO 2h 44mnonstop 9:50 pm - 12:03 amMCO-DFW 3h 13mnonstop $68Frontier Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Wed, Jan 10 12:59 am - 4:43 amDFW-MCO 2h 44mnonstop 4:27 pm - 9:35 pmMCO-DFW 6h 08m1 stop $69 Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Tue, Jan 9 5:30 am - 9:14 amDFW-MCO 2h 44mnonstop 12:59 pm - 3:15 pmMCO-DFW 3h 16mnonstop $71 Find Deal Wed, Jan 3 - Fri, Jan 12 Show more results Flights from Dallas to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dallas to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando cost $30 and was between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Orlando Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $61. What is the cheapest month to fly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando is September, where tickets cost $143 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are November and March, where the average cost of tickets is $265 and $260 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Frontier offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $29. KAYAK users also found Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando round-trip flights on Frontier from $58 and on Spirit Airlines from $62. Which airlines fly most frequently between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Orlando? American Airlines connects Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando up to 8 flights per day, followed by Spirit Airlines (2 flights per day), and Frontier (one flight per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Orlando? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando. They are: American Airlines, Frontier and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $58 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Orlando per day? Each day, there are between 8 and 15 nonstop flights that take off from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and land in Orlando, with an average flight time of 2h 34m. The most common departure time is 9:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Orlando Airport. Each week, there are 82 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Orlando? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando take? Direct flights cover the 976 miles separating Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando in about 2h 39m. What’s the earliest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport at 12:29 am and will be landing in Orlando at 4:15 am. What’s the latest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando jets off at 9:01 pm and lands at 12:48 am. Good to know Low season February High season March Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 20% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 32% increase in price. Flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando Airport When to book flights from Dallas to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dallas to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando flights Do I need a passport to fly between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Orlando? A passport is required to fly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando flight route: American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Delta, Iberia, JetBlue, PSA Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, and Breeze Airways. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando? The Boeing 737-700 Passenger/BBJ1 (winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Orlando. On which days can I fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando? There are nonstop flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Dallas to Orlando, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Dallas to Orlando are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $332 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $378 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando with an airline and back to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Dallas to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $65 or less one-way and $128 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Dallas/Fort Worth to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Dallas/Fort Worth to Orlando Search Flights Monday American Airlines, British Airways, Frontier, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 Wednesday American Airlines, British Airways, Frontier, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Thursday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 Friday American Airlines, British Airways, Frontier, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Saturday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 Sunday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Dallas/Fort Worth Search Flights Monday American Airlines, British Airways, Frontier, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 Wednesday American Airlines, British Airways, Frontier, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Thursday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 Friday American Airlines, British Airways, Frontier, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Saturday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 Sunday American Airlines, British Airways, Finnair, +6 more American Airlines, British Airways, +7 more 5 6 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Dallas to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Dallas to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dallas to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29954 reviews 78comfort 75food 85crew 81overall 78entertainment 81boarding Airline reviews Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible"Read more about Delta Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Pros: "The crew was great and the service was quick and very nice." Cons: "It sounds weird but I didn’t know which window was mine so I had one shut and the one in front of me shut during the flight." Cons: "We were already very delayed, the flight crew was not nice" Pros: "The comfort the professionalism of the staff everywhere I went" Cons: "Little pricey on rental and hotel." Pros: "The flight left on time and landed 15 mins early. Staff was nice and attentive." Cons: "The organization for boarding in zones." Cons: "We had to wait at the customs for nearly 1.5hrs, then pick up our luggage, then check in again!!! We were running and got on the plane 10 mins before the departure. Super stressful!!" Pros: "I think they flew so fast. We could land almost on time even though we departed a hour late. Airplane was new and clean." Cons: "Boarding was chaos. They overbooked 25? 45? Anyway, they are in panic. They tried to request ppl to take next day flight by giving away 300 gift card etc. the ppl who were told there are no seats upset and arguing at the gate. Flight was delayed for one hour. Once we are on airplane, they are still shuffling seats around, so ppl cannot move forward. Just standing there for 10mins waiting for things to settle. Flight attendants did not give us a headphone. (I have a headphone for iPhone X so I could not connect it to their entertaiment system.)" Pros: "Everything went as smoothly as possible. Not a hiccup. Great price, great flight, great experience!" Pros: "Mobile entertainment was great and the crew was lovely." Cons: "Our flight was delayed, which is a understandable part of travel. But what made it worse was that we didn’t have any visibility on our actually departure time. We were first told our flight would be delayed an hour, then the departure time was moved up 40 minutes without any clear messaging. We caught an email from Delta, but if we hadn’t, we might have missed our flight. The plane was also abnormally loud on board, and the air pressure seemed to fluctuate throughout the flight, making the experience uncomfortable." Pros: "Check in was easy and quick" Cons: "Plane could have been cleaner. Price is ok, but not as good as it seems once you add luggage." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They could’ve let us check our bags to make our flight on time." Pros: "Crew was great!" Cons: "I didn’t realize I had to pay for a carry on" Pros: "The crew was absolutely wonderful And seat was the most comfortable ever" Pros: "I liked that we have entertainment in flight." Cons: "At least the option of a free snack would be nice." Pros: "Staff was very friendly and patient despite setbacks. Really appreciate how hard the whole Sun Country crew worked." Cons: "Our flight was delayed 3 hours due to mechanical issues, which ended up having us get caught in a storm in Orlando. We ultimately de-planed 4.5 hours later than planned." Cons: "Hidden cost. Late flight. Had to take bus to the plane" Pros: "Being able to set with my Wife" Cons: "Had to upgrade to first class to set with my wife. Seats were not assigned when we booked the flight." Cons: "I did not like the fact that I had to pay for my luggage at check-in. What the hell was the ticket price for??" Pros: "Nothing about this flight went well. We landed in Orlando at 4am. And we’re stuck on the plane for 6 hours." Cons: "No USB ports to charge devices. No tv. No compliementary food while we waited." Pros: "Thankfully they gave out ear buds on the plane" Cons: "The flight was over booked, at the point of boarding there was no room left on the flight for any carry on’s so they wanted everyone to check bags one particular lady at the gate snatched my husbands boarding pass out of his had and threw it back at him so it landed on the floor. She came back with a checked bag ticket, this bag could have fit under the seat. We would have preferred not to check the bag because it had everything in it we needed access to like medication, ear buds, book, tablet, it also contained my Jewlery and various other things. The lady was extremely rude when I told her I prefer not to check the bag, she said we could take everything out of the bag we needed but that would have been 70 % of what was in the bag, where was I supposed to put all this stuff? My small purse was already full. my husband was upset at her treatment and said something to her and she told us we where welcome to book another flight. I paid a hell of a lot of money on this flight alone plus upgraded our seats with extra legroom. Once on the plane the seating was so crammed, uncomfortable and no legroom. My seat reclined but my husbands did not. I will never fly American Airlines again." Cons: "I expect better service from American Airlines, total disappointment. Given incorrect information by 2 gate agents concerning connecting flight delays." Pros: "Seats were nice and enjoyed the entertainment. Late flight meant loads of open seats and everyone was very happy about that." Cons: "Delayed a half hour to board because flight attendants other flight was late getting in, but they kept us informed the entire time. Wasn’t their faults. Once we were on the plane, our flight was delayed for an hour, once again the pilots kept us informed and it wasn’t their faults. But it was kinda annoying." Pros: "Wi-Fi was great. Watched two movies. Flight was on time and painless" Cons: "Only complimentary snack was pretzels and only a cup of water." Pros: "We were on a new plane and each seat had power." Cons: "I was in the window seat near the back and there was a steel box (guessing for the electricity to the seat-back) that took up a third of the width for my feet." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Lost luggage for more than 18 hours. Poor costumer service by baggage assistance: Too many issues to even mention it. Arrived in Cancun w/o luggages and connection to Cuba with another airline and no luggages for 2 weeks." Pros: "Good flight. Fairly comfortable flight. Attendants Were friendly and helpful." Cons: "The movie was mediocre. Biscuit cookie was tasteless. Would prefer peanuts or pretzels." Cons: "The flight was delayed and my luggage is coming in the later flight. I need some form of consolation for this pathetic service." Pros: "Flew a 787, so pretty new aircraft. That meant good seat-back entertainment system. Got to watch 2 complete movies - one before we got off the ground. Keep reading..." Cons: "The flight boarded just fine. Then, about the time we should have been pushing back from the gate, a flight attendant comes on the PA asking for a licensed doctor. Several minutes later, they announce that there's a medical emergency and EMTs are on the way. Said EMT comes down the aisle with a wheelchair. I assume they took that passenger off the back, because they didn't come back by me. We finally leave the gate only to find that the weather we were supposed to get out ahead of had now rolled in, and we're stuck on the taxiway for an hour and a half. Once we finally got airborne, things went well. When we arrived at LAX, we parked in a remote area and had to bus to the terminal. So, while none of this was really anything American could have prevented, it made the flight more of an ordeal." Pros: "Staff for the airline was very good!" Cons: "I had to check a second bag on my return. I entered Mexico with a skateboard carry on. When I went to leave, the airport would let me pass through with it. I was forced to check a second bag and it really bothered me." Pros: "It got me where I needed to go" Cons: "So crowded, seats uncomfortable, wifi not working completely, screaming children." Pros: "On time flight." Cons: "Security was overzealous. I didn't know the standards changed for how many ounces you could carry over three days. The normal ounces of liquid was no more than 4.0 ounces. I had no problem going through security with that amount of spray deodorant flying from IAW, Dulles. DFW airport security says the limit is no more than 3.4 ounces. So they kept my harmless deodorant. I need TSA to get on the same sheet of music worldwide. People don't have time or money to waste having to deal with different TSA standards everywhere they go." Pros: "Having a direct flight across the country was a good thing. That was about the only positive, well that & we did land safely." Cons: "Ticket agent said I could take my bag on the plane. Gate agent told me my bag not I were going on the plane unless I paid $50 to put the bag below if I wanted to get in the plane. Very matter of fact & rude. I was just about the last person they let board so there really wasn't a chance to discuss with them. No WiFi on a cross country plane, lame. No access to the headrest video screen w/o paying for it, lame. Snotty unconcerned flight attendants as well. Overall one of the worst flights I've had in memory. I would pay more next time to fly another airline." Pros: "I slept through whole way. So it was fabulous. Clean and fast trip." Pros: "Although the flight was cancelled due to the hurricane i got my money back." Cons: "I was thoroughly disappointed when I realized that I had to pay to get any type of entertainment on the in-flight screen. That feels like zero effort on the part of the airline to make my flight enjoyable." Cons: "Pay for ticket and couldn't get a seat assignment. Had to go to the kiosk before my flight and try to get a seat. It processed for 5 minutes while I waited thinking it was stuck. Finally it told me there were no seats available unless I wanted to pay for upgrade. Gee I thought a seat came with the price of a ticket. Then there was no shoulder room in the seating and I am an average sized person. There was leg room because it was an exit row. Then they tried to sell me a round-trip ticket that was more costly than buying individual tickets. What a scam." Pros: "Not one thing." Cons: "I chose to fly UA back from a trip to Fort Worth because your price was cheaper than the airline I normally use. Boy do I know why! You have the rudest staff I have ever encountered. My day started out at 6:30am with one of your staff members rudely telling me I had to check my bag, which met all of the dimension requirements you put in place, because two notches on the back side of the carry on did not allow it to completely slide into the display. This women waited until you were halfway through the security line to call you back and make you measure the suitcase. So then you had to walk back through a long line and find yourself even FURTHER back in the line to get through security. She was so unprofessional- not compassionate, unpleasant attitude, and was all about making sure as many people as possible had to pay the extra $25 for a checked bag. The person I flew with is a military wife and you would not honor the free checked bag because her husband was not on the trip and this policy was not included anywhere on her flight documents. Again, the "customer service" reps were rude to her about this and she had to pay the $25 to check her bag. You do not believe in offering quality customer service or ensuring that we have a pleasant experience, you want our money and look to us as an opportunity to make a dollar. Never again!!!" Cons: "After United made me miss my connecting flight, I got an alternate flight to a different airport, but not apology, no offer to upgrade, nothing. Already frustrated, and with my knees hitting the seat in front of me because the seats are too close together, a flight attendant scolded me when I dared put my leg in the aisle (which I often do on other airlines without incident). Once on the ground, I went straight to United's baggage office to see if my bag had followed me, and encountered two of the rudest people, cutting me off whenever I said anything more than they needed to enter into their computer. If your job is in customer service, be friendly, apologize when things go wrong, understand that your customers are your reason for being in business, and be helpful." Pros: "The flight attendant were super nice. Really nice people" Cons: "The flight was delayed almost 2 hours. Then the guy on the front desk was really rude .. Maybe because I'm Latino? I mean he was super friendly with a white guy and a African American girl .. But with me .. Rudeness and bad service .. I said "hello , how are you?".. He didn't answer .. I told him when I did my checkin my boarding pass had "See agent" in the seating section .. He just took the ticket and gave me the last sit available on the plain even though I arrived almost 3 hours before the original departing hour .. I don't know .. It might be the only available sit or it was just a racist thing .. Who knows .. Really disappointed with United. I'll go back with Ameican Airlines." Pros: "Really fast boarding was great. Good selection of snacks but at a cost." Cons: "Some cushion on the seats. It was like sitting on a board." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The aircraft looks like a WWI aircraft. So dirty. Floors were nasty with food not picked up from the last trip. Sits are extremely uncomfortable even for a 2 hr flogjt. Last minute flight so we had to do frontier... never again thou" Pros: "I survived!" Cons: "Disruptive passenger should have been removed! The flight was delayed 2 hours." Cons: "Getting off the plane my stroller wasn’t there. Then I was directed to 3 different places before I could find it near the baggage area. The reason I had the stroller... to help me Navigate an airport with little children. Totally defeated the purpose. Never again frontier. You all suck" Pros: "Really nice crew, really efficient boarding, I loved my seat assignment and the price was RIGHT!" Cons: "Couldn't recline the seats, pretty harsh that you don't even get pretzels but I get it y'all." Cons: "The flight was delayed arriving to Burlington and then there was a problem in the baggage area that needed to be fixed. We were delayed over an hour leaving Burlington and then when we arrived in Orlando we sat on the tarmac for over an hour because, according to the crew, no gate was available for us" Pros: "Patient flight attendants kept cool while PIA passengers were delaying departure by playing 'seat switching'." Pros: "Boarding went ok with no problems" Cons: "Good thing o had an isle seat. The two people in the seats beside me were large and that made the one setting beside me take up part of my area. Part of my body was covered by her the entire flight except when I got up to go to the bathroom. Leaned into the isle most of the flight. Really annoying to have half a seat." Pros: "Boarding is fast and the crew are nice." Cons: "The seats are horrid, it’s a plastic shell with faux leather wrapping that doesn’t even go around the back. Each seat looks directly into an abyss of grey hard plastic with a tray smaller than your hand. My body hurts so bad that I need another day to rest." Pros: "I arrived safely. The crew was very friendly and helped to. All my husband who was scared as this was his first time flying." Cons: "The agent who checked me in was extremely unprofessional. I felt like she was envious that I was going on a vacation and she had to work. She tried to make my experience a living hell. I personally think she should be fired. She does not enjoy what she is doing. She joyfully told me that it costs $40 to carry my luggage and after I informed her that I saw it online for less she informed me that I should have bought it online. She then stuck me all the way in the last row of the plane. I am 5'9". My husband is 6'2" and over 300 pounds. Those seats have the least leg room. It was pure torture. The flight crew in the back help my poor husband by using humor to help him." Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Dallas to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Dallas to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/27Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 45mDFW-MCO $29 Search 12/19Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 44mDFW-MCO $30 Search 12/13Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 44mDFW-MCO $32 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 16h 50mDFW-MCO $34 Search 1/31Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 44mDFW-MCO $36 Search 4/25Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 24mDFW-MCO $173 Search 5/12Sun 1 stopDelta 4h 22mDFW-MCO $175 Search 5/12Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 45mDFW-MCO $193 Search 12/20Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 6h 35mDFW-MCO $229 Search 12/20Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 6h 35mDFW-MCO $273 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$170 or less$190 or less$270 or less Last minute flights from Dallas to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Dallas to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 47mDFW-MCO 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 15mMCO-DFW $96 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 47mDFW-MCO 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 3h 15mMCO-DFW $104 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 44mDFW-MCO 12/8Fri nonstop 3h 12mMCO-DFW $111 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 44mDFW-MCO 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 40mMCO-DFW $112 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 47mDFW-MCO 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 3h 15mMCO-DFW $114 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 47mDFW-MCO 12/6Wed multi-stopFrontier 23h 41mMCO-DFW $116 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 2h 47mDFW-MCO 12/5Tue nonstop 3h 09mMCO-DFW $118 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 44mDFW-MCO 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 08mMCO-DFW $123 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 4h 44mDFW-MCO 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 15mMCO-DFW $500 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 57mDFW-MCO 12/10Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 51mMCO-DFW $621 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$100 or less$110 or less$120 or less$120 or less$620 or less Dallas/Fort Worth Airport - Orlando Flights Departure: Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW)United States Return flight deals: Orlando - Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Cabin classes: $1,000 First Class flights to Orlando $772 Business Class flights to Orlando $999 Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando $61 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » United States » Texas » Dallas/Fort Worth Airport $60Flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Orlando Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando $60Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Houston Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Burbank Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Orlando from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.