Cheap Flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda from $356 | (HNL - HND) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW HNL - HND Find cheap flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda from $356 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/16. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Tokyo Haneda These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Honolulu to Tokyo. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Honolulu to Tokyo. How much is the cheapest flight from Honolulu to Haneda?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Honolulu to Haneda that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:10 pm - 10:00 pmHNL-HND 32h 50m1 stop 11:55 pm - 12:00 pmHND-HNL 7h 05mnonstop $675Hawaiian Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 21 - Mon, Mar 18 6:10 pm - 10:00 pmHNL-HND 8h 50mnonstop 11:55 pm - 12:35 pmHND-HNL 7h 40mnonstop $679Hawaiian Airlines Find Deal Tue, May 21 - Tue, May 28 2:15 pm - 6:45 pmHNL-HND 9h 30mnonstop 9:00 pm - 8:50 amHND-HNL 6h 50mnonstop $900Delta Find Deal Sun, Dec 17 - Wed, Jan 17 2:10 pm - 6:45 pmHNL-HND 9h 35mnonstop 9:00 pm - 9:05 amHND-HNL 7h 05mnonstop $904Delta Find Deal Sat, Mar 16 - Fri, Mar 29 1:15 pm - 5:40 pmHNL-HND 9h 25mnonstop 10:15 pm - 10:05 amHND-HNL 6h 50mnonstop $912ANA Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Wed, Jan 24 1:15 pm - 5:40 pmHNL-HND 9h 25mnonstop 4:25 pm - 5:31 pmHND-HNL 20h 06m1 stop $951United Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Wed, Jan 17 1:25 pm - 5:40 pmHNL-HND 9h 15mnonstop 9:55 pm - 9:45 amHND-HNL 6h 50mnonstop $958United Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Thu, Jan 18 1:15 pm - 5:40 pmHNL-HND 9h 25mnonstop 9:55 pm - 10:15 amHND-HNL 7h 20mnonstop $961ANA Find Deal Fri, Mar 22 - Tue, Apr 16 11:40 am - 3:55 pmHNL-HND 9h 15mnonstop 9:55 pm - 9:55 amHND-HNL 7h 00mnonstop $965Japan Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 28 - Fri, Mar 8 3:55 pm - 8:10 pmHNL-HND 9h 15mnonstop 9:00 pm - 9:00 amHND-HNL 7h 00mnonstop $990Japan Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Mon, Mar 4 Show more results Flights from Honolulu to Haneda - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Honolulu to Haneda to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda Airport is November, where tickets cost $866 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and April, where the average cost of tickets is $1,267 and $1,192 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda Airport, you should book around 3 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 49 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda were found on Hawaiian Airlines ($675) and Philippine Airlines ($776). Hawaiian Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $356. Which airlines fly most frequently between Honolulu and Tokyo Haneda? Japan Airlines connects Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda with up to 6 flights per day. ANA also offers 1 flight per day, while Delta follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Honolulu and Tokyo Haneda Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda Airport. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda Airport. They are: ANA, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines and Japan Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Delta at $353 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Delta. How many flights are there between Honolulu and Tokyo Haneda Airport per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 10 nonstop flights that take off from Honolulu and land in Tokyo Haneda Airport, with an average flight time of 9h 17m. The most common departure time is 3:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 69 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 14% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Honolulu and Tokyo Haneda Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda take? Direct flights cover the 3,844 miles separating Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda in about 8h 35m. What’s the earliest departure time from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Honolulu at 11:40 am and will be landing in Tokyo Haneda Airport at 3:55 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda Airport jets off at 5:45 pm and lands at 10:00 pm. Good to know Low season August High season March Cheapest flight $356 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 4% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 3% increase in price. Flight from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda When to book flights from Honolulu to Haneda Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Honolulu to Haneda based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda flights How convenient is it to arrive t Tokyo Haneda Airport at night? When you land late at HND, there are plenty of seats without armrests, benches, and coaches where you can catch some shuteye. If you want to stretch your feet, you’ll find carpeted areas. However, some passengers find peace and comfort in hotels a few minutes' drive from the airport, such as Keiyu Ex Inn Haneda, Kawasaki King Skyfront Tokyo Rei Hotel, and Henn na Hotel Tokyo Haneda. How can I travel sustainably from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? The most convenient way to travel sustainably is to book nonstop flights. Multiple airlines fly nonstop from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda, including Japan Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Airlines, Korean Air, and ANA. However, Delta Airlines boast its commitment to invest in carbon offsets. Also, the airline is actively eliminating all single-use plastic items, such as utensils, wrappers, and stir sticks. How can I catch the earliest flight from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? Consider booking a Honolulu hotel near the airport, especially f you stay away from the airport. That is the most convenient way to beat the hassle of commuting in the morning to catch your early morning flight. With great airport access, Pacific Marina Inn, Waikiki Monarch Hotel, and Royal Grove Waikiki are worth considering. You can also check in at Best Western, The Plaza Hotel, or Airport Honolulu Hotel. Which other cities can I visit from Tokyo Haneda Airport? Upon landing at HND, you can conveniently visit several other cities and iconic destinations, including Kyoto, Nagoya, Osaka, Yokohama, Hiroshima, Kobe, Sapporo, Fukuoka, Tanashi, and Shinagawa. The airport is a central hub for international, regional, and domestic flights with Japan Airlines, Delta Airlines, and Korean Air carriers. Do I need a passport to fly between Honolulu and Tokyo Haneda? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Honolulu and on arrival in Tokyo Haneda. Which airports will I be using when flying from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? Honolulu and Tokyo Haneda are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Honolulu from Honolulu and will be arriving at Tokyo Haneda. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? Japan Airlines, and American Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? SkyTeam, oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Honolulu and Tokyo Haneda, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? There are nonstop flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Honolulu to Tokyo, Japan Airlines or ANA? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Honolulu to Tokyo are Japan Airlines and ANA. With an average price for the route of $1,183 and an overall rating of 8.7, Japan Airlines is the most popular choice. ANA is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,091 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Tokyo Haneda from Honolulu is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Tokyo Haneda with an airline and back to Honolulu with another airline. Booking your flights between Honolulu and HND can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Tokyo Haneda from Honolulu up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from HNL to Tokyo Haneda Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $532 or less one-way and $828 or less round-trip. When traveling to Tokyo Haneda Airport (HND) from Honolulu, you will depart from Daniel K. Inouye International Airport (HNL). The airlines operating this route include Japan Airlines, ANA, Hawaiian Airlines, United Airlines, American Airlines, Delta, Korean Air, and Philippine Airlines. Japan Airlines offer high flight frequency on this route, hence reliable. When connecting downtown Honolulu to HNL, consider using public transport as Airport Bus Line 20 operates from South St + Kawaiahao St to Airport Lower Level, taking about 28 minutes. This is the go-to option if you are looking for a cost-savvy alternative. However, if you are running against time, consider taking a shuttle, taxi, or car, which takes about 8 minutes. When traveling from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda, expect at least one stopover before making your final landing. Most flights have their layovers in cities like Seattle, San Francisco, Phoenix, Kailua-Kona, Fukuoka, Sydney, Hong Kong, Seoul, London, Osaka, Manila, Doha, Dubai, Melbourne, Vancouver, Kuala Lumpur, and Kahului. Since HND is a central hub for ANA, consider traveling with the airline to enjoy unraveled lounge amenities when you land. ANA Lounges in the airport give guests unbeatable treats, including nap pods, showers, comfortable seating, entertainment, and complimentary food and drinks. Suppose you intend to travel with your young ones; in that case, consider traveling with Japan Airlines. The airline allows lap infants to travel 10% of adult airfares while children from two to eleven are ticketed 75% of adult fares. The airline also provides hot water for cleaning baby blankets and bottles. Besides, your kids will be satisfied since the airline provides original JAL-branded original toys and appropriate entertainment. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda? Find which airlines fly direct from Honolulu to Haneda, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda Search Flights Monday ANA, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +5 more ANA, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday ANA, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +5 more ANA, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday ANA, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +5 more ANA, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Thursday ANA, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +5 more ANA, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Friday ANA, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +5 more ANA, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Saturday ANA, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +5 more ANA, Delta, +6 more 4 5 Sunday ANA, Delta, Hawaiian Airlines, +5 more ANA, Delta, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Tokyo Haneda to Honolulu Search Flights Monday ANA, Cathay Pacific, Delta, +6 more ANA, Cathay Pacific, +7 more 5 6 Tuesday ANA, Cathay Pacific, Delta, +6 more ANA, Cathay Pacific, +7 more 5 6 Wednesday ANA, Cathay Pacific, Delta, +6 more ANA, Cathay Pacific, +7 more 5 6 Thursday ANA, Cathay Pacific, Delta, +6 more ANA, Cathay Pacific, +7 more 5 6 Friday ANA, Cathay Pacific, Delta, +6 more ANA, Cathay Pacific, +7 more 5 6 Saturday ANA, Cathay Pacific, Delta, +6 more ANA, Cathay Pacific, +7 more 5 6 Sunday ANA, Cathay Pacific, Delta, +6 more ANA, Cathay Pacific, +7 more 5 6 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Honolulu to Haneda See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Honolulu to Tokyo. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Honolulu to Haneda? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 85entertainment 88overall 89boarding 86comfort 90crew 84food Airline reviews Flight attendants did great job for the families who has toddlers. One of toddlers behind us was crying for 4 hours straight and they helped the parents very well. and flight meal was deliciousRead more about Japan Airlines Flight attendants did great job for the families who has toddlers. One of toddlers behind us was crying for 4 hours straight and they helped the parents very well. and flight meal was delicious Pros: "The experience was really good. I’ll be using JAL again." Cons: "Keep doing a good job." Pros: "the selection of beverages and the crew are very friendly and helpful" Cons: "Selection of entertainment" Pros: "The EMIRATES flight was nice. Japan airlines has good leg room." Pros: "Spacious leg room." Cons: "The food is average. Could be much better. Eg, serve eggs like omelette for Breakfast. Only one choice . The other choice could be Jap menu vi differing it’s s Japanese airline. Flew JAL 2 yrs ago too. Food was not good. Also , toilets could be cleaner. There’s always a pungent smell." Pros: "Food was great" Cons: "It’s 14h flight. I wanted more water. I had to keep asking but the size was too small... I didn’t want orange or apple juice...." Pros: "Standard JAL. No hassles, nice, clean, friendly. Makes Hawaiian airlines look so Bad!" Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Everything. I will fly out from Narita from this point forward." Pros: "Crew members on board were very attentive and offered the best service in the most polite manner. Food was great. Great options and portion for lunch. Well respected brand for ice cream was served as dessert. A wide variety of overnight snack was provided for passenger's own selection. Breakfast was great with variety of food on the tray. Personal screen was modern and provided a great variety to keep me entertain during the very long flight. Seats are unexpectedly big and very comfortable together with functional well designed pockets beside the screen, where I could put my personal items. New and clean cabin." Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "I liked everything with JAL. Seats are comfortable, good food, excellent service." Pros: "The first meal was awesome! The second one was so-so." Pros: "Food was good." Cons: "Not enough soft drinks and ice has to be asked for." Cons: "Being notified in advance that the flight was going to be delayed 40 minutes instead of waiting until the scheduled boarding time to say there was a delay and the delay time was undetermined." Pros: "Plane in excellent condition. Service outstanding." Cons: "Nothing special about the food, but it's not a big deal. Would fly them again." Pros: "The crew was awesome. They were attentive. The always said they were sorry as the went down the aisle with the cart. They made sure they didn’t disturb you while you were sleeping. The food was awesome. I can’t explain it you have to go on a trip with them and experience it." Cons: "Seats could always be more comfortable." Pros: "service/food excellent" Cons: "old aircraft with outdated and worn 'cradle' seats that are hard to find these days. Unlike claimed it is not a flatbed type." Pros: "Free food, 2 hot meals, including special kids meal that can be preorder. Free entertainment, blanket, hood service." Cons: "My son's entertainment console had some issue." Cons: "The only thing that brought my rating of this flight down was the fact that it was so hot in the plane! From the moment we boarded, this plane was, for reasons we couldn’t figure out, stuffy and uncomfortably hot. My pregnant girlfriend did not particularly enjoy this flight." Pros: "The airline accommodated by request for special meal with a very good seafood meal at each serving." Cons: "Touchscreen did not work on the entertainment; everything had to be controlled from the remote control." Pros: "The toilet is not really good.It Is smelly" Cons: "Your crew is so beautiful and very nice.Your services is Excellent i loved your Air line." Pros: "Great service!" Cons: "More comfortable seats and headphone jacks on the end of the arm rest (I kept knocking mine out when I moved in my seat)." Pros: "Excellent service from the cabin crew." Cons: "The Japanese (Washoku) breakfast was not as good as I expected." Pros: "Wow! That sums it up. Premium coach was like first class on some other airlines. This is by far the best airline I've ever flown." Cons: "The website doesn't work very well. It's also difficult to navigate." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and the service was reasonably good." Cons: "Seats were not very comfortable." Pros: "Crew was good. The food was good quality." Cons: "Boarding took along time and then the plane was delayed, not their fault but it made the trip less enjoyable. Manila is a poor hub." Pros: "Food and entertainment has to be better." Cons: "In Chicago, the flight was delayed for almost 4 hours which in turn made us miss our connecting flight to Jakarta. Then next flight available flight to Jakarta was 24 hours later." Pros: "Service was excellent, landed on time, courteous staff and good food. Good selection of movies and programs." Cons: "If the seat reclined a bit more, would be nice." Pros: "Courteous crew, delicious food and comfortable seats for economy. I was looking forward to the return flight!" Pros: "Everything was fantastic (except that I didn’t watch or listen to any of the entertainment" Pros: "The friendliness of the staff and that the plane arrived on time with no delays. Leg room was ok. My luggage did not get lost. Entertainment selection was good. Overall it was good experience. The landing was smoothly done." Cons: "Food was ok. Seats were not comfortable. Started feeling sick to my stomach because of the lack of sleep." Pros: "yes yes, i didn't purchase thru kayak so why is this coming from kayak?" Pros: "Flight attendants were great!" Cons: "Flight was a little cold - but in Hawaii, not always a bad thing!" Pros: "Entertainment choices good" Cons: "Worst food offerings. Not enough food offerings for 10 hour plus flight. Poor entree quality for international flight." Cons: "I fly Hawaiian all the time. It has always been a good experience." Cons: "TSA was ridiculous. After giving someone in our party TSA PreCheck they wouldn’t let us all go through (it was my son who is a minor)" Pros: "Nothing. Absolutely nothing. I was rerouted to Oakland for no reason -apparently they duplicated my reservation and then deleted it. I was at the airport for over 2 hours before someone would help me. The plane was delayed over an hour after boarding the plane and them we could not onboard for 25 minutes once landing." Cons: "Nothing. Absolutely nothing. I was rerouted to Oakland for no reason -apparently they duplicated my reservation and then deleted it. I was at the airport for over 2 hours before someone would help me. The plane was delayed over an hour after boarding the plane and them we could not onboard for 25 minutes once landing." Cons: "Took time check in too long. I have been just standing front of check in counter 1hour. It was bad service." Pros: "Hawaiian Airlines is fantastic. Great crew, great service. Nice refreshing juice!" Cons: "Nothing was bad. It was fantastic." Pros: "Hawaiian Air crews deliver better service in a more professional manner than most others. We had a difficult group of passengers causing a delay upon boarding. The crew took care that well." Cons: "Domestic air travel in the USA has generally lost it's way. The costomer experience can be negatively influenced at so many points during the average trip. On this flight, other passengers (one family) with disgusting manners, smelly carry on food and generally poor attitudes, made it a captive experience. The crew were the bright spot. An airline can't help that much but, can mitigate the damage and the employees did that. You have very good people." Pros: "Crew was really nice and accommodating, very comfortable seats but had to pay $80 for them." Cons: "Food would have been better if they had nut-free options since I'm allergic. Other airlines give you nut free treats because of this reason. Entertainment could have been better - options for TV shows was limited - should have some HBO shows or newer sitcoms. Movie selection could have been better as well." Pros: "The crew was attentive and worked hard. The checking in counter workers were also very friendly and accommodating." Cons: "Overall it was a very good flight; the crew was very attentive; the plane was new and comfortable; and the food was good. The checking in was a little slow; but that’s because most passengers show up at the same time." Cons: "Connecting flight in Incheon Airport delayed again, 4th consecutive time this has happened on this particular flight. I think this is done intentionally so airline can combine it with the next flight that departs 50 minutes later based on amount of bookings on each flight." Pros: "Crew was nice and food was not that bad either" Cons: "Change the color of the seats. Brown is not that nice" Pros: "economy seats and overhead compartment roomier than most other airlines. food is good." Cons: "low sodium/no added salt food option for people with heart disease." Pros: "Comfort flight with good entertainment, food and service." Cons: "Flight attendants need to assume travellers do not know Korean." Pros: "on-plane flight operation is very good" Cons: "back-office support is very poor. for example they sent me an email before the departure date in Korean only." Pros: "I liked how clean everything was." Cons: "Before the flight I checked everywhere to see if there was an in flight meal so I could request a vegetarian one, there was no indication that food would be served. When there was food the only option had chicken, very disappointed in this." Pros: "Quality of meals were better than their competitors. They were rather enjoyable. Also, flight attendants were very nice." Cons: "The delay made me miss a free shuttle to Yongsan Army Base, Seoul, so I had to find an airport limousine (bus) service to a nearby hotel (Crown Hotel) to the base. Very inconvenient! Entertainment system is outdated, and there was no plug-ins on the seats." Pros: "The check in crew in Fukuoka were excellent! Nice smooth fast flight. Will definitely fly with them again!" Cons: "I would love a vegetarian option!" Pros: "I liked the way the stewardesses were respectful of my need to sleep. When I woke up they offered me a drink but were not pushy. Very pleasant/" Japan Airlines8.7 Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 Hawaiian Airlines8.1 Asiana Airlines8.2 Book cheap flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Honolulu to Tokyo found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/16Tue nonstopHawaiian Airlines 9h 30mHNL-HND $356 Search 5/19Sun 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 15h 00mHNL-HND $389 Search 2/21Wed nonstopJapan Airlines 9h 15mHNL-HND $587 Search 3/3Sun nonstopJapan Airlines 9h 00mHNL-HND $591 Search 12/17Sun nonstopDelta 9h 30mHNL-HND $603 Search 3/4Mon 1 stopDelta 22h 25mHNL-HND $604 Search 1/28Sun 2 stopsUnited Airlines 32h 28mHNL-HND $659 Search 1/29Mon 2 stopsUnited Airlines 22h 05mHNL-HND $660 Search 12/21Thu nonstopANA 9h 15mHNL-HND $692 Search 12/25Mon nonstopANA 9h 15mHNL-HND $706 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesJapan AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesANA Search by price$390 or less$590 or less$600 or less$660 or less$710 or less Last minute flights from Honolulu to Haneda Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Honolulu to Tokyo that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopHawaiian Airlines 9h 15mHNL-HND 12/21Thu nonstopHawaiian Airlines 7h 15mHND-HNL $679 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 32h 50mHNL-HND 12/21Thu nonstopHawaiian Airlines 7h 15mHND-HNL $723 Search 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 9h 30mHNL-HND 12/20Wed nonstopDelta 7h 05mHND-HNL $900 Search 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 9h 30mHNL-HND 12/10Sun nonstopDelta 7h 05mHND-HNL $921 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 19h 25mHNL-HND 12/5Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 7h 00mHND-HNL $944 Search 12/3Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 9h 15mHNL-HND 12/12Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 7h 00mHND-HNL $958 Search 12/4Mon nonstopJapan Airlines 9h 15mHNL-HND 12/19Tue nonstopJapan Airlines 6h 45mHND-HNL $965 Search 12/4Mon nonstopJapan Airlines 9h 15mHNL-HND 12/18Mon nonstopJapan Airlines 6h 45mHND-HNL $990 Search 12/1Fri nonstopANA 9h 15mHNL-HND 12/9Sat nonstopANA 7h 00mHND-HNL $1,012 Search 12/2Sat nonstopANA 9h 15mHNL-HND 12/9Sat nonstopANA 7h 00mHND-HNL $1,016 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesJapan AirlinesANA Search by price$720 or less$920 or less$960 or less$990 or less$1,020 or less Honolulu - Tokyo Haneda Flights Departure: Honolulu (HNL)United States Destination: Tokyo Haneda (HND)Japan Return flight deals: Tokyo Haneda - Honolulu Cabin classes: $1,843 First Class flights to Tokyo $1,744 Business Class flights to Tokyo $1,696 Prem Econ Class flights to Tokyo $440 Economy Class flights to Tokyo Browse origins: Flights » United States » Hawaii » Honolulu $655Flights from Honolulu to Tokyo Haneda Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Japan » Tokyo » Tokyo Haneda $655Flights to Tokyo Haneda Airport, Tokyo Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Portland Flights to Kailua-Kona Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Tokyo Haneda flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Tokyo Haneda from Honolulu. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Tokyo Haneda from Honolulu. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.