Cheap Flights from Miami to Paris from $142 | (MIA - PAR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MIA - PAR Find cheap flights from Miami to Paris from $142 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/10. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from Miami to Paris?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Miami to Paris that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:00 pm - 11:00 amMIA-CDG 9h 00mnonstop 1:50 pm - 5:45 pmCDG-MIA 9h 55mnonstop $423Norse Atlantic Airways Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Sun, Jan 21 10:05 pm - 10:25 amMIA-CDG 30h 20m1 stop 11:10 am - 8:15 pmCDG-MIA 15h 05m1 stop $438Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Wed, Jan 31 9:00 pm - 11:40 amMIA-ORY 8h 40mnonstop 2:30 pm - 6:45 pmORY-MIA 10h 15mnonstop $514French Bee Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 23 9:00 pm - 11:40 amMIA-ORY 8h 40mnonstop 2:30 pm - 6:45 pmORY-MIA 10h 15mnonstop $516French Bee Find Deal Thu, Feb 29 - Sat, Mar 9 11:00 pm - 1:55 pmMIA-CDG 8h 55mnonstop 1:20 pm - 5:30 pmCDG-MIA 10h 10mnonstop $537Air France Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Mon, Jan 29 2:03 pm - 7:10 amMIA-CDG 11h 07m1 stop 1:20 pm - 5:30 pmCDG-MIA 10h 10mnonstop $541Air France Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Sun, Feb 4 5:20 pm - 1:40 pmMIA-ORY 14h 20m1 stop 12:40 pm - 8:20 pmORY-MIA 13h 40m1 stop $546American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Sun, Jan 21 10:00 am - 6:35 amMIA-CDG 14h 35m2 stops 11:25 am - 12:23 amCDG-MIA 18h 58m2 stops $554American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Sun, Jan 21 7:50 pm - 10:45 amMIA-CDG 8h 55mnonstop 4:30 pm - 8:45 pmCDG-MIA 10h 15mnonstop $626Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Wed, Feb 7 7:50 pm - 10:45 amMIA-CDG 8h 55mnonstop 11:30 am - 8:20 pmCDG-MIA 14h 50m1 stop $635Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Wed, Feb 7 Show more results Flights from Miami to Paris - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Miami to Paris to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Miami to Paris flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Miami to Paris. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Miami to Paris cost $131 and was between Miami and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly from Miami to Paris Orly Airport. The average price for a return flight for this route is $378. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Miami to Paris? The average price of all flights from Miami to Paris clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Miami to Paris, look for departures on Mondays and avoid leaving on a Friday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Paris, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly and Wednesday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Miami to Paris? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Miami to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Miami to Paris is January, where tickets cost $559 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,140 and $1,105 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Miami to Paris? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Miami to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Miami to Paris, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 87 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Miami to Paris? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Miami to Paris found on KAYAK was with Norse Atlantic Airways for $142. Norse Atlantic Airways proposed a round-trip connection from $423 and Scandinavian Airlines from $438. Which airlines fly non-stop between Miami and Paris? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Miami to Paris. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Miami to Paris. They are: Air France, American Airlines, French Bee and Norse Atlantic Airways. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Norse Atlantic Airways at $293 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Norse Atlantic Airways. How many flights are there between Miami and Paris per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 7 nonstop flights that take off from Miami and land in Paris, with an average flight time of 8h 51m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening, while the most flights land at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Each week, there are 38 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Miami and Paris? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Miami to Paris take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Paris from Miami is typically 8h 40m. The journey crosses a distance of 4,570 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Miami to Paris? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Miami at 6:25 pm and will be landing in Paris at 9:15 am. What’s the latest departure time from Miami to Paris? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Miami to Paris jets off at 11:10 pm and lands at 2:05 pm. Good to know Low season April High season December Cheapest flight $142 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 0% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 3% lower on average. Flight from Miami to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from Miami to Paris Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Miami to Paris based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Miami to Paris Where can I change my currency at Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)? If you’ve just arrived at Charles de Gaulle Airport and want to change your dollars into euros, you won’t have a shortage of options. Several banks and credit unions, including Global Group, run their counters at this facility. You’ll get them at the Arrival level, post-passport control, opposite baggage carousel No. 30. Which is the best arrival airport if I want to visit the Eiffel Tower? Eiffel Tower is situated about 20 miles from CDG, and the Paris RER train provides the most convenient way to reach this iconic. The coach departs regularly from its airport terminal to Saint-Michel Notre-Dame at a 10min interval, covering the distance in about 40min. Is there a library at the Paris Orly Airport (ORY)? Avid readers waiting for their next connection at Paris Orly Airport (ORY) can pop into a library in Terminal 4’s Hall B and grab a copy of a magazine and other print media. In addition, you can also surf the eBooks on the tablets at this facility. Are there car rentals from Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) to downtown Paris? Numerous car hire agencies run their services at CDG, making it easier for you to explore the city in a car. Travelers arriving via Terminal 1 will find these services at the Red Level parking. Using Terminal 2, the rental cars are in sections C and D. Which Paris airport should I fly into? If you’ll be staying north of the Paris city center, Beauvais–Tillé Airport (BVA) may be the perfect option. Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) is one of the busiest airports in all of Europe, with a wider variety of flight options. Orly (ORY) is closest to the city and the smallest, making it easier to navigate. Both of these options are well-connected to public transportation. What is the best way to get to the center of Paris from Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)? The fastest? The RER train connects Roissy airport directly with the station nearest to Notre Dame, making it a breeze to get your time in Paris started off right. On the train it takes about 1h, and by car, the trip is around 50min, assuming there is little traffic. Is there a hotel at Paris airport (CDG)? If you need to freshen up and unwind after your transatlantic journey, YotelAir is the only air transit hotel located inside the Roissy Charles de Gaulle (CDG) airport. It also offers hourly rates, which is nice if you’re waiting for your accommodations to be ready, or just need a quick nap. There are a number of other hotels located on the airport grounds, connected to the facility by shuttles. Should I park at Miami International Airport (MIA)? There are two main garages in the Miami airport, making parking a breeze. Choose the most convenient by checking the terminal your airline flies out of. Terminal parking costs around $20 per day. Valet parking is available at a daily fee of around $30. Use SpotHero to reserve your spot in advance and get a small discount. Will I have to know French in order to navigate the airports? You should have no trouble at all getting around the airports and beyond. Anything that is important, such as the customs checkpoint or baggage claim, will be in both languages and perhaps even others. Many signs utilize symbols, and the Metro is color-coded, helping to lessen the language gap. Do I need a passport to fly between Miami and Paris? A passport is required to fly from Miami to Paris. Which airports will I be using when flying from Miami to Paris? Miami is served by only 1 airport and there are 3 airports in Paris. You will leave Miami from Miami and you will be arriving in Paris at one of these airports: Paris Beauvais-Tille, Paris Charles de Gaulle, or Paris Orly. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Miami to Paris? American Airlines, Air France, Iberia, British Airways, and Finnair offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Miami to Paris flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Miami to Paris? The Boeing 777-200/200ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Miami to Paris flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Miami to Paris? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Miami and Paris, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Miami to Paris? There are nonstop flights from Miami to Paris on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Miami to Paris, Delta or Norse Atlantic Airways? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Miami to Paris are Delta and Norse Atlantic Airways. With an average price for the route of $1,046 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Norse Atlantic Airways is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $455 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Miami to Paris? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Miami to Paris. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Miami to Paris? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris from Miami is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Miami to Paris? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris with an airline and back to Miami with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Miami to Paris? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris from Miami up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Miami to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $480 or less one-way and $594 or less round-trip. Miami International Airport (MIA) features three terminals; North, Central, and South, and is complemented by six concourses with 131 gates. The moving walkways on Level 3 provide easy and convenient movement between the terminals. Also, a Skytrain travels regularly from one end of Concourse D to the other, arriving every 3min. MIA lies approximately 8.7 miles from downtown Miami. As the airport is connected to the area's Metrorail system, the train is the most convenient way to travel between the two points. The Orange Line train covers the distance in around 4min. From the city center of Miami, the train stops at its terminal in MIA on the third level between Dolphin and Flamingo Garages. Travelers with disabilities through MIA will have their needs catered to under the myMIAaccess program. Under this program, a dedicated platform provides access to information, services, and amenities when transiting through MIA. The multi-sensory rooms after security in Concourse D, close to checkpoint 4, offer a calm and stimulating environment for travelers with developmental and cognitive disabilities to enjoy. Suppose you’re traveling to Paris via MIA with your family. In that case, remember that the facility has dedicated rooms for mom and their kids. These suites, called MIAmamas, provide privacy to pumping and breastfeeding moms. They’re located in concourse D, after security. Other amenities in these rooms include seats, sinks, and electrical sockets. If you want to leave behind excess baggage as you fly out from Miami International Airport (MIA), you’ll be glad to note that this property has storage lockers at your disposal. Locate the storage counter in Terminal E on the 2nd Level. The service runs between 5 am and 9 pm. Paris is served by two main airports. To the north is Roissy Charles de Gaulle (CDG), often referred to simply as de Gaulle, Paris, or Roissy. To the south is Orly (ORY). The smaller of the two is Orly, but it is also closer to the city center. Beauvais–Tillé Airport (BVA) also serves the region, located about 1h 30min north of Paris. There is no train station at this airport, so a shuttle, bus, or cab is needed for at least part of the trip to and from Beauvais–Tillé Airport. Miami International Airport (MIA) offers a quiet yoga room to relax in and stretch your body before you depart. Save a little cash and book the off-peak flight; you know there’s a quiet place waiting for you at MIA. Take advantage of one of the many lounges at Miami International Airport (MIA). You can pre-purchase your pass before you ever leave for the airport and relax in style before you bid Miami adieu. There are about 160 departures on the RER train every day from Charles de Gaulle airport (CDG). The trip takes about 50min and costs around €10 ($12) for adults. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Miami to Paris? Find which airlines fly direct from Miami to Paris, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Miami to Paris Search Flights Monday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more Air France, American Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Air Caraïbes, Air France, American Airlines, +12 more Air Caraïbes, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Wednesday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +9 more Air France, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Thursday Air Caraïbes, Air France, American Airlines, +11 more Air Caraïbes, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Friday Air Caraïbes, Air France, American Airlines, +10 more Air Caraïbes, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Air Caraïbes, Air France, American Airlines, +12 more Air Caraïbes, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Sunday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +9 more Air France, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Paris to Miami Search Flights Monday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +9 more Air France, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Air Caraïbes, Air France, American Airlines, +10 more Air Caraïbes, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 Thursday Air Caraïbes, Air France, American Airlines, +11 more Air Caraïbes, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Friday Air Caraïbes, Air France, American Airlines, +11 more Air Caraïbes, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Air Caraïbes, Air France, American Airlines, +10 more Air Caraïbes, Air France, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Air France, American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more Air France, American Airlines, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Miami to Paris See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Miami to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Miami to Paris? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9112 reviews 78comfort 82boarding 77entertainment 86crew 79food 82overall Airline reviews Pros: "The airline is top notch and treated you great like it should be." Cons: "The sears where a little tight but not bad and the movie options were ok not great."Read more about SWISS Pros: "The airline is top notch and treated you great like it should be." Cons: "The sears where a little tight but not bad and the movie options were ok not great." Pros: "Crew was fantastic" Cons: "Boarding was delayed by 30 minutes. May have been beyond the crew control." Cons: "Swiss does not know how to handle their own problems and hurt passengers in the process." Pros: "The crew was very nice and very good. They served the evening meal very promptly. They could have made another trash run prior to everyone trying to sleep for the night flight." Cons: "The coach seats are narrower than any I have encountered and they are very close to the rows in front and behind. Not comfortable at all." Pros: "Service and food were good considering it was "plane food". No delay whatsoever." Cons: "Black box under the front seat. No room for legs. Seat blocked in lower position, impossible to make it stay in upper position. Entertainment wasn't working good: extremely laggy when it was working ... Seats are way too short. You got the neck support into the upper back ... And I am only 1.80m. Overall, I am done with Swiss until they upgrade their planes. Wifi was 99usd for 220 mo ... what a joke. A 20+yo plane for a such reputated company. There was still the ashtrays inside the restrooms." Pros: "Paid in advance 45.00 a seat to reserve! Otherwise they assign at Check-in! Still ended up with a standard not premium seats in center. I chose 2 side seats online but plane must have changed. Literally could not move. My travel partner ended up spilling wine on himself primarily due to this and 1/2 size drop down trays. Call button brought no help , had to get up and go retrieve steward in back myself!" Cons: "Comfortability , mediocre service." Pros: "Good flight with Swiss friendliness. They even passed out food (sandwich) during this very short flight." Cons: "Nothing, really!" Pros: "Smooth flight" Cons: "I ordered a kosher meal and did not get it. The seats are very uncofmfortable. When the one in front puts their seat back it goes almost in to the face of the one behind." Cons: "I bought economy class ticket! (I have a printout ticket as proof!) When I went to the airport i had a VERY UNPLEASANT surprise. I had a 23kg bag. Bording stuart said that my ticket is ECO LIGHT class and I don't have the right to any baggage. Worst thing of all was that the reason of my trip to Paris was my sister's graduation and half of the baggage was my formal wear and other half were presents for my sister! Your lack of transparency ruined one in lifetime special event- MY SISTER'S GRADUATION. I am very glad that you asked me for my opinion because I am using my free time to demand full refund, even tough the damage is much bigger than the cost of the ticket and it's irreplaceable." Pros: "The plane was very clean the seats were neat and everyone was very friendly." Pros: "Crew are always top notch, free drinks are readily available and entertainment system is great." Cons: "The food portions and quality have definitely declined over the years sadly, as carriers cut costs no doubt." Pros: "Great crew, good in-flight movies. Good food." Cons: "Wifi connectivity was poor for most of the flight. Plane was very hot it was difficult to sleep." Pros: "Crew was great !!!" Cons: "Seating in upper class is uncomfortable and bedding is not fresh." Pros: "Very friendly crew. We boarded about an hour before so we were ready to go well before time." Cons: "The economy seats are not that comfortable and the screen for entertainment is sometimes difficult to use." Pros: "such a big difference in size of aircraft, very comfortable and great crew." Pros: "the crew was very polite and professional." Cons: "the aircraft is small and confined, only two toilets for the entire economy level passengers for a 6 hour flight. the online entertainment lacks variety and the food was okay." Pros: "Nice crew" Cons: "Comfort. Seats were very uncomfortable with absolutely NO leg room. I fly a lot and this was one of the WORST leg room experiences I had." Pros: "The food was good. The lane was comfortable" Cons: "The flight was nearly full, and the 767 is a large aircraft. I think it would be preferable if Virgin Atlantic would board the plane by zones, similar to other airlines." Pros: "The crew was amazing and effiecent. Had weather delays, bag got left, but got it the next day." Pros: "The crew was very good and there was enough leg room." Cons: "The dinner option was underwhelming." Cons: "Not enough room with the seats if someone reclines in front of you." Pros: "The crew is always smiling and ready to help you and I really like that." Cons: "Don't call it "food." the meals were terrible. Also stop creating so much single use plastic." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They charged me $646 for the flight. And we departed 40 min later. I arrived late to my work. They gave me seat in the back of the plane. Horrible" Pros: "Staff are adept at dealing with these issues but it is a systemic problem." Cons: "Rather than pay luggage fees, people are bringing on their luggage and the flight ALWAYS runs out of space. Suitcases are being moved around right at people heads and more than once I've been hit and seen other people be hit in the head by a suitcase. Getting luggage in place used to be a simple and minor issue, now it occupies much of the time, energy, and attention of the cabin crew as well as the gate crew. I realize this is making money for Delta but the cost is being paid by people being hit in the head with luggage and the crew's unavailability to deal with other issues." Pros: "The food was good The crew was fantastic, friendly and accommodating Flight was on time" Cons: "I was near the bathroom.. stank a bit" Pros: "The take off and landing were very smooth and the crew was nice." Cons: "Crying baby aboard" Pros: "Easy boarding, great service from the flight crew, and excellent food and drink service. Seats were comfortable and plenty of entertainment options for a long flight" Cons: "After fully boarding the plane, we all had to leave because the air conditioning failed. We've traveled five times on Delta this year and every trip has had a significant delay." Pros: "It was on time" Cons: "This flight was cramped. Not enough stretching room. Hard seats" Very poor experience in being able to board and have a seat assigned. Poor communication from check in staff. Very bad turbulence for half of the flight,only 75% of the passengers were served a meal as the turbulence was so bad,crew did a great job. On Time departure and arrival Entertainment system not very userfriendly Cons: "This was one of the worst Lufthansa crews. You could not pay them to care. Many years of flying LH this is the first time I encounter such poor service." Pros: "The crew was Ok except at the beginning when they could help more inside the plane with finding the seating." Cons: "I missed the plane shopping because i don’t recall seeing the crew after the meal offering it. I heard the announcement at the beginning of the flight so I was looking forward to make purchases. Later when I asked it was already closed." Pros: "Crew" Cons: "We were delayed thirty minutes due to slow service. Zero entertainment and only a brownie for a snack" Pros: "Brand new very nice/comfortable planes. Great routes and flight departure/arrive times. Really great value." Cons: "They’re a budget airline so they nickel and dime you for food and beverage. They are not a member of “sky team” so if they have a flight delay or cancellation they will not book you on another airline." Cons: "Airline canceled my flight with out refund or giving other options. Never will use them again." Pros: "Plane was clean and a little more roomy than most long distance flights." Cons: "Entertainment system in my row didn't work correctly. Flight delayed due to weather. On board announcements said Lufthansa would rebook passengers with connecting flights and tell us arrangements as soon as we landed. No sign of Lufthansa reps at arrival gate area and zero directions on where to go. Had to walk miles through Frankfurt airport , go through immigration and security again without any direction one where to find Lufthansa and when finally found Lufthansa service counter it was understaffed with long lines and confusion. By time we learned rebooking, we almost missed rebooked connections. So much for German organizing and efficiency." Cons: "flight Frankfurt to Houston: 2 hours delay in Frankfurt, 1 suitcase lost and Lufthansa doesn't know where it is" Nice travel , but would have been better if luggage was included in the price and not an extra charge.. Norse Atlantic is the worst airline I’ve ever traveled with, and i travel a lot. First, they made me check my carry on duffle (never had a problem before) because my backpack they said “isn’t a personal item”. It fits under the seat so yes it is a personal item. $125€ for the duffle and $125€ for my wife’s checked bag, $250€ for two bags, RIPOFF! Once on the flight we got delayed 45mins because the attendants/airline were giving a handicap gentleman a hard time about his scooter which they had already given him permission to bring on board. He also stated he’s never had this problem, & after a lengthy discussion they finally realized they were wrong since it wasn’t ion battery operated and he had all the paperwork. Eventually they allowed him to stow it above his seat which they watched his wife struggle with for over a minute before they helped her. Also, Make sure you purchase food in advance! This airline is EVERYTHING for purchase, from WATER to SNACKS to BLANKETS. Yes, WATER. International flight and not a single thing free. People were literally lining up to the bathroom with empty water bottles to fill up in the sink. The Aircraft was criminally FREEZING as if they intentionally jacked up the air so people would buy $7€ blankets. People were changing into layers in the bathroom & bringing down their carry-ons so they could find layers in their suitcases. Those that didn’t have layers in their bag or had to check their bags had to endure an 8.5hr torture session from Rome to JFK. Add all that to the ridiculous timing of turning on the lights (red eye) so they could come down the aisle with duty “free” options for purchase. A hot topic between passengers while waiting to deboard/get through customs. I wouldn’t fly Norse Atlantic Airways again if they paid me. I payed for luggage but there was additional luggage charge this wasn’t clear when i purchased. The crew from Norse was absolutely great! Friendly, respectful and professional! They helped me resolve my baggage issue in Fiumicino, which was a long process and one of the counter girls was her first day at work 😌 they were all great. And later, when they found my 87 year old mom who got completely lost at Fiumicino in a different terminal, all by herself.. they were patient and kind and treated everyone with respect and care. Grazie Norse!! Crew was excellent, very friendly and professional. Seating was very tight…I’m not a tall person and my knees were touching the seat in front of me. A little bit more legroom would be great. Chaotic check in. It took an extra hour to haul all across large LAX airport three different times back & fourth. Had no access to duty free shop. Great flight for great price. Only thing they need is on board Wi-Fi and an app. It was cold, blankets would have been a big plus. Airline was unable to check me in, even though I had a valid US visa which they called to confirm. Their system still did not allow check in. If you have a visa don’t travel on this airline. Will be seeking a refund. I’ve never know a transatlantic flight or even an international flight not to offer complimentary food and drinks . I was shocked - it took me hours to even get served paying almost $4 for a cup of tea. Those that knew had ordered ahead a tiny meal for $30! On a 9 hour flight this was not satisfactory at all. They would be my last choice to fly a long distance flight. SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Lufthansa7.8 Norse Atlantic Airways7.7 Book cheap flights from Miami to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Miami to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/10Sat nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 9h 00mMIA-CDG $142 Search 2/11Sun nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 9h 00mMIA-CDG $143 Search 1/31Wed nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 9h 00mMIA-CDG $151 Search 12/12Tue nonstopAir Caraïbes 8h 40mMIA-ORY $211 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrench Bee 8h 40mMIA-ORY $219 Search 12/12Tue nonstopFrench Bee 8h 40mMIA-ORY $228 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAir Caraïbes 8h 40mMIA-ORY $243 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 14h 45mMIA-CDG $307 Search 1/15Mon 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 30h 20mMIA-CDG $316 Search 2/16Fri 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 14h 15mMIA-ORY $414 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineNorse Atlantic AirwaysAir CaraïbesFrench BeeScandinavian AirlinesTAP AIR PORTUGAL Search by price$140 or less$210 or less$230 or less$310 or less$410 or less Last minute flights from Miami to Paris Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Miami to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 21h 15mMIA-ORY 12/9Sat multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 29h 20mORY-MIA $591 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 23h 10mMIA-ORY 12/8Fri multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 29h 05mORY-MIA $595 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 16h 25mMIA-ORY 12/5Tue nonstop 10h 15mORY-MIA $596 Search 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 8h 55mMIA-CDG 12/9Sat multi-stopDelta 32h 10mCDG-MIA $881 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 31h 30mMIA-CDG 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 10h 21mCDG-MIA $1,320 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAir France 8h 50mMIA-CDG 12/8Fri nonstopAir France 10h 10mCDG-MIA $1,362 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAir France 8h 50mMIA-CDG 12/9Sat nonstopAir France 10h 10mCDG-MIA $1,720 Search 12/3Sun nonstopBritish Airways 8h 51mMIA-CDG 12/5Tue nonstopBritish Airways 10h 21mCDG-MIA $3,035 Search 12/5Tue nonstopBritish Airways 8h 50mMIA-CDG 12/9Sat nonstopBritish Airways 10h 21mCDG-MIA $3,085 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 8h 51mMIA-CDG 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 10h 16mCDG-MIA $3,135 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTAP AIR PORTUGALDeltaAmerican AirlinesAir FranceBritish Airways Search by price$600 or less$880 or less$1,360 or less$3,040 or less$3,140 or less Miami - Paris Flights Departure: Miami (MIA)United States Return flight deals: Paris - Miami Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris $2,439 Business Class flights to Paris $1,163 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris $367 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Miami $383Flights from Miami to Paris Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris $551Flights to Paris Beauvais-Tille Airport, Paris $383Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris $473Flights to Paris Orly Airport, Paris Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Philadelphia Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Ontario Flights to Charlotte Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Paris flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris from Miami. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Paris from Miami. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.