Cheap Flights from Barcelona to Paris from $20 | (BCN - PAR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW BCN - PAR Find cheap flights from Barcelona to Paris from $20 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/23. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Barcelona to Paris, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Barcelona to Paris, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Barcelona-El Prat to Paris?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Barcelona-El Prat to Paris that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:25 pm - 10:15 pmBCN-ORY 1h 50mnonstop 7:00 am - 8:40 amORY-BCN 1h 40mnonstop $55Vueling Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Thu, Feb 1 6:00 pm - 8:10 pmBCN-CDG 2h 10mnonstop 7:30 am - 9:15 amCDG-BCN 1h 45mnonstop $58easyJet Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 8:20 pm - 10:10 pmBCN-ORY 1h 50mnonstop 9:55 pm - 11:35 pmORY-BCN 1h 40mnonstop $60Vueling Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Wed, Feb 14 6:00 pm - 8:10 pmBCN-CDG 2h 10mnonstop 8:40 pm - 10:25 pmCDG-BCN 1h 45mnonstop $62easyJet Find Deal Mon, Mar 4 - Tue, Mar 5 7:20 pm - 9:10 pmBCN-ORY 1h 50mnonstop 9:15 am - 10:55 amORY-BCN 1h 40mnonstop $62Vueling Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Thu, Jan 25 8:50 pm - 10:50 pmBCN-ORY 2h 00mnonstop 7:35 am - 9:15 amORY-BCN 1h 40mnonstop $93Transavia France Find Deal Wed, Mar 20 - Sun, Mar 24 8:45 pm - 10:45 pmBCN-ORY 2h 00mnonstop 6:25 pm - 8:05 pmORY-BCN 1h 40mnonstop $97Transavia France Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Fri, Jan 12 11:55 am - 4:50 pmBCN-ORY 4h 55m1 stop 5:40 pm - 9:10 pmORY-BCN 3h 30m1 stop $160Air Europa Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 8:40 am - 4:50 pmBCN-ORY 8h 10m1 stop 10:55 am - 4:35 pmORY-BCN 5h 40m1 stop $168Air Europa Find Deal Tue, Mar 19 - Wed, Mar 20 12:15 pm - 2:15 pmBCN-CDG 2h 00mnonstop 7:05 am - 8:50 amCDG-BCN 1h 45mnonstop $210Air France Find Deal Sun, Dec 24 - Wed, Dec 27 Show more results Flights from Barcelona-El Prat to Paris - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Barcelona-El Prat to Paris to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Paris flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Paris. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Paris cost $19 and was between Barcelona-El Prat Airport and Paris Beauvais-Tille Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $41. What is the cheapest month to fly from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Paris? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Paris is January, where tickets cost $87 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and August, where the average cost of tickets is $186 and $183 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Paris? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Paris, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 89 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Barcelona to Paris? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Barcelona to Paris were found on Vueling ($55) and easyJet ($58). Vueling proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $20. Which airlines fly most frequently between Barcelona and Paris? Air France connects Barcelona to Paris with up to 2 flights per day. Vueling also offers 2 flights per day, while Transavia France follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Barcelona-El Prat Airport and Paris? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Paris. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Paris. They are: Air France, Ryanair, Transavia France, Vueling and easyJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Ryanair at $44 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Ryanair. How many flights are there between Barcelona-El Prat Airport and Paris per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 13 nonstop flights that take off from Barcelona-El Prat Airport and land in Paris, with an average flight time of 2h 00m. The most common departure time is 8:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Each week, there are 59 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 22% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Barcelona-El Prat Airport and Paris? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Barcelona to Paris take? The average nonstop flight takes 1h 50m, covering a distance of 522 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Barcelona to Paris? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Barcelona-El Prat Airport at 5:45 am and will be landing in Paris at 7:45 am. What’s the latest departure time from Barcelona to Paris? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Paris jets off at 8:50 pm and lands at 10:50 pm. Good to know Low season July High season December Cheapest flight $20 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 31% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 0% lower on average. Flight from Barcelona to Paris Orly Airport When to book flights from Barcelona-El Prat to Paris Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Barcelona-El Prat to Paris based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Barcelona to Paris flights Which Paris airport is closest to the city center of Paris? Orly Airport is the closest to the city center, approximately 8 miles south of it . Charles De Gaulle Airport, on the other hand, is approximately 16 miles northeast of the city center. Beauvais-Tillé Airport is 53 miles north of Paris's city center. If you want to fly to a Paris airport close to the city center, CDG and ORY are the best options. How do I get to the Paris city center from Charles de Gaulle Airport? CDG is well connected to the bus system in Paris thanks to Bus routes 350 and 351. You can also opt for the comfortable Roissybus, which takes you to Opera Station. The RER B train line and the TGV high-speed train lines can help you connect to Paris from CDG. Other transportation options at CDG include taxis and car rentals. Why should I upgrade to a Business Class ticket for my flight from Barcelona to Paris? As a popular route connecting two major European cities, you’ll find several airlines with Business Class flights from Barcelona to Paris. Major carriers with this option include Air France, Iberia Airlines, and low-cost carrier Vueling. Some benefits you’ll enjoy when you opt for a Business Class flight to Paris include priority boarding, in-flight entertainment, access to specific lounges, complimentary baggage allowance, spacious and comfortable cabins, and complimentary meals and drinks. Which other cities in France can I fly to from the Paris airports? From the various airports in Paris, you can connect to other cities in France, including Marseille, Nantes, Lyon, Nice, Bordeaux, Toulouse, and Strasbourg. These cities have different attractions, including a vibrant cultural scene, historical sites, culinary heritage, and beautiful coastlines in cities like Marseille. Multiple airlines offer domestic flights to these cities from Paris airports. Do I need a passport to fly between Barcelona and Paris? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Barcelona and on arrival in Paris. Which airports will I be using when flying from Barcelona to Paris? When flying out of Barcelona you will be using Barcelona-El Prat. You will be landing at one of these airports: Paris Charles de Gaulle or Paris Orly. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Barcelona to Paris? Only Iberia offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Barcelona to Paris flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Barcelona to Paris? The Boeing 737-800 Passenger/BBJ2 (winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Barcelona to Paris flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Barcelona to Paris? SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Barcelona and Paris, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Barcelona to Paris? There are nonstop flights from Barcelona to Paris on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Barcelona to Paris, Air France or Transavia France? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Barcelona to Paris are Air France and Transavia France. With an average price for the route of $256 and an overall rating of 7.4, Air France is the most popular choice. Transavia France is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $136 and an overall rating of 7.0. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Barcelona to Paris? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Barcelona to Paris. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Barcelona to Paris? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris from Barcelona is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Barcelona to Paris? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris with an airline and back to Barcelona with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Barcelona to Paris? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris from Barcelona up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Barcelona to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $21 or less one-way and $57 or less round-trip. Barcelona International Airport (BCN) serves airlines with flights to different airports in Paris, including Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG), Beauvais-Tillé Airport (BVA), and Orly Airport (ORY). Multiple airlines have nonstop flights from BCN to these airports. Your arrival airport will depend on the airline provider. For examble Transavia flies non stop to both ORY and BVA. Ryanair has the most flights from Barcelona to Paris Beauvais-Tillé Airport (BVA). Most airlines from BCN are likely to fly to ORY or CDG, the busiest airports in Paris. BVA is primarily known for handling low-cost and charter flights, but it offers international connections. The baggage allowance for flights from Barcelona to Paris will depend on the airline and travel class you choose. Most Economy tickets have limited baggage allowance compared to Business Class tickets. Transavia for example allows you to take one carry-on bag with you for free. We advise you to check our frr assistant tool that can be found at the top of your search results and by adding luggage options you can see the ticket prices get updated. You can check into one of the lounges at Barcelona International Airport as you wait for your flight to Paris. Pau Casals, Joan Miró, Colomer, and Canudas are some lounges in the airport’s Terminal 1. You’ll need to pay at the door, get a prepaid lounge pass, or have a lounge membership to access them. Enjoy relaxing spaces, free Wi-Fi, and complimentary meals and drinks. Barcelona International Airport (BCN) serves as a hub for Vueling. Consider choosing that as your airline and you will find a plethora of nonstop flights to ORY airport. From there you can fly directly to other parisian cities, like Nice (NCE), Marseille (MRS) and Toulouse (TLS). See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Barcelona-El Prat to Paris? Find which airlines fly direct from Barcelona-El Prat to Paris, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Barcelona-El Prat to Paris Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +16 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +17 more 15 16 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +14 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +15 more 13 14 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +16 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +15 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +16 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +17 more 15 16 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +13 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +14 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +15 more 13 14 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Paris to Barcelona-El Prat Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +16 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +17 more 15 16 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +14 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +15 more 13 14 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +16 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +15 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +16 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +17 more 15 16 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +13 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +15 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Barcelona-El Prat to Paris See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Barcelona to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Barcelona-El Prat to Paris? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82boarding 86crew 78comfort 79food 82overall 77entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Everything from the crew being super accomodating and friendly to the comfort and taste of the food was delicious."Read more about SWISS Pros: "Everything from the crew being super accomodating and friendly to the comfort and taste of the food was delicious." Pros: "The food was great and the crew was very friendly." Cons: "They asked me to pay for my luggages. It is strange" Pros: "It was fine - overall pleasant/nothing." Cons: "It was fine - overall pleasant/nothing wrong, but not outstanding, either. It helps to have no one in the middle seat, but it would have been nicer to have slightly more comfortable seating, and a bit more privacy." Cons: "First plane from Barcelona to Zurich was turned around mid flight for medical emergency. Missed connection flight and had to wait 24 hours for next flight to LA." Pros: "Unexpected food/snacks that were provided.Good crew and the plane was on time." Cons: "Poor boarding process. Plane change caused poor seat selection after they changed the seats that we paid extra for. Very little leg room for an overseas flight." Pros: "Good flight with Swiss friendliness. They even passed out food (sandwich) during this very short flight." Cons: "Nothing, really!" Pros: "upgrade to business class" Cons: "the flight was delayed, so I have arrivede later and was told that I should have been there for the original time..." Pros: "I love Swiss Airlines, would definitely book with them in the future" Pros: "Crew" Cons: "8 kilo limit on carry-on luggage. Customer service attendant issuing boarding passes was less than friendly." Short flight. They served drinks and food, but the flight was full and had to put my hand luggage under the seat. Cons: "Business class is basically what economy is on Air France or Swiss" Cons: "There is no free beverage service, let alone snacks or meals. Some tickets do not allow you to pre-book a meal and there is no way to buy a hot meal even in a 12-hour flight.leg room is a bit small and carry on restrictions are getting lower all the time." Pros: "Flight was the best I've taken in a long time - comfortable plane with plenty of room between rows friendly crew and tasty food" Cons: "Check-in was ridiculous it took almost an hour to check in even though there were not many people in front of us and boarding took a very long time" Pros: "i try to cancel the tickets for 3 weeks now.... please help" Cons: "I wasnt accomodated for my meal preference. The cabin was old and creaked alot. I was not informed by kayak of absence of luggage allowance" Pros: "Flight was on time" Cons: "Perhaps Greek is different from English but I felt the flight attendants ranged from being gentle in their response to being loud and scolding at least in what it soundes to me as a nonGreek speaking person." Pros: "Wider than average seats and a nice meal." Cons: "Plane was not near the gate & we had to ride a bus to the plane." Pros: "Check-in counter mentioned that our ticket did not include checked baggage, but she only charged for one bag (will be checking on my ticket and discussing with Aegean's corporate if I bought the correct ticket with checked bags). Boarding was easy and the crew was very nice and helpful throughout the flight. I was glad that they served a small meal - food was good...we're not talking about a restaurant meal. Seats were good and just wish there was some in-flight entertainment." Cons: "The flight was delayed ninety minutes and caused us to miss our connection. They refused to do anything to help us out and they were reuse on top of it. We were left praying for a hotel on our own, as well as having to purchase new flights. Absolutely horrible customer service - do not ever for this airline!" There were a number of passengers scheduled to transfer to the flight from Vienna to Warsaw. None of them made it because the crew failed to assist them in getting to the gate for the Warsaw bound flight in time. It could have been done very easily with proper assistance. Cons: "Buses to and from the plane. One driver left us in a full bus waiting for 20 minutes. When we arrived in Vienna, there was no bus to pick us up. We had to wait in the plane until one showed up." Pros: "Food was quite good, and they were great about continually offering beverages throughout the flight." Pros: "Friendly crew and ground crew worked VERY quickly and efficiently to deal with a broken plane and switch us all rather seamlessly to a replacement plane. Impressive." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Flight was not on time so I didn’t make the rest of the flights. And tbd new airline lost my luggage." Pros: "I was able to get good seats, front of the plane. 3rd row for all my flights. pretty decent leg room" Cons: "flight was delayed, 2nd Austtian flight delayed in the same day" Pros: "It was better with the earache, plane felt cleaner, the crew was more friendly and attentive. Didn't feel as dark as the first flight." Cons: "The Star Alliance flights aren't that cheap. Comparable price between Lufthansa, Swiss, SAS and Austrian. Lufthansa gives you food, and has friendly service. SAS gives you coffee and tea. On Austrian and Swiss I didn't get anything. For same price range and same alliance, that is a point I keep in mind. Now I mainly try to get onto Lufthansa flights (or Turkish Airlines which is my favorite). Even on Aegean, I got better food, and the magazine was better, plus there were some monitors to track the flight. Austrian feels cheaper than the others. That is the main point I didn't like." Cons: "Transfer in Frankfurt was impossible on time. Had to rebook later flight" Pros: "Very good drink service (one cold and one hot drink)" Pros: "Food, entertainment options, business class seats that lay flat" Cons: "Rang twice for attendants when I dropped my phone behind the seat. Instructed at beginning of flight to not attempt to retrieve an item behind the seat and to have an attendant helped. No one responded to me, so I got it myself. Wasn’t a big deal, but I don’t appreciate being soundly ignored" Pros: "It was fairly comfortable & the staff was pleasant. The initial leg from BCN to Frankfurt went very smoothly." Cons: "The flight 2nd flight from Frankfurt to Boston was significantly delayed for a variety of issues, and ( though not really within Lufthansa’s control) the security at Frankfurt was easily the most disorganized & poorly run situation I’ve ever encountered. There was almost constant interruption for announcements at the outset, with information that wasn’t necessary & actually made waiting for an extra hr + more frustrating. I give the crew/staff credit for doing their jobs well enough that it still managed to be a decent flight in the end." Pros: "Great Crew" Cons: "It would have been better had we not had a delay of 50 Minutes" Pros: "Crew was great. The food Was good." Cons: "Seats were very uncomfortable and there was no air control." Pros: "The pilot pointed out the Alps as we flew over. It was an early flight most were sleeping and we would have missed it had he not mentioned it." Cons: "Nothing all was good" Pros: "Fantastic crew!" Cons: "Both outbound and inbound flights had defective/nonfunctional entertainment screens at our seats." Pros: "The flight was fine, but there was not enough time to transfer between the gates in Frankfurt. That also did not give us enough time for our luggage to transfer." Cons: "Longer transfer between flights in Frankfurt" Pros: "Brand new very nice/comfortable planes. Great routes and flight departure/arrive times. Really great value." Cons: "They’re a budget airline so they nickel and dime you for food and beverage. They are not a member of “sky team” so if they have a flight delay or cancellation they will not book you on another airline." Pros: "The crew was good." Cons: "The infotainment system could be better. My system was not working for the first 3 hours and then the sound went out out completely after 2 hours of use. Also the airbus model still use the outdated 2 prone headphone and I was not able to use my noise canceling headphones." Cons: "Im tall and couldn’t affort the better spaced seats so I was pretty cramped on most flights and I paid over $200 to even get those, just so my wife and I could sit together." Pros: "The boarding was simple and easy. The crew was polite." Cons: "The entertainment touchscreen is right in the headrest and everytine the person behind me wanted to do anything I could feel it. It was very irritating especially when I was able to fall asleep." Pros: "The sear was messy they didn't clean it it was full of pieces of bread." Cons: "boarding the flight on time instead of delaying it two times... and also putting the information at the flight information screen if I haven't gone to ask to the airport information stand I would never know the flight departure gate that was at the complete opposite side of the airport of were the initial flight was going to depart." Cons: "I not get to go my flight, I couldn't get reimbursement" Pros: "Spacious business class seats, excellent meals" Cons: "Lack of ventilation in cabin, and staff refusal to turn heaters down (in September), very limited entertainment options." Pros: "The Delta flight service was much better than the Air France flight I took on the previous leg." Pros: "It was very comfortable and pleasant." Cons: "Could be a little better the service, the dinner was late" Pros: "The schedule and timing" Cons: "The airport, some of the crew, the aircraft seats, the entertainment system" Cons: "Plane is old and entertainment facilities are no longer appropriate" Pros: "Most of the crew tired especially hard to keep everyone comfortable and safe. The food was absolutely amazing." Cons: "Other members of the crew were snarky to passengers and dismissive of questions from passengers during the early stages of the delay. We were all trapped on board for about 4 or so hours without much communication from the crew or captain which made me very anxious. We arrived 5 hrs late and it put my whole trip in jeopardy. Based on this experience, I eont be inclined to use this airline again for future trip planning. This airline will need to work hard to earn my trust back because i felt physically and emotionally unsafe throughout the experience, many times." Cons: "10 minutes late to the airport....... No help, no refund, no nothing. Never using you again" Cons: "No space for legs. No food (just snacks). Very high temperature inside the aircraft. Flight delayed by 45 minutes." SWISS8.0 Aegean Airlines7.8 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Air France7.4 Book cheap flights from Barcelona to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Barcelona to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/23Tue nonstopVueling 1h 50mBCN-ORY $20 Search 2/14Wed nonstopVueling 1h 50mBCN-ORY $22 Search 3/31Sun nonstopeasyJet 2h 05mBCN-CDG $26 Search 2/18Sun nonstopeasyJet 2h 10mBCN-CDG $27 Search 2/7Wed 1 stop 7h 05mBCN-ORY $42 Search 2/14Wed nonstopTransavia France 2h 00mBCN-ORY $44 Search 2/29Thu 1 stop 13h 55mBCN-ORY $46 Search 12/11Mon nonstopTransavia France 2h 00mBCN-ORY $50 Search 12/16Sat nonstopAir France 2h 00mBCN-CDG $133 Search 12/30Sat nonstopAir France 2h 00mBCN-CDG $260 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineVuelingeasyJetTransavia FranceAir France Search by price$20 or less$30 or less$40 or less$50 or less$260 or less Last minute flights from Barcelona-El Prat to Paris Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Barcelona to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun nonstopVueling 2h 05mBCN-CDG 12/4Mon nonstopVueling 1h 50mCDG-BCN $107 Search 12/1Fri nonstopVueling 2h 05mBCN-CDG 12/4Mon nonstopVueling 1h 50mCDG-BCN $115 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 1h 55mBCN-CDG 12/6Wed nonstop 1h 45mCDG-BCN $120 Search 12/3Sun nonstopeasyJet 2h 10mBCN-CDG 12/13Wed nonstopeasyJet 1h 45mCDG-BCN $123 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 15h 10mBCN-ORY 12/4Mon nonstop 1h 40mORY-BCN $130 Search 12/1Fri nonstopTransavia France 2h 00mBCN-ORY 12/3Sun nonstopTransavia France 1h 40mORY-BCN $134 Search 12/1Fri nonstopTransavia France 2h 00mBCN-ORY 12/4Mon nonstopTransavia France 1h 40mORY-BCN $136 Search 12/4Mon nonstopeasyJet 2h 10mBCN-CDG 12/6Wed nonstopeasyJet 1h 45mCDG-BCN $138 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAir France 2h 00mBCN-CDG 12/10Sun nonstopAir France 1h 45mCDG-BCN $372 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAir France 2h 00mBCN-CDG 12/8Fri nonstopAir France 1h 45mCDG-BCN $679 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineVuelingeasyJetTransavia FranceAir France Search by price$120 or less$120 or less$130 or less$140 or less$680 or less Barcelona - Paris Flights Departure: Barcelona (BCN)Spain Return flight deals: Paris - Barcelona Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris $1,117 Business Class flights to Paris $1,686 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris $41 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » Barcelona-El Prat $70Flights from Barcelona-El Prat Airport to Paris Browse destinations: Flights » Paris $70Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris $73Flights to Paris Orly Airport, Paris Compare transportation modes for Barcelona to Paris Average price Average duration Flights $558 1h 50m Trains $143 6h 45m Buses $74 12h 21m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Paris flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris from Barcelona. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Paris from Barcelona. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.