Car Rentals in Iceland from C$ 32/day - Search for Rental Cars on KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Iceland car rentals Search hundreds of rental car sites at once for car rental deals in Iceland Same drop-off Thu 7/12 Noon Thu 14/12 Noon Search Driver's age: 26-65Other Cheap car rentals in Iceland Economy C$ 32/day Compact C$ 52/day Intermediate C$ 40/day SUV C$ 40/day Full-size SUV C$ 180/day Mini C$ 36/day Passenger Van C$ 176/day Compact SUV C$ 41/day Intermediate SUV C$ 41/day Compact station wagon C$ 43/day Standard SUV C$ 57/day Commercial C$ 241/day 2 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 4 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 2 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 2 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 4 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 4 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 2 Bags View DealBest rates found by KAYAK users in the past 48 hours. Top tips for renting a car in Iceland Visitors who wish to explore the island’s famous wildlife and scenery would do well to rent a car in Iceland: public transportation is generally limited to larger towns and cities. The majority of agencies are represented in the capital city of Reykjavik and at Reykjavik International Airport, meaning it’s easy to pick up a vehicle and enjoy travel flexibility as soon as you arrive. Popular road trip routes include the Golden Circle and Snæfellsnes Peninsula (plan around 2 days for each), or a 10-day journey around the ring road. Mountain roads in Iceland are known as "F roads" and are open only seasonally; the first drivable day is usually between the end of June and the middle of July. While these roads are a great way to access some of the country’s areas of natural beauty, it is important to note that it is only legal to travel them in a four-wheel drive or jeep. Drivers using the main ring road in Iceland may pass through the Vadlaheidargong Tunnel, which is located in the north of the island and extends for 7.5 km (4.7 mi). The tunnel is a convenient way of shortening your journey and avoiding difficult driving conditions in the winter months. Payment is required online through the tunnel website, costing 1,500 ISK (12 USD) if paid within 3h of your trip, or 2,500 ISK (20 USD) if paid later. There are several additional regulations that are important to know when renting a car in Iceland, particularly the use of headlights. Even during daylight hours (including during the summer), headlights are to be switched on at all times. Seatbelts must be worn by all passengers, and it is forbidden to use a cell phone while driving, unless it’s a hands-free kit over the front controls. Finally, please be mindful that off-road driving is illegal and is punishable with a high fine or even jail time. 25% of our users found rental cars in Iceland for C$ 60 or less Book your rental car in Iceland at least 1 day before your trip in order to get a below-average price Off-airport rental car locations in Iceland are around 8% cheaper than airport locations on average Intermediate rental cars in Iceland are around -1% cheaper than other car types, on average FAQs about renting a car in Iceland How much does it cost to rent a car in Iceland? On average a rental car in Iceland costs C$ 52 per day. What is the most popular rental car in Iceland? Intermediate (Suzuki SX4 S-Cross or similar) is the most frequently booked rental car type in Iceland. What is the cheapest car rental company in Iceland? In the past 72 hours, the cheapest rental cars were found at Ace (C$ 32/day), City Car (C$ 36/day) and Sixt (C$ 37/day). What is the best rental car company in Iceland? Based on ratings and reviews from real users on KAYAK, the best car rental companies in Iceland are Hertz (8.2, 56 reviews), and Europcar (7.8, 51 reviews). How can I find car rentals near me in Iceland? Take a look at our extensive car rental location map to find the best rental cars near you. Where should I rent a car in Iceland? Based on car searches on KAYAK, the most popular cities to rent a car in Iceland are Reykjavik (81% of total searches of users looking to rent a car in Iceland), Keflavik (18%) and Akureyri (0%). How much does it cost to rent a car for a week in Iceland? On average a rental car in Iceland costs C$ 545 per week (C$ 78 per day). How much does it cost to rent a car long term for a month in Iceland? On average a rental car in Iceland costs C$ 2,335 per month (C$ 78 per day). What is driving like in Iceland? Driving in Iceland can be an adventurous experience: aside from the main ring road, which goes around the island, you will find plenty of gravel roads and roads with other loose surfaces. During the winter months or in rainy conditions, many of these become impassable due to snow or mud, so it is always important to drive carefully and leave plenty of time to make even a simple trip. How old do you have to be to rent a car in Iceland? To rent a car in Iceland, the driver needs to be at least 18 years old and have held his or her license for a minimum of 12 months. Those who wish to rent a minibus or four-wheel drive, however, must be at least 23 years old. Drivers between 18 and 20 years old may have to pay an additional surcharge of approximately 620-1240 ISK (5-10 USD) per day with an agency like Avis. An International Driver’s Permit (IDP) is not necessary for renting a car in Iceland, but the driver’s domestic license must be in English. How are gas prices in Iceland? Gas prices in Iceland are generally quite high, and four-wheel drives can cost a lot to fill up (expect to pay around 10,000 ISK (80 USD) for a full jeep tank). Gas stations require drivers to use a credit card with a pin number and commonly offer extra things like fresh groceries or a free car wash. As stations can be few and far between, it is important to refuel regularly and never let your gas levels drop below half a tank. What are the speed limits in Iceland? Speed limits in Iceland are generally quite low thanks to unpredictable weather and road conditions. In towns and cities, drivers are limited to 50 km/h (31 mph), while paved highways in rural areas have a maximum speed limit of 90 km/h (56 mph). Gravel roads, as found in many parts of the country, have a maximum speed limit of 80 km/h (50 mph). Speeding fines are high and speed cameras common even on rural roads. Car rental directory keddy by Europcar car rental locations in Iceland 20 LocationsSee all locations Sunnycars car rental locations in Iceland 19 LocationsSee all locations Hertz car rental locations in Iceland 17 LocationsSee all locations Europcar car rental locations in Iceland 16 LocationsSee all locations Budget car rental locations in Iceland 8 LocationsSee all locations Avis car rental locations in Iceland 7 LocationsSee all locations Ice Rental 4x4 car rental locations in Iceland 6 LocationsSee all locations Dollar car rental locations in Iceland 5 LocationsSee all locations Fair Car car rental locations in Iceland 5 LocationsSee all locations Geysir Car Rental car rental locations in Iceland 5 LocationsSee all locations Global Rent A Car car rental locations in Iceland 5 LocationsSee all locations Thrifty car rental locations in Iceland 5 LocationsSee all locations Good to know Most popular agency Sixt Most popular car type Intermediate Average price C$ 78/day Good deal C$ 60/day When to book a rental car in Iceland Average daily price per month Rental car prices as pick-up date approaches Car rental locations in Iceland Reykjavik car rentals Akureyri car rentals Keflavik car rentals Isafjordur car rentals Popular car rental locations Reykjavik car rentals Keflavik car rentals Akureyri car rentals Isafjordur car rentals Capital Region car rentals Cars Car rentals in Europe Iceland car rentals The rates displayed include all taxes and fees for car rentals for the class listed and were found by KAYAK users in the last 48 hours. Offers are subject to change and may not be available on all car rentals listed or dates of travel. Some car rental providers charge additional fees for other services (GPS, infant car seats, etc.). Please check the car rental providers' sites. Cars Toronto Car Rentals London Car Rentals Las Vegas Car Rentals San Francisco Car Rentals Sao Paulo Car Rentals Florence Car Rentals Puerto Vallarta Car Rentals Gander Car Rentals Simpson Bay Car Rentals Rome Car Rentals Paris Car Rentals London Car Rentals La Spezia Car Rentals Cancún Car Rentals Orlando Car Rentals Québec City Car Rentals Calgary Car Rentals Tampa Car Rentals Dublin Car Rentals Montreal Car Rentals Riga Car Rentals Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for cheap rental cars in Iceland with KAYAK and rent a car that suits you best. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the best rental car deal at car rental locations across Iceland. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.