Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center C$ 48 (C̶$̶ ̶2̶0̶7̶). Orlando Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center 6515 International Drive, Orlando, FL 32819, United States+1 407 996 0900 From C$ 48 Cheapest rate per night 7.0 Good based on 22,811 reviews Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Room type Provider Nightly total Deluxe room C$ 48 View Deal Standard Room C$ 79 View Deal Double room C$ 88 View Deal 156 more Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center deals 156 more Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center deals About Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center Resort Room Enjoy the many amenities of the resort Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi and Parking for free Avanti Palms Resort and Conference Center is located in the heart of International Drive. Guests can take a refreshing plunge in the pool or unwind in the hot tub. 2 on-site restaurants are provided for guests needing a bite to eat. 20,000 sq.ft. of conference space is provided for a variety of meetings and events. Universal Orlando Resort is 1.7 mi from the resort. All rooms include a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom with a combination shower and bath. Rooms located in the tower building include a seating area. Guests needing to get in a quick workout will enjoy the on-site 24-hour fitness center. There are 2 on-site restaurants, which serve a variety of American dishes, and 2 on-site bars. The cafe serves Starbucks® coffee. The Orange County Convention Center is 2.9 mi away, while the Orlando International Airport is 9.9 mi from the property. Read more Photos of Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center Bedroom 1/32 Bedroom 2/32 Bedroom 3/32 Outdoors view 4/32 Pool 5/32 Pool 6/32 Pool 7/32 Bedroom 8/32 Lobby 9/32 Bedroom 10/32 Bedroom 11/32 Pool 12/32 Conference room 13/32 Bedroom 14/32 Building 15/32 Gym 16/32 Conference room 17/32 Conference room 18/32 Building 19/32 Restaurant 20/32 Building 21/32 Pool 22/32 Outdoors view 23/32 Outdoors view 24/32 Gym 25/32 Bathroom 26/32 Building 27/32 Shop 28/32 Room amenity 29/32 Hotel amenity 30/32 Conference room 31/32 Outdoors view 32/32 All photos(32) Bedroom(7) Pool(5) Building(4) Conference room(4) View all photos Latest deals for Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Superior Room See amenities C$ 107 View deal C$ 112 View deal C$ 115 View deal Show 10 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 79 View deal C$ 84 View deal C$ 97 View deal Show 10 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 99 View deal C$ 124 View deal C$ 126 View deal Show 10 more deals Luxury Room See amenities C$ 135 View deal C$ 144 View deal C$ 145 View deal Show 1 more deal Double room See amenities C$ 88 View deal C$ 97 View deal C$ 101 View deal Show 10 more deals Deluxe room See amenities C$ 48 View deal C$ 73 View deal C$ 76 View deal Show 10 more deals King room See amenities C$ 111 View deal C$ 116 View deal C$ 120 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center Outdoor pool Fitness centre Restaurant Bar/Lounge Room service Free Wi-Fi Coffee machine Free parking Business centre Wi-Fi available in all areas Health and safety Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces First-aid kit Enhanced cleaning Safe Services and conveniences ATM on-site Business centre Car rental Concierge service Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Room service Tour desk Key card access 24hr front desk Safety deposit box Basics Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Fire extinguisher Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Air-conditioned Free Wi-Fi Towels Shampoo Conditioner Dining Restaurant Bar/Lounge Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Microwave Snack bar Refrigerator Coffee machine Vending machine (drinks) Pool and spa Heated pool Hot tub Outdoor pool Pool towels Pool with a view Pool bar Bathroom Hairdryer Private bathroom Shower Bathtub Toilet Toilet paper General Family rooms Interconnected room(s) available Pool view Storage available Seating area Telephone Accessibility and suitability No smoking Designated smoking area Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Disabled Access Elevator Laundry Laundry facilities Ironing service Laundry service Pants press Iron and ironing board Parking and transportation Free parking Shuttle service (additional charge) Private parking Airport shuttle Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV Radio TV Bedroom Alarm clock Clothes rack Wardrobe or closet Things to do Gift shop Game room Pool table Workspace Fax/photocopying Desk Family friendly Child pool Kids meals Outdoor Terrace/Patio Fitness Fitness centre Show all 97 amenities Reviews of Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center 7.0 GoodBased on 22,811 verified guest reviews 7.0Friends 6.9Families 7.0Couples 7.0Solo Traveller type: Friends Families Couples Solo Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention room was cleanpool areagreat locationfriendly staffbreakfast includedclose to universalfront deskclose to parksshuttle serviceice machinefirst nightgreat viewnice roomsroom was dirtyvolcano baywalls are thinbathroom doorbed was comfortableshower curtain Traveler rating: Poor (248) Mediocre (74) Fair (117) Okay (76) Good (109) Very good (124) Wonderful (278) Sort by: Newest first V 4.0 Mediocre Valentin, Mar. 2023 Loud neighbors Parking is a hassle Roach crawling in my room E 4.0 Mediocre Eric, May 2021 Pros:The staff was nice in the lobby locked clean and nice also. Cons:The room was not what I was expecting. The outside and inside looked more like a rundown motel than a ‘resort’ like their name suggests. There seem to be no insulation between the walls or outside because I could hear conversations clear as day. There was a dead bug and stains on the sheets, hair on a face towel, and water stains on the ceiling. Sad to say, I won’t be returning to Avanti and can’t recommend it. A 8.0 Very good Andrea, May 2021 Pros:The free breakfast was very convenient and so was the shuttle! Cons:The pool area had kids doing cannon balls into the hot tub, cups and garbage laying around, and no one watching. A 2.0 Poor Anonymous, Nov. 2016 Pros:The outside scenery Cons:Dirty hotel. (Blood stained bath tubs) (Motel 6 quality room) No shuttle to the airport. A 2.8 Poor Anonymous, Sep. 2016 Pros:There was mold everywhere, the mirrors had black streaks all over them. The ice machine did not work and the room smelled disgusting. The pictures of the "resort" online were nothing like what we stayed in. I would advise to never ever here. it is disgusting. Old, dingy and not worth the money. P 8.5 Very good Phil, Sep. 2016 Pros:Pool was big and nice Jacuzzi was awesome but needs more bubble jets Lots of things to do in walking distance Cons:Coffee Maker was missing parts and unusable Air conditioner was very loud but worked ok A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Jun. 2016 Pros:Great location, great rooms for the price W 4.2 Mediocre William, May 2016 Pros:Staff made sure to get me a new room after the A/C didnt work. Cons:All the pictures of it online are bs. Everything is very outdated A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Apr. 2016 Pros:We will definitely come back. A 2.2 Poor Anonymous, Mar. 2016 Pros:The price was the only good part but you get what you paid for. The website is deceiving because it shows the renovated tower and the rooms there. Cons:Carpet was dirty. Hallways had trash and filth. Room service only left 1 towel and no soap or shampoo after 1st night. Hotel is located close to resorts but is in the ghetto. Police had someone pulled over in the parking lot. Pool area was not cleaned with trash, plastic bags, teeth flossers, you name it--- it was there. Pay more money and stay somewhere else Location 6515 International Drive, Orlando, FL 32819 What's nearby Universal's Islands of Adventure1.4 km Wizarding World of Harry Potter1.6 km Fun Spot America1.6 km Skeletons: Animals Unveiled1.7 km Universal Orlando Resort2.2 km Orlando Premium Outlets International Drive2.5 km SeaWorld Orlando5.5 km Discovery Cove5.9 km Basilica of the National Shrine of Mary, Queen of the Universe8.6 km La Nouba11 km Magic Kingdom Park11.7 km Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park11.7 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 4:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center Low season December High season April Average price (weeknight) C$ 117 Average price (weekend night) C$ 117 Cheapest month to stay with an average 31% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 173% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center If you’re after a cheap room at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in December and August. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center, plan to stay on a Thursday or Wednesday. The most expensive day is usually Tuesday. The cheapest price a room at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 114, while the most expensive was C$ 114. How long should you stay at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 5 days. FAQs when booking at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center Can I book an early check-in or late check-out at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center? If you are arriving on an early flight and would like to check in before the usual time, contact the front desk before you arrive. If you would like to sleep in on the day of your departure, make a request at the front desk on the night before you depart. Early check-in and late check-out are based on available rooms. Are there any special packages or discounts at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center? The Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center offers a range of deals throughout the year, so guests can enjoy great value for money on vacation in Orlando. Discounted room rates are available for senior citizens and members of the AAA and AARP. Florida and Georgia residents also benefit from seasonal staycation packages. What is the pet policy at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center? Guests accompanied by pets are accommodated in the Garden building, which is close to the Bark Park, where you can take your dog for a walk. One pet is allowed per suite, and they must weigh less than 25 lb and have updated vaccination records. Guests will be charged a pet fee for the duration of the stay. What kind of recreational activities can I find close to Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center? If you’re staying at Avanti Palms in Orlando, the resort is located close to world-famous theme parks, including Universal Studios, Walt Disney World, and Legoland, which are popular with kids of all ages. There are plenty of family-friendly attractions nearby, including The Crayola Experience and the Orlando Eye observation wheel. Visitors can also visit The Florida Mall, the largest mall in Orlando, or find great bargains at the premium shopping outlets. Can Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center accommodate group bookings? If you’re planning a family reunion or organizing a group vacation with friends, colleagues or a sports team, Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center is a great place to host your group. Blocks of connecting rooms can be allocated to your group to make access easier. Indoor function spaces and poolside areas are also available if you require a private space for a party. A shuttle service to the nearby theme parks is included in your stay, so you don’t need to worry about organizing transport. Discounted entry tickets are also available for purchase at the concierge in the lobby. Group savings on room rates are available for bookings of 10 or more rooms. What kind of accessible amenities are available at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center? The Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center has ADA compliant facilities to accommodate people of all abilities. Common areas and routes throughout the resort are fully accessible by wheelchair, including from the guest rooms to the pool, concierge desk, restaurants, meeting rooms, and parking spaces. The swimming pool is also accessible, with a self-operating lift. Accessible guest rooms feature bathrooms with roll-in showers, grab bars, and an ADA compliant toilet. Where is Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center located? Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center is located at 6515 International Drive in Florida Center, 12.6 km from the centre of Orlando. Universal's Islands of Adventure is the closest landmark to Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center. When is check-in time and check-out time at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center? Check-in time is 4:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center. Does Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center offers free Wi-Fi. Does Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center offer free parking? Yes, Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center offers free parking. How far is Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center from the airport? Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center is 15.7 km from Orlando. Does Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center have a pool? Yes, Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center in Orlando and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center. Nearby hotels and places to stay ClosestSee more nearby stays Rental #3 Location Location Location!0.04 kmAdults only, Outdoor pool, KitchenC$ 255+ Rental Prestige Resort Studio near Universal & Disney8.6 Excellent (3 reviews)0.1 kmBalcony, air-conditionedC$ 182+ Rental Modern Studio on I-Drive: parking + pool included9.3 Excellent (16 reviews)0.23 kmPrivate pool, Outdoor pool, Hot tubC$ 155+ Rental Studio near Universal Studios with great view9.7 Excellent (4 reviews)0.23 kmLake view, Outdoor pool, Hot tubC$ 176+ CheapestSee cheapest stays in Orlando 2-star hotel 23% cheaperEcono Lodge International Drive6.3 Good (1,741 reviews)0.29 kmOutdoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Tea/coffee makerC$ 67+ 2-star hotel 16% cheaperFloridian Express International Drive5.3 Okay (6,579 reviews)0.34 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 74+ 2-star hotel 14% cheaperTravelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive6.2 Good (169 reviews)0.26 kmOutdoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Tea/coffee makerC$ 75+ 3-star hotel 2% cheaperRosen Inn Closest to Universal8 Excellent (10,242 reviews)0.27 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 86+ Most recommendedSee most recommended stays in Orlando Rental Newly Renovated Suite, Amazing Water View Best Location to Disney and Universal10 Excellent (1 review)0.32 kmOutdoor pool, Kitchen, kitchenetteC$ 162+ Rental (2505) Lakefront Condo10 Excellent (1 review)0.39 kmKitchen, wifi, air-conditionedC$ 370+ Rental Studio near Universal Studios with great view9.7 Excellent (4 reviews)0.23 kmLake view, Outdoor pool, Hot tubC$ 176+ Rental Welcome, to our fully remodeled home studio.9.3 Excellent (3 reviews)0.27 kmBalcony, air-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 201+ Good to know Value for money 7.6 Distance to downtown 12.6 km Nearest Airport Orlando Distance to airport 16.2 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Florida Orlando Hotels Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center Top Hotel Destinations Seattle Hotels Grand Forks Hotels London Hotels Coquitlam Hotels New York Hotels Calgary Hotels Niagara Falls Hotels Málaga Hotels Buenos Aires Hotels Burlington Hotels Peterborough Hotels Playa del Carmen Hotels Saint John Hotels Kitchener Hotels Chiang Mai Hotels Toronto hotels Vancouver hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Edmonton hotels Kelowna hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center discounts in Orlando with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center in Orlando. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center that suits you best. C$ 87 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.