Cheap Flights from Dallas Fort Worth to Atlanta from $20 | (DFW - ATL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW DFW - ATL Find cheap flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta from $20 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Atlanta These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Atlanta, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Atlanta, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Dallas to Atlanta?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dallas to Atlanta that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 3:55 pm - 7:09 pmDFW-ATL 2h 14mnonstop 10:15 am - 11:49 amATL-DFW 2h 34mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 5:15 pm - 8:24 pmDFW-ATL 2h 09mnonstop 12:45 pm - 2:20 pmATL-DFW 2h 35mnonstop $40Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Wed, Jan 31 6:31 pm - 9:40 pmDFW-ATL 2h 09mnonstop 10:15 am - 11:49 amATL-DFW 2h 34mnonstop $49Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Tue, Jan 16 9:56 am - 6:13 pmDFW-ATL 7h 17m1 stop 10:15 am - 11:49 amATL-DFW 2h 34mnonstop $53Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 5:35 am - 6:17 pmDFW-ATL 11h 42m1 stop 12:45 pm - 2:20 pmATL-DFW 2h 35mnonstop $54Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Wed, Jan 31 3:55 pm - 7:09 pmDFW-ATL 2h 14mnonstop 7:15 am - 8:48 amATL-DFW 2h 33mnonstop $62 Find Deal Sun, Dec 17 - Tue, Dec 19 6:15 am - 9:30 amDFW-ATL 2h 15mnonstop 6:25 am - 8:07 amATL-DFW 2h 42mnonstop $73Frontier Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Wed, Jan 10 9:25 am - 12:44 amDFW-ATL 14h 19m1 stop 6:45 am - 8:22 amATL-DFW 2h 37mnonstop $83Frontier Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Tue, Dec 12 11:28 pm - 10:05 pmDFW-ATL 21h 37m1 stop 6:35 am - 8:12 amATL-DFW 2h 37mnonstop $88Frontier Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Thu, Dec 14 9:08 pm - 12:18 amDFW-ATL 2h 10mnonstop 7:10 am - 8:43 amATL-DFW 2h 33mnonstop $96Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sun, Dec 24 Show more results Flights from Dallas to Atlanta - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dallas to Atlanta to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta is February, where tickets cost $136 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are November and October, where the average cost of tickets is $201 and $188 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 43 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta found on KAYAK was with Spirit Airlines for $20. Spirit Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $39 and Frontier from $73. Which airlines fly non-stop between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Atlanta? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta. They are: American Airlines, Delta, Frontier and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $43 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Atlanta per day? Each day, there are between 8 and 18 nonstop flights that take off from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and land in Atlanta, with an average flight time of 2h 07m. The most common departure time is 12:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 99 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Atlanta? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta take? A direct flight to Atlanta will take on average 2h 08m to travel the 730 miles flying distance from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport at 5:20 am and will be landing in Atlanta at 8:27 am. What’s the latest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta jets off at 9:38 pm and lands at 12:48 am. Good to know Low season January High season March Cheapest flight $20 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 5% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 4% lower on average. Flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta When to book flights from Dallas to Atlanta Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dallas to Atlanta based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta flights Which airlines fly directly from Dallas Airport to Atlanta Airport? There are different airlines offering non-stop daily flights from Dallas to Atlanta, including Spirit, Delta Airlines, and American Airlines. American flies out of Terminals A, B, C, D, and E, Delta operates out of Terminals D or E, and Spirit is based in Terminal E. Which airline offers the best services? Spirit flights tend to be cheaper, but luggage may not be included. Delta has a Delta Sky Club lounge in Terminal E at DFW, and American Airlines has several lounges in Terminals A, B, C, D, and E, where you can relax and enjoy the amenities before boarding your flight. How do I get to the rental car center at ATL? Aside from the Plane Train and the shuttle buses, the SkyTrain people-mover service also runs from the domestic terminal to the Georgia International Convention Center and then to the airport’s rental car center. Are there onsite hotels at Atlanta Airport? If you need accommodation near the airport, there are several hotels in the area, including high-end options such as the Hilton. The hotel shuttles stop on the Purple Aisle in the Ground Transportation area, between the Domestic North and Domestic South terminals. Some hotels can be easily accessed via the Georgia International Convention Center stop of the SkyTrain, including the Springhill Suites Gateway, Marriott Atlanta Gateway, and the Renaissance Atlanta Airport Gateway. Do I need a passport to fly between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Atlanta? No Which airports will I be using when flying from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? When flying out of Dallas/Fort Worth Airport you will be using Dallas/Fort Worth. You will be landing at Atlanta, also known as Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta flight route: American Airlines, Delta, Alaska Airlines, Iberia, Finnair, British Airways, Cape Air, Avianca, JetBlue, LATAM Airlines, Gulf Air, Japan Airlines, and Korean Air. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Atlanta, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? There are nonstop flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Dallas to Atlanta, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Dallas to Atlanta are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $250 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $271 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Atlanta from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Atlanta with an airline and back to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and ATL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Atlanta from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from DFW to Atlanta Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $89 or less one-way and $208 or less round-trip. The Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART) service offers different ways to go from downtown Dallas to Dallas Fort Worth Airport (DFW). You can take the DART Rail Orange Line, which runs from 4 a.m. to 1 a.m. and drops you off at Terminal A. You can then use the Terminal Link Shuttle to get to other terminals. Otherwise, the Trinity Railway Express (TEXRail) service also goes to the airport, stopping at Terminal B. The DART bus route 408 is yet another option. If you want to navigate the different terminals at DFW, you can use Skylink, a free light rail train service connecting all five terminals. It runs every two minutes, with the maximum ride time between the airport’s farthest points being nine minutes. If you have an early flight from DFW and wish to stay at the airport the night before, there are a few options: the Grand Hyatt DFW in Terminal D, the Hyatt Place DFW in the airport’s Southgate Plaza, and the Minute Suites Nap Center in Terminal A and Terminal D. Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL), also known as Atlanta Airport, features seven concourses: T, A, B, C, D, E, and F. Once you’ve cleared security, the Plane Train service will take you to any terminal. Pre-security, the terminal-to-terminal shuttle buses, which run every few minutes, also take travelers from the domestic terminal to the international terminal. Travelers arriving at ATL have different ways of getting to the city center: The Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) operates the rail services from the airport to downtown, with the Red and Gold Line trains running every 10-12 minutes. There are also several shared-ride shuttle services, such as ATL Airport Shuttle, that can drop you off at any location in the city. Otherwise, taxis, Uber (or similar app-based services), and rental cars are also available at ATL. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Dallas/Fort Worth to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson? Find which airlines fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth to Hartsfield-Jackson, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Dallas/Fort Worth to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Dallas/Fort Worth Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +14 more Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +14 more Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +14 more Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Dallas to Atlanta See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Dallas to Atlanta. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dallas to Atlanta? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29961 reviews 81overall 85crew 78entertainment 75food 78comfort 81boarding Airline reviews Pros: "Everything. Food, staff, checking in. All were great" Cons: "Would have preferred they let me choose a window seat. I wasn’t given the option"Read more about Delta Pros: "Everything. Food, staff, checking in. All were great" Cons: "Would have preferred they let me choose a window seat. I wasn’t given the option" Pros: "Crew was very kind and entertainment was good when available" Cons: "WiFi in all flights" Pros: "Crew was great as always. Friendly and professional" Cons: "We had a delay that complicated our getting home but all ended up OK" Pros: "The crew was great and the service was quick and very nice." Cons: "It sounds weird but I didn’t know which window was mine so I had one shut and the one in front of me shut during the flight." Pros: "First time flying into Daytona and it was super easy." Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "The new "class of service" rules are really awful. "Pay for privilege" is terrible customer service." Cons: "I was first in line for a 1st class upgrade. They didn’t upgrade me but when I got on the plane, the flight attendant randomly asked someone if they wanted to move to 1st class because of an open sest" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Wouldn’t let us take our carry-on because they had overbooked and had no more room in overhead. Delayed our first flight and then our connecting flight left *early*. (If you know you have customers with short connections, why leave early to make their connections even shorter?) Then told us they would not pay for our hotel since it wasn’t their fault. Gave us a “discount” with a nearby hotel that was more expensive than what you could book it for online. Had to wait several hours for them to get us back the carry-on luggage that they insisted we check in the first place." Pros: "I don’t know what Delta could have done better on this two leg flight from Albuqueque to Miami via Atlanta . Yes we were in First Class and it was a (groan) 6:05 AM flight which meant that we were probably on time. But Delta’s 737-900 (to Atlanta) was very comfortable, the crew did everything well and the breakfast was quite good. (Make sure you try the quiche). We had the same crew on the next leg to Miam, who were surprised and gave us a warm welcome. There were only snacks in 1st for that short segment, but they were all we wanted." Cons: "Air turbulence over the Midwest storms." Cons: "We boarded on time and were ready to leave the gate early. Somehow the pilot and air traffic controller managed to take 1 hour for de ice and takeoff even though we were 2nd in the queue. No excuse!" Pros: "The crew did their job." Cons: "At least monitors to watch a movie since there is no food in first class..." Pros: "The crew was nice, the seating was poor rather you paid to pick or not. When boarding you are told to social distance but you got folk sitting bunched up together with someone sitting next to you the whole flight. Delta doesn’t have people sitting in the middle seats. Poor flight when it comes to safety or health over money. SAD!" Pros: "No. they put me in the middle of aisle seat. It is hard for me to get up for use the bath room." Cons: "I am an old man also I have a bladder problem. They should assign my seat by the aisle so I can get up when I want to use the bath room. Also they are a lot of empty seats." Cons: "I don’t understand the concept of the ability to use your mobile device for entertainment, yet not having a power source to charge your device." Pros: "Friendly crew" Cons: "Having to pick up our luggage when getting off plane from Sydney, just to walk them around the corner to be put on flight to ATL. (I thought luggage handlers were paid for this). Luggage had already been put through security!! This put us in a TOTAL RUSH just to make it on the plane ourselves!" Cons: "I expect better service from American Airlines, total disappointment. Given incorrect information by 2 gate agents concerning connecting flight delays." Pros: "Wi-Fi was great. Watched two movies. Flight was on time and painless" Cons: "Only complimentary snack was pretzels and only a cup of water." Pros: "We left on time and the crew was very polite and helpful." Cons: "Seats very uncomfortable. They would not recline at all. I was not looking to lay down but sitting straight up for 2 hours made it very uncomfortable. But, I guess since you added the extra seats, there is not enough room for anything. I am only 5'7" and feel sorry for those people who are much taller." Cons: "Missed flight in DFW. All other flights full. Had to reroute thru Miami" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Lost luggage for more than 18 hours. Poor costumer service by baggage assistance: Too many issues to even mention it. Arrived in Cancun w/o luggages and connection to Cuba with another airline and no luggages for 2 weeks." Pros: "The flight attendants were very courteous." Cons: "Seats are way too close together. I am 6’ tall and if I wasn’t sitting with my rear pressed against the back of the seat, my knees were jammed into the seat in front of me. Zero elbow room. I’m fairly skinny and still thank god I had the aisle seat because with arms at my sides, my shoulders touched the small woman next to me and stuck into the aisle so that when the drink cart came by I had to physically lean toward the windows to get out of the way. No entertainment unless paid for, which is fine, except that the flight attendant and the announcements both stated that at least a movie was included. Outdated jet. No where to charge anything. Couldn’t work on my computer because to type, my elbow took up most of the other persons seat." Pros: "Quiet flight." Cons: "Our luggage didn’t make it to us in its entirety." Pros: "On time flight." Cons: "Security was overzealous. I didn't know the standards changed for how many ounces you could carry over three days. The normal ounces of liquid was no more than 4.0 ounces. I had no problem going through security with that amount of spray deodorant flying from IAW, Dulles. DFW airport security says the limit is no more than 3.4 ounces. So they kept my harmless deodorant. I need TSA to get on the same sheet of music worldwide. People don't have time or money to waste having to deal with different TSA standards everywhere they go." Pros: "Everything went good. Crew was professional, flight was on time" Pros: "The flight wasn't too packed." Cons: "My husband and I flew from Newark to Atlanta on 03/12/2017 with United. My husband is active duty military and Alicia assisted us with checking in our baggage. She was very kind and helpful. After retrieving our tickets, we went through Security and my goodness, the process at Newark is awful and TSA WAS EXTREMELY RUDE. That's besides the point. Our flight was delayed because the pilot was not there. Our departure was at 0605 and we didn't leave until 0630. Everyone boarded the plane and we were waiting for the pilot. Then the crew members were pretty rude and not friendly. I know it's an early bird flight but jeez, they can be a little nicer. One stewardess had high heel boots and literally would stomp up and down the aisle. Then she kept saying my purse was not under my seat which it clearly was. I don't know where else she'd like me to put it, maybe in the passengers seat in front of me. I would probably not fly United unless I have no other choice." Pros: "All was handled beautifully!! Great flight and we arrived early!!" Pros: "On board entertainment was great." Cons: "For the second flight in a row, our flight was over 2 1/2 hours late. In fact, this flight was three hours late, including the maintenance issues that cropped up once we were all boarded. This came after a 2 1/2 hour wait due to a different maintenance issue with the plane. The gate attendant was extremely uneducated regarding the issue, and how long it would take to resolve. For over an hour, he told us that the plane was taxiing from the hanger. Assuming the hanger was at the same airport we were, I seriously doubt this was the case." Cons: "The plane was full I was given a seat assignment. Why was it when I got to my seat a child was sitting in the seat and the flight attendant states "oh I was handling that we need to get u a seat of hers one sit here" at the back off the plane by the restroom and food area. It maybe good for staff but I paid almost $300 for a tkt to be told oh here a seat sit here. No accommodation was made for the seating switch . No I was not looking for first or business class just to be asked would have been nice" Cons: "Pay for ticket and couldn't get a seat assignment. Had to go to the kiosk before my flight and try to get a seat. It processed for 5 minutes while I waited thinking it was stuck. Finally it told me there were no seats available unless I wanted to pay for upgrade. Gee I thought a seat came with the price of a ticket. Then there was no shoulder room in the seating and I am an average sized person. There was leg room because it was an exit row. Then they tried to sell me a round-trip ticket that was more costly than buying individual tickets. What a scam." Pros: "Not one thing." Cons: "I chose to fly UA back from a trip to Fort Worth because your price was cheaper than the airline I normally use. Boy do I know why! You have the rudest staff I have ever encountered. My day started out at 6:30am with one of your staff members rudely telling me I had to check my bag, which met all of the dimension requirements you put in place, because two notches on the back side of the carry on did not allow it to completely slide into the display. This women waited until you were halfway through the security line to call you back and make you measure the suitcase. So then you had to walk back through a long line and find yourself even FURTHER back in the line to get through security. She was so unprofessional- not compassionate, unpleasant attitude, and was all about making sure as many people as possible had to pay the extra $25 for a checked bag. The person I flew with is a military wife and you would not honor the free checked bag because her husband was not on the trip and this policy was not included anywhere on her flight documents. Again, the "customer service" reps were rude to her about this and she had to pay the $25 to check her bag. You do not believe in offering quality customer service or ensuring that we have a pleasant experience, you want our money and look to us as an opportunity to make a dollar. Never again!!!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The aircraft looks like a WWI aircraft. So dirty. Floors were nasty with food not picked up from the last trip. Sits are extremely uncomfortable even for a 2 hr flogjt. Last minute flight so we had to do frontier... never again thou" Pros: "I survived!" Cons: "Disruptive passenger should have been removed! The flight was delayed 2 hours." Pros: "Really nice crew, really efficient boarding, I loved my seat assignment and the price was RIGHT!" Cons: "Couldn't recline the seats, pretty harsh that you don't even get pretzels but I get it y'all." Pros: "It was a newer plane, clean, staff was very courteous. There was not any entertainment and I did not purchase any food items. Over all it was my first flight on Frontier and it was fantastic." Pros: "The crew personnel aboard the plane was friendly and the seats confortable." Cons: "They made me pay $45 for a 16 inches carry on back that I have as my only luggage , because according to the counter employee, my handbag (purse) was too big so it was considered as a second carry on. I requested a waiver, because I’m an Army Veteran, a senior citizen, but it was denied by the counter employee." Pros: "fast boarding for my zone" Cons: "the flight attendants on this flight had a lot of attitude straight away, one in particular. was rude to several passengers at boarding and deplaning. it was a redeye, but they kept the overhead light on the entire flight and talked at top volume for the entire time. no one in the rows around me slept because of this." Cons: "They held us for two hours on the plane because their paper work was wrong, the flight attendants were rude and made everyone uncomfortable" Pros: "The price. Nothing super bad." Cons: "Delay leaving due to a door sensor. Got in an hour late, which was annoying. Limited, expensive menu anyway, but was out of what I wanted (jerky). Biggest complaint is the seats not reclining-that's really uncomfortable for a 3 hour flight.2nd biggest complaint is that having to pay for my seat and 1 carry on feels like a bait and switch over the ticket price." Pros: "New plane, clean. Friendly crew" Cons: "No frills, minimal comfort, a cup of water is free. Why do they still tell you to bring your seat back up when they don't even redline anymore?" Pros: "Flight cancelled the day before it was due. Ended up costing me and additional $800 to book an alternate flight at the last minute. Won't choose frontier ever again." Cons: "55 Dollars each way for a carry on. Hardly makes for a cheap flight" Pros: "Flight was on time." Cons: "Waiting on the plane an extra 25 minutes after landing on the runway to deboard because another plane was at our terminal." Pros: "I loved your plane crew!!! They were fantastic and soo upbeat from Boston to Dallas, TX and back. That’s is what made my flights enjoyable." Cons: "That y’all charge for everything you possible can. I can’t get peanuts and a water anymore... without it cost over a dollar! Also not having complimentary wifi aboard ur planes." Pros: "No delays, smooth flight" Cons: "The fees, no amenities. That’s why it is cheap." Pros: "Leg room" Cons: "Tiny trays, food you have to buy, the toilets didn’t work. And we waited over an hour to get in the air." Cons: "Price was high considering everything from baggage to seating is a la carte." Pros: "Crew took it in stride." Cons: "Flight delayed by 2 hrs and then waited on tarmac for 30? mins." Cons: "There are too many seats for passengers in such a small plane. It was too crowded and as a result, comfort was zero." Pros: "The Price" Cons: "The flight was cancelled and no effort was made to assist us in getting out of Atlanta. They were very matter of fact" Pros: "The newer plane....first time I flew spirit it was a tiny plane" Cons: "The extra expenses I had to pay for my seat and bag" Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Dallas to Atlanta Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Dallas to Atlanta found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/13Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 09mDFW-ATL $20 Search 1/9Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 15mDFW-ATL $21 Search 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 14mDFW-ATL $23 Search 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 10mDFW-ATL $26 Search 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 14mDFW-ATL $28 Search 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 14mDFW-ATL $30 Search 1/1Mon nonstopDelta 2h 08mDFW-ATL $161 Search 2/1Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 14h 22mDFW-ATL $210 Search 3/24Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 22mDFW-ATL $230 Search 4/14Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 4h 28mDFW-ATL $238 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$20 or less$30 or less$30 or less$210 or less$240 or less Last minute flights from Dallas to Atlanta Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Dallas to Atlanta that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 10mDFW-ATL 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 37mATL-DFW $63 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 10mDFW-ATL 12/14Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 37mATL-DFW $68 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 10mDFW-ATL 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 45mATL-DFW $70 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 14mDFW-ATL 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 35mATL-DFW $72 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 11mDFW-ATL 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 37mATL-DFW $73 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 11mDFW-ATL 12/14Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 37mATL-DFW $78 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 11mDFW-ATL 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 45mATL-DFW $80 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 14mDFW-ATL 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 6h 11mATL-DFW $88 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 14mDFW-ATL 12/13Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 35mATL-DFW $90 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 14mDFW-ATL 12/12Tue nonstop 2h 37mATL-DFW $106 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit Airlines Search by price$70 or less$70 or less$80 or less$90 or less$110 or less Dallas/Fort Worth Airport - Atlanta Flights Departure: Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW)United States Destination: Atlanta (ATL)United States Return flight deals: Atlanta - Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Cabin classes: $341 First Class flights to Atlanta $752 Business Class flights to Atlanta $679 Prem Econ Class flights to Atlanta $63 Economy Class flights to Atlanta Browse origins: Flights » United States » Texas » Dallas » Dallas/Fort Worth Airport $38Flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Atlanta Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $38Flights to Atlanta, Atlanta Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Houston Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Burbank Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Atlanta flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Atlanta from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Atlanta from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.