Cheap Flights from Dallas Fort Worth to Boston from $62 | (DFW - BOS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW DFW - BOS Find cheap flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston from $62 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/19. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Boston These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Boston. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Dallas to Boston. How much is the cheapest flight from Dallas to Boston?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dallas to Boston that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 3:11 pm - 11:57 pmDFW-BOS 7h 46m1 stop 8:28 pm - 9:07 amBOS-DFW 13h 39m1 stop $127Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Tue, Feb 6 3:40 pm - 8:48 amDFW-BOS 16h 08m1 stop 8:28 pm - 9:07 amBOS-DFW 13h 39m1 stop $134 Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 9:09 am - 8:53 amDFW-BOS 22h 44m1 stop 10:38 am - 11:46 pmBOS-DFW 14h 08m1 stop $156Frontier Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Mon, Feb 5 8:35 am - 8:53 amDFW-BOS 23h 18m1 stop 10:10 am - 11:46 pmBOS-DFW 14h 36m1 stop $157Frontier Find Deal Thu, Feb 8 - Sun, Feb 11 11:01 am - 3:37 pmDFW-BOS 3h 36mnonstop 6:30 am - 10:16 amBOS-DFW 4h 46mnonstop $198JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Wed, Jan 31 11:30 am - 4:06 pmDFW-BOS 3h 36mnonstop 6:30 am - 10:16 amBOS-DFW 4h 46mnonstop $203JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Sun, Jan 7 6:45 pm - 12:52 amDFW-BOS 5h 07m1 stop 8:42 am - 12:18 pmBOS-DFW 4h 36mnonstop $216American Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Wed, Jan 10 10:25 am - 5:35 pmDFW-BOS 6h 10m1 stop 5:25 am - 9:01 amBOS-DFW 4h 36mnonstop $226American Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Mon, Feb 5 6:15 am - 10:48 amDFW-BOS 3h 33mnonstop 11:00 am - 4:20 pmBOS-DFW 6h 20m1 stop $228Delta Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Sun, Jan 28 11:13 am - 3:59 pmDFW-BOS 3h 46mnonstop 7:55 pm - 11:03 pmBOS-DFW 4h 08mnonstop $238Delta Find Deal Tue, May 7 - Tue, May 14 Show more results Flights from Dallas to Boston - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dallas to Boston to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston is September, where tickets cost $246 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are May and April, where the average cost of tickets is $460 and $423 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 67 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Spirit Airlines ($65) and Frontier ($68). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($127) and Frontier ($156). Which airlines fly non-stop between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Boston? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston. They are: American Airlines, Delta and JetBlue. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with JetBlue at $119 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at JetBlue. How many flights are there between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Boston per day? Each day, there are between 8 and 11 nonstop flights that take off from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and land in Boston, with an average flight time of 3h 35m. The most common departure time is 5:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 67 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Boston? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston take? Direct flights cover the 1,558 miles separating Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston in about 3h 30m. What’s the earliest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport at 6:45 am and will be landing in Boston at 11:25 am. What’s the latest departure time from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston jets off at 7:20 pm and lands at 11:51 pm. Good to know Low season February High season October Cheapest flight $62 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 16% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 17% lower on average. Flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston When to book flights from Dallas to Boston Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dallas to Boston based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston flights What other cities can I get to from Boston Logan International Airport (BOS)? Chelsea, Cambridge, and Somerville are some cities you can conveniently connect to from Boston Logan International Airport (BOS). Therefore, booking your flight from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport to Boston will allow you to travel to these other cities served by BOS. Which airline(s) should I book when flying with my pet(s) from to Boston from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport? Alaska Airlines, whose pet charges are much lower than all other airlines on this route, should be your number one choice of airline to book when flying to Boston from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. The airline also allows pet to fly in-cabin provide their weight (including carriers) does not exceed 20 lbs. What the best way to get to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport before catch up with a flight to Boston? Use the Orange Line train to connect to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW) and enjoy convenient and affordable movement before boarding your flight to Boston. However, depending on your schedule, you may want to use a taxi, which is the fastest option. Which special services can I get on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? You will get special diets on select airlines flying from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston, including American Airlines and JetBlue Airways. However, both airlines require those who may need special diets, mostly due to medical reasons, to make their meal requests in advance, such as at the time of booking their flight. Do I need a passport to fly between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Boston? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston flight route: American Airlines, JetBlue, PSA Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Aer Lingus, and Finnair. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? The Airbus A220-100 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and Boston, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? There are nonstop flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Dallas to Boston, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Dallas to Boston are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $338 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $356 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Boston from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Boston with an airline and back to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Dallas/Fort Worth Airport and BOS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Boston from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from DFW to Boston Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $159 or less one-way and $218 or less round-trip. Flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW) to Boston have Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) as the sole arrival airport. MTA Blue Line buses provide the most affordable and reliable means of transport from the airport to the city center or other parts of the city. Booking American Airlines, which has Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW) as its primary hub, comes with a number of benefits. American Airlines has the highest frequency of daily flights from DFW to various destinations, BOS being one of them. Therefore, you can reliably get a flight at any time of the day convenient to your schedule. When flying from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW) to Boston, you are likely to have layovers at Orlando International Airport (MCO), Chicago O’Hare International Airport (ORD), or Philadelphia International Airport (PHL), depending on the airline you book. For example, MCO serves as the layover airport of Frontier and Spirit Airlines flights. When flying with kids to Boston from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport, consider booking JetBlue. Among the airlines along this route, JetBlue ranks higher in terms of kid-friendly amenities and services. The airline has the most of extra legroom and spacious seats in all its cabins. Therefore, you and your kids can remain comfortable all journey long. In addition to this, whenever accompanied by your kid(s), you will enjoy priority boarding and deplaning. Reduce your overall carbon footprint when flying to Boston from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport by booking an eco-friendly airline. Although all the airlines along this route have made significant efforts towards reducing their carbon emission, United Airlines and American Airlines top the list of the most environmentally friendly airlines. Both airlines have the highest percentage use of sustainable aviation fuel and fuel-efficient engines. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Dallas/Fort Worth to Boston Logan Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Dallas/Fort Worth to Logan Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Dallas/Fort Worth to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +9 more American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +10 more American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +9 more American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more 8 9 Thursday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +10 more American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more 9 10 Friday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +8 more American Airlines, British Airways, +9 more 7 8 Saturday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +7 more American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more 6 7 Sunday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +9 more American Airlines, British Airways, +10 more 8 9 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Boston Logan Intl to Dallas/Fort Worth Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, American Airlines, British Airways, +9 more Aer Lingus, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Aer Lingus, American Airlines, British Airways, +9 more Aer Lingus, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday Aer Lingus, American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more Aer Lingus, American Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Aer Lingus, American Airlines, British Airways, +9 more Aer Lingus, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 Friday Aer Lingus, American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more Aer Lingus, American Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Saturday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +7 more American Airlines, British Airways, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Aer Lingus, American Airlines, British Airways, +9 more Aer Lingus, American Airlines, +10 more 8 9 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Dallas to Boston See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Dallas to Boston. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dallas to Boston? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19620 reviews 82overall 83boarding 86crew 79entertainment 82comfort 78food Airline reviews Pros: "Jet blue flights seem generally good. Like the WiFi access to be Able to use flight time efficiently."Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Jet blue flights seem generally good. Like the WiFi access to be Able to use flight time efficiently." Pros: "The available movies were pretty good." Cons: "The crew member serving the food was way too slow." Cons: "Flight was 3 1/2 hours delayed. In-flight entertainment system didn’t function. They didn’t perform a beverage/snack service. Very poor overall. Disappointing." Cons: "Our flight was delayed 4 times. We then sat on the runway for an extra 45 minutes because someone’s tv did not work. We missed our set transportation which was already rescheduled 4 times and had to pay $150 Uber to get home" Cons: "They had to reset entertainment sets 3 times before they started working. This happens regularly on the SFO to BOS jetblue flight." Cons: "We had a delay of 3 hrs which kept us waiting in the middle of the night" Cons: "Entertainment screen in our section of the plane were not functioning correctly. The crew made several attempts to reset the screens but it didn't work," Pros: "The flight being over" Cons: "Having to sit next to a non-working flight attendant who decided to fly sick, wouldn't even use a tissue, sneezed and coughed over and over and literally sniffled every few seconds for the entire flight. Also, I really enjoyed paying extra for priority boarding and a seat in the front row and ending up with my suitcase right rows back because of inconsiderate people." Pros: "The flight was very delayed due to weather, but the airline had us on the way as soon as possible. Safety first." Cons: "I have no complaint." Cons: "Flight delayed from Raleigh to Boston due to weather. Flight time moved up slightly and we were told by Mike at gate C-8 that we would make our connecting international flight but we didn’t. Total nightmare. Incompetence everywhere’s we looked with this airline. STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!" Pros: "Nice plane, good service and pilots, great landing - no issues at all." Cons: "Flight attendant in First class was visibly frustrated and unfriendly. He was not helping with my simple request for a blanket. Also, the were no food service in first class." Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Cons: "Flight was 1,5 hr delayed, which almost caused me to miss my connecting flight" Pros: "The crew was great and the service was quick and very nice." Cons: "It sounds weird but I didn’t know which window was mine so I had one shut and the one in front of me shut during the flight." Cons: "Wheelchair shortage on arrival, although I had one reserved. Waited for a while then walked. Not ideal. Very long wait for bus to rental car center." Pros: "The comfort the professionalism of the staff everywhere I went" Cons: "Little pricey on rental and hotel." Cons: "We thought we were flying AirFrance as our emails came from them and were surprised to learn after waiting in the AirFrance baggage drop queue for 30 mins that we were in the wrong place." Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Pros: "Mobile entertainment was great and the crew was lovely." Cons: "Our flight was delayed, which is a understandable part of travel. But what made it worse was that we didn’t have any visibility on our actually departure time. We were first told our flight would be delayed an hour, then the departure time was moved up 40 minutes without any clear messaging. We caught an email from Delta, but if we hadn’t, we might have missed our flight. The plane was also abnormally loud on board, and the air pressure seemed to fluctuate throughout the flight, making the experience uncomfortable." There was no entertainment (the wifi was not working) and no food service - just cookies or pretzels. When we arrived in Boston the bridge to our plane was not working and it took some time to be able to deplane. When we got to Boston our bags were not there and the person who put in our claim for lost baggage said we would have our bags delivered in 24 hours and 72 hours later we still do not have them and no one from AA has contacted us with an update! Pros: "Flight was fairly smooth. Food was available for purchase." Cons: "No onboard entertainment, either in seat or “shared”. Although I checked in over two hours ahead of my flight, my baggage was somehow placed on a later flight and will not arrive until early tomorrow morning." Pros: "on time; new plane with entertainment system on the seat" Cons: "seat was not clean" Cons: "Since we were in one of the last groups to board, there was no room for our carry on and had to be checked. Yet there are people in the previous classes who have two carry on bags and both are checked. There needs to be a penalty for this." Cons: "1 hour late leaving origination, late arrival at connection & missed flight, overnight hotel at my expense when there was no weather at any of the cities in my itinerary. Hours and several calls to reschedule. App didn't allow me to pick seat or check in on next day's flight. That flight was late (had to wait for flight attendants to arrive from another late flight. It should not take 24 hours to fly from Phoenix to Boston in good weather." Cons: "I expect better service from American Airlines, total disappointment. Given incorrect information by 2 gate agents concerning connecting flight delays." Cons: "inflight entertainment wasn't working on my seat only which made my 6 hour flight seem even longer :(" Pros: "Boarded well but held for late connecting passengers, which is fine with me." Cons: "Crew less than pleasant it seemed." Pros: "Wi-Fi was great. Watched two movies. Flight was on time and painless" Cons: "Only complimentary snack was pretzels and only a cup of water." Cons: "If the airline decides to cut cost by giving 2 lousy biscuits to each passenger, why not cut it all out? That saves the crew the troubles too." Pros: "Great, friendly crew and excellent customer service from flight attendants." Pros: "Seats were pretty comfortable" Cons: "In-flight entertainment depended on the Wi-Fi working. It did not work the whole flight." Pros: "On time flight." Cons: "Security was overzealous. I didn't know the standards changed for how many ounces you could carry over three days. The normal ounces of liquid was no more than 4.0 ounces. I had no problem going through security with that amount of spray deodorant flying from IAW, Dulles. DFW airport security says the limit is no more than 3.4 ounces. So they kept my harmless deodorant. I need TSA to get on the same sheet of music worldwide. People don't have time or money to waste having to deal with different TSA standards everywhere they go." Pros: "The plane was nice and in good shape. They had beverage service for a very quick flight which is nice. Can't rate food or entertainment because only hour or so flight." Cons: "It was freezing in the plane and I'm never cold. When I asked for a blanket they had none!!! They had just announced whatever they can do to make your flight more comfortable ask them. Not true, just words. Disappointed after the great treatment after flying ANA." Cons: "Because of missed connection I had to go from Dulles to Reagan airport" Pros: "Free TV since we were 2 hours delayed" Cons: "4 delays in 1 day on 2 flights. 2 gate changes with no relay of info and to top it all off my wife and i were reassigned to separate seats at the last minute by the airline and very rudely told to deal with it and to calm down when I simply asked why. We were appalled and embarrassed in front of many others in the gate boarding area. The gate agent in Houston has no place in customer service and was on some kind of a power trip. This surprised me with recent events. We are done with United now for many reasons" Cons: "The fact that I have to pay extra for food or any form of entertainment is appalling compared to other airlines. $20 for WIFI? That's a joke." Pros: "One of the friendliest and most customer friendly flights I've had in a long time." Cons: "Pay for ticket and couldn't get a seat assignment. Had to go to the kiosk before my flight and try to get a seat. It processed for 5 minutes while I waited thinking it was stuck. Finally it told me there were no seats available unless I wanted to pay for upgrade. Gee I thought a seat came with the price of a ticket. Then there was no shoulder room in the seating and I am an average sized person. There was leg room because it was an exit row. Then they tried to sell me a round-trip ticket that was more costly than buying individual tickets. What a scam." Pros: "Not one thing." Cons: "I chose to fly UA back from a trip to Fort Worth because your price was cheaper than the airline I normally use. Boy do I know why! You have the rudest staff I have ever encountered. My day started out at 6:30am with one of your staff members rudely telling me I had to check my bag, which met all of the dimension requirements you put in place, because two notches on the back side of the carry on did not allow it to completely slide into the display. This women waited until you were halfway through the security line to call you back and make you measure the suitcase. So then you had to walk back through a long line and find yourself even FURTHER back in the line to get through security. She was so unprofessional- not compassionate, unpleasant attitude, and was all about making sure as many people as possible had to pay the extra $25 for a checked bag. The person I flew with is a military wife and you would not honor the free checked bag because her husband was not on the trip and this policy was not included anywhere on her flight documents. Again, the "customer service" reps were rude to her about this and she had to pay the $25 to check her bag. You do not believe in offering quality customer service or ensuring that we have a pleasant experience, you want our money and look to us as an opportunity to make a dollar. Never again!!!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The aircraft looks like a WWI aircraft. So dirty. Floors were nasty with food not picked up from the last trip. Sits are extremely uncomfortable even for a 2 hr flogjt. Last minute flight so we had to do frontier... never again thou" Pros: "I survived!" Cons: "Disruptive passenger should have been removed! The flight was delayed 2 hours." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "At least let the people with no baggage go 1st" Pros: "Captain was informative but not too talkative. Left on time and arrived 20 min early" Cons: "It was a 6 pm take off and the only food available for purchase was a “snack pack”. A tiny piece of beef jerky with crackers, cheese, and 10 Chocolate covered blueberries for $6.00. Made the mistake of not eating before and was silly to be expecting more from a discount airline I guess." Cons: "Stuck on tarmac for 40 min after landing Then waited another hour for luggage to be delivered. If you’re going to force us to check bags the. Please ensure the system is working at the airport!!" Pros: "Really nice crew, really efficient boarding, I loved my seat assignment and the price was RIGHT!" Cons: "Couldn't recline the seats, pretty harsh that you don't even get pretzels but I get it y'all." Pros: "I like how cheap the prices are for a simple weekend trip when you only bring one bag. The woman who boarded us at the terminal was AWESOME. She clearly loves her job, and loves people around her and honestly what else is there that's more important in life than loving people. She was funny, kind, considerate and incredible at customer service. Give that girl a RAISE. We boarded at 4:49 in the morning and her energy lightened the mood for sure." Cons: "I didn't like how even the tray tables were cheap. I also don't like if you want to choose your seat you need to pay... why is that? No other airline does that." Cons: "there was a hour wait on the run way. it was hot people were cranky, secondly I have never been on a airline that you literally have to pay for everything including soda and coffee. the landing was very rough. I was not impressed." Pros: "The attendants and speedy boarding" Cons: "Baggage claim took an hr and we had trouble with checking in on the website to and from destinations" Cons: "I paid for seat selection to have 2 seats by ourselves but Frontier changed the type of plane and it changed the seats to an aisle and a middle seat, exactly what I was trying to avoid." JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Dallas to Boston Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Dallas to Boston found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/19Tue 2 stops 15h 03mDFW-BOS $62 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 9h 32mDFW-BOS $65 Search 12/25Mon nonstopJetBlue 3h 30mDFW-BOS $94 Search 12/14Thu nonstopJetBlue 3h 31mDFW-BOS $109 Search 1/5Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 33mDFW-BOS $117 Search 12/16Sat nonstopDelta 3h 34mDFW-BOS $119 Search 12/14Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 09mDFW-BOS $161 Search 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 36mDFW-BOS $174 Search 1/15Mon nonstopDelta 3h 33mDFW-BOS $199 Search 4/23Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 12h 29mDFW-BOS $224 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$70 or less$110 or less$120 or less$170 or less$220 or less Last minute flights from Dallas to Boston Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Dallas to Boston that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 31mDFW-BOS 12/7Thu nonstopJetBlue 4h 23mBOS-DFW $138 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 11mDFW-BOS 12/9Sat multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 15mBOS-DFW $182 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 50mDFW-BOS 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 41mBOS-DFW $334 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 59mDFW-BOS 12/19Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 55mBOS-DFW $335 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 8h 09mDFW-BOS 12/8Fri nonstopDelta 4h 45mBOS-DFW $356 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 3h 40mDFW-BOS 12/9Sat nonstopDelta 4h 40mBOS-DFW $391 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 00mDFW-BOS 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 06mBOS-DFW $539 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 38mDFW-BOS 12/7Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 59mBOS-DFW $562 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 24h 15mDFW-BOS 12/12Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 32h 30mBOS-DFW $1,030 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 24h 15mDFW-BOS 12/9Sat multi-stopAlaska Airlines 32h 30mBOS-DFW $1,079 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineJetBlueSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$180 or less$340 or less$390 or less$560 or less$1,080 or less Dallas/Fort Worth Airport - Boston Flights Departure: Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW)United States Destination: Boston (BOS)United States Return flight deals: Boston - Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Cabin classes: $840 First Class flights to Boston Business Class flights to Boston $2,077 Prem Econ Class flights to Boston $94 Economy Class flights to Boston Browse origins: Flights » United States » Texas » Dallas » Dallas/Fort Worth Airport $127Flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Boston Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $127Flights to Boston, Boston Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Houston Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Burbank Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Boston flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Boston from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Boston from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.