Cheap Flights from New York LaGuardia to Fort Lauderdale from $36 | (LGA - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LGA - FLL Find cheap flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale from $36 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from New York to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from New York to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:52 am - 5:45 pmLGA-FLL 8h 53m1 stop 9:27 pm - 9:00 amFLL-LGA 11h 33m1 stop $71Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 4:35 pm - 7:52 pmLGA-FLL 3h 17mnonstop 9:30 pm - 9:00 amFLL-LGA 11h 30m1 stop $74Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Jan 10 12:00 pm - 3:08 pmLGA-FLL 3h 08mnonstop 9:27 pm - 9:00 amFLL-LGA 11h 33m1 stop $75Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 10:53 am - 7:05 pmLGA-FLL 8h 12m1 stop 6:05 am - 9:01 amFLL-LGA 2h 56mnonstop $99 Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Sun, Jan 21 10:53 am - 7:05 pmLGA-FLL 8h 12m1 stop 8:10 am - 11:04 amFLL-LGA 2h 54mnonstop $101 Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Mon, Jan 29 6:00 am - 9:01 amLGA-FLL 3h 01mnonstop 10:35 am - 1:30 pmFLL-LGA 2h 55mnonstop $138JetBlue Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Mon, Jan 22 8:59 pm - 12:04 amLGA-FLL 3h 05mnonstop 5:04 pm - 8:04 pmFLL-LGA 3h 00mnonstop $158JetBlue Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Wed, Jan 24 3:28 pm - 6:49 pmLGA-FLL 3h 21mnonstop 11:24 am - 2:19 pmFLL-LGA 2h 55mnonstop $172Delta Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sun, Dec 17 7:29 pm - 10:41 pmLGA-FLL 3h 12mnonstop 7:00 am - 9:53 amFLL-LGA 2h 53mnonstop $173Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Tue, Jan 16 3:17 pm - 7:54 pmLGA-FLL 4h 37m1 stop 6:24 am - 10:48 amFLL-LGA 4h 24m1 stop $214American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Apr 20 - Fri, Apr 26 Show more results Flights from New York to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from New York to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale is September, where tickets cost $160 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and February, where the average cost of tickets is $363 and $297 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 48 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Spirit Airlines ($36) and Frontier ($59). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($71) and JetBlue ($138). Which airlines fly most frequently between New York LaGuardia Airport and Fort Lauderdale? Spirit Airlines connects New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale with up to 4 flights per day. Delta also offers 3 flights per day, while JetBlue follows with 3 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between New York LaGuardia Airport and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale. They are: Delta, JetBlue and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $78 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between New York LaGuardia Airport and Fort Lauderdale per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 12 nonstop flights that take off from New York LaGuardia Airport and land in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 3h 13m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 76 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York LaGuardia Airport and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale take? A direct flight to Fort Lauderdale will take on average 3h 00m to travel the 1,077 miles flying distance from New York LaGuardia Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York LaGuardia Airport at 6:00 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 9:01 am. What’s the latest departure time from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 8:59 pm and lands at 12:04 am. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $36 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 30% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 0% lower on average. Flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from New York to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from New York to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale flights Does LaGuardia Airport have an onsite hotel? LaGuardia Airport has three onsite hotels, New York LaGuardia Airport Marriot, Aloft New York LaGuardia Airport, and Hampton Inn New York LaGuardia Airport. If you have an early flight out of the airport, consider staying at one of these hotels. It helps eliminate that strenuous morning commute, and each hotel offers a shuttle, so you’ll be dropped off right outside the Main Terminal. Does Fort Lauderdale Airport (FLL) offer wheelchair assistance? Fort Lauderdale International Airport offers wheelchair services to all passengers requiring special assistance. These wheelchairs can be found at various spots inside the airport or any information desk. However, for travelers landing at the airport, the best way to get wheelchair services is by informing your airline in advance. They will put a note in your reservation record indicating that you require special help. That way, as soon as your plane lands, you will have a wheelchair to help you get from the gates to baggage claim and then to the curb. Which airlines have a lounge at LaGuardia Airport? Book with United Airlines, American Airlines, or Delta to enjoy the lounge facilities at LaGuardia Airport. Each of them has a lounge at the airport for travelers to hang out as they wait to board their plane. The American Airlines Admirals Club is located Airside on Terminal B near Gates D1 and D2, while the United Club is on the same terminal near the entrance leading to Gates 40-59. Is public transport available from FLL Airport? Public transport is available via the bus. It is the cheapest and most reliable way to get from the airport to the city center as they are available every day of the week. To catch your bus, head to the Airport & Rental Car Center and take the 01 bus towards the Central terminal. You will be at the city center in about 40min. If you prefer something more convenient that will drop you at the hotel or a particular city landmark, you should take a taxi or rent a car. Do I need a passport to fly between New York LaGuardia Airport and Fort Lauderdale? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale flight route: JetBlue, Delta, American Airlines, Cape Air, Spirit Airlines, Alaska Airlines, and Qatar Airways. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between New York LaGuardia Airport and Fort Lauderdale. On which days can I fly direct from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale? There are nonstop flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to Fort Lauderdale, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to Fort Lauderdale are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $263 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $258 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from New York LaGuardia Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to New York LaGuardia Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between New York LaGuardia Airport and FLL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from New York LaGuardia Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LGA to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $94 or less one-way and $149 or less round-trip. In addition to LaGuardia Airport, the New York area is served by John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) and Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR). JFK Airport offers better amenities and more flight options. However, you might experience long queues. If you plan on parking your car at LaGuardia Airport, consider parking at the offsite lots. In most cases, they are usually cheaper than the parking lots and garages inside the airport. If you have a pet or service animal traveling with you, LaGuardia Airport has five pet relief stations. They are located outside the arrivals area at each terminal. Take a taxi instead of public transport when you’re in a hurry and need to get to the LGA Airport quickly. It is the quickest way to the airport and can be accessed from virtually anywhere at the airport. If you will be flying out of JFK instead of LGA or EWR, ensure you arrive at the airport 3-4h before your flight is scheduled to depart. This should give you enough time to go through the long security lines and still board your flight. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York LaGuardia to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from LaGuardia to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York LaGuardia to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 Friday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 Saturday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to New York LaGuardia Search Flights Monday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 Friday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 Saturday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Azul, Delta, JetBlue, +2 more Azul, Delta, +3 more 1 2 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from New York to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from New York to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 90crew 87boarding 78food 84comfort 80entertainment 86overall Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was amazing and helpful, the plain was clean and pleasant flight" Pros: "The crew was amazing and helpful, the plain was clean and pleasant flight" Cons: "Flight was delayed and loud large family group was disruptive to other passengers." Pros: "Affordability was the strongest motivator in choosing Southwest." Cons: "I hate that you have to pay extra for the opportunity to sit together with fellow travelers." Pros: "The crew was really friendly and wanted to ensure you were comfortable." Pros: "Very smooth, quick flight. Very attentive, friendly flight attendants. Overall great experience!" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "TSA precheck made it easy, no long lines, and everyone was very accommodating" Pros: "Very sad experience" Cons: "The boarding in FLL was a mess. The gate attendant was terrible and did not oversee the boarding. result was overage of cabin baggage. During the process of boarding, one passenger was apparently injured due to a falling article from the bin caused by an incessant and non contained effort that went on for some 5 minutes of a passenger trying to JAM a bag into a space. No Flight attendant intervened. The flight was delayed for 1.5 hours because of the injury (minor and a bit overdrawn) which resulted in waiting for medical attention at FLL. The entire flight was held. The pilot and the flight attendants did not address the issue and resulted in just sitting on the plane with little or no explanation. Clearly there was a liability concern by SWA, as they had a ground supervisor enter the plane and realign baggage in the bids. The Flight attendants were very short and non courteous to passengers. The pilot was not present a exit of the plane.. We were terribly delayed and it was due to mismanagement by the flight attendants and the ground crew. The in flight service was horrid. Someone needs to look into this." Cons: "On flight WiFi didn’t work. It was a minor inconvenience." Pros: "Friendly crew" Cons: "Little legroom and the flight was delayed could connect to the wifi" Pros: "Because if a flight delay I would miss my connector from full to Jax, so I was rebooked EWR to IND, TO BWI TO JAX. I was flying from 1 pm until 10:30 Pm to get from EWR to JAX. Had 3 takeoff and 3 landings. So ridiculous to have to go to Indianapolis to get to Jacksonville!" Cons: "Flying ALL DAY!!!!" Cons: "JetBlue is awful. TVs don’t work. Staff isn’t friendly" Pros: "Crew was courteous and gave constant updates in regards to any delays." Cons: "Flight was delayed and there was congestion prior to take off. Not sure there was anything that could’ve been done." Pros: "Crew was kind and very helpful. Also, I found the seats to be comfortable and didn’t feel squished. There was plenty of leg room. Great experience overall. Thank you!" Cons: "Absolutely nothing! Was a fantastic experience!!!!" Pros: "The personnel were courteous and listen to your request ,the flight was exceptional.." Cons: "No comments at this time." Pros: "Crew was nice and the flight was fine" Cons: "I was quite shocked that the seat I had originally been put in the head phone jack and The Wholearea where the channel changes was falling apart. I was able to switch seats due to flight being not full but that would be annoying. I also was weirded out that they did not ha e touch screens. In general the plane just seemed old and dirty to me." Cons: "You could hang meat in the cabin. Flight attendants just gave lip service. Not alone in my assertion. Left 93 degrees in NY and arrived in 82 degrees FLL with a runny nose and cough. Go figure." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and helpful. This was my first flight on JetBlue and I was impressed with the selection of snacks and drinks." Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Nothing really." Cons: "1. Forced to check carry on because of a pocket in the front when other passengers were allowed to bring actual suitcases which were taken right before boarding. Apparently JetBlue has a quota to meet as to how many people they charge for carry on luggage. 2. Refused to allow me to request my seat ahead of time to try and charge a $50 fee for an upgraded seat, even though by purchasing a ticket, I am guaranteed a seat on the plane. 3. Late once again. So far every flight taken by JetBlue this year has been late. My only on time flight this year has been with Delta. I do believe they are the new Spirit Airlines in disguise. This airline has been moved to the bottom of my list. I may take them once more but it depends on how many points I have with them, if it's enough to cover a free trip. If it doesn't, I will forfeit as the aggravation and nasty behaviour at the check in counter especially at LaGuardia is too much to take. They are also every discriminatory at that airport also, especially the people who work at JetBlue. I have to take responsibility for keep trying. It the same as beating a dead horse and expecting it to get up and run." Cons: "The airline had the flight delayed due to waiting for flight attendants. Very irresponsible of the crew and members, which weren’t working on the flight" Pros: "Seat space, legroom, personal TV, free movies, free unlimited snacks" Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Pros: "The crew was amazing, the seats were super comfortable, entertainment was great, lots of movies to choose from. Also they handed out a lot of great snacks" Pros: "The crew was great." Cons: "The flight and crew were great. But I was not able to choose my seat because I purchased an economy flight. I was very uncomfortable. But I was luck that that people that were sitting with me were great." Pros: "The crew was so nice especially the man who came to thank me for keeping my body out of the way of those who were serving and those using the bathroom. My husband an I were in the last row. He offered me a free drink, which I didn’t accept but I felt so good." Cons: "Passengers should have the option to ask for additional snacks." Pros: "Our seats were assigned at the gate. Somehow we were given the comfort + seats. Very nice! Thank you!" Pros: "Crew was good" Cons: "No idea why there was over a two hour delay." Pros: "From the pilot...FAs....gate agents....everyone was very pleasant and professional. Plane was clean as well." Pros: "The crew on the airplane was great. We had 2.5 hours turbulences but the crew started to give out drinks as soon they got the ok from the pilot" Cons: "We went in LGA to the Baggage drop off and the employee there was super rude. On the flight to New York with Delta we had to check our carry ons at the gate because it wasn't enough room for bags in the airplane.so we asked when we checked our one suitcase if we can/should check our carry ons to avoid having to do it at the gate. The delta employee told me sure no problem. He checks in my one suitcase I purchased gives me the tracking paper and says ok have a good flight. I asked him so what is with our carry ons and he told us that that would cost 25$ and we can't check those in at the drop off?!?We ended up taking the carry ons with to the gate and then off course there wasn't enough room on the airplane that we had to check it in. And surprise it was free?? We had never issues with Lufthansa, icelandair etc. with checking our bags at drop off to not needing to carry it around and than still end up to check it at the airplane. Every airline has been more than happy that we volunteer to check our bags that they don't have the trouble at the gate." Pros: "Chairs was comfortable" Cons: "I had a kid kicking my chair the whole flight." Pros: "It was incident free." Cons: "I can't comment on food. I didn't get any." Pros: "Took me from point a to b. Some entertainment options, nothing spectacular." Cons: "Toilets were dirty." Pros: "Not overcrowded or over booked. Efficient boarding process. Smooth flight." Pros: "Boarding as quick and efficient. Staff were friendly and courteous" Cons: "Nothing bad to comment on as the trip was a smooth trip" Cons: "The plane supposedly was running out of fuel, which I've never heard of such thing. So we had to go down 20mns before reaching Charlotte to a nearby airport to get fueled up and then went back in the air. The whole ordeal made me miss my connection flight to Barcelona! And I wasn't able to get on a flight until the next day. To make matters worse I had to flight back to New York to catch the flight to Barcelona! Unbelievable. I was beyond disappointed. I chose American Airlines for a reason, a good one at that. Yet this happened." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3 hours waiting for a flight attendant" Pros: "Never again. I had a connecting flight with a one hour layover and almost missed it. The plane to charlotte was very late boarding. Once i land I rush to my gate because I only have 20 minutes before they start boarding ; I get to the gate and have to wait almost an hour. At this point I still havent eaten because I am waiting around by the gate and the attendants are not communicating any information. Then they finally tell us that the reason the fligt hasnt boarded was because the flight attendant misplaced her luggage in the previous flight and was waiting to arrive to the terminal. Now how is that my issue? American Airlines needs to do better!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "First of all, we got on plane on time but had to wait 1h and 15 min to take off!!!ok that's the airport!!!They didn't even welcome us in plane.No food at all!Coke in plastic cup?Just this?No smile, not a blanket even air condition so strong!!!The manager of American Airlines should try to fly with Greek companies!And I don't mean with Olympic airways in Onassis time(with Coco Chanel suits the hall crew) but I mean now, in poor Greece's Aegean air which again and again wins the price of best airliner in Europe..Service, crew, foooood!!!Polite people..Blankets!!! I feel sorry for American Airlines..Ok we landed safe..Thank God, that's something..." Pros: "NOTHING" Cons: "My flight was scheduled for 5.37pm, but came to the airport thinking that I could get an earlier flight to Chicago and I was there at 1pm, requested for standby status, did not get it because am not platinum of diamond member, asked for $75.00, of course I didn't want to pay and stayed in the airport thinking that my flight would be on time, but it was delayed and delayed and took off at last, saw O'Hare airport but it looks like the pilot could not land it because he did not get the clearance, but as a passenger, I saw the flight going around and around the Ohare area, at least 6 times, then after landing taxing took for ever. I WILL TRY NOT TO FLY IN AA AGAIN." Pros: "Not enough luggage space for regular number of passengers on board" Cons: "It was very hot on the plane and uncomfortable for most of the flight." Pros: "The seat was not super comfortable but for a 3 hour flight it was good." Cons: "More movie selections." Cons: "The fact that I wasn't able to sit with my travel partner" Cons: "The default on the browser defaulted to April 9 when I was actually booking the ticket for April 2. So I had to forfeit the $317 ticket. I use kayak a lot - can anything be down ?" Pros: "Boarding was easy and there was plenty of overhead space for my carry on luggage" Cons: "Coach cabin was not spacious at all. Very little leg room and the aisles seemed very cramped. Also, the seats weren't particularly comfortable." Pros: "Crew were friendly" Cons: "No one to help check in. Had to pay extra for my bag." Cons: "The father in the row who wouldn't leave his kids alone and didn't let anyone sleep" Pros: "The plane didn't crash" Cons: "I was originally scheduled to fly to Cleveland from LGA at 8:30PM. At 12:30PM I got a text from United informing me that my flight had been cancelled. My only rebooking option on the same day was a 9:45PM flight out of Newark. Newark is significantly farther away from my apartment (2 hours vs. 30 minutes) but I took it because it was my only option. After a 2+ hour trip to Newark and going through a disastrous check-in process I found out my flight was delayed until 10:30, then 11, then 11:41. Hardly any real announcements were made until the end when the gate agent stopped hiding. No apologies were made and wasn't even offered water for the inconvenience." Pros: "The pilots at the front were friendly as we departed, thanking the passengers." Cons: "The line up process at LaGuardia was unorganized based on the preassigned number boarding system. There was no space to organize 1-5 as assigned on the boarding passes. Going and coming from LaGuardia, the flight gate was changed multiple times, then there was at least an hour and a half delay on the ground and an hour in the plane. We had to reroute to Neward because of air traffic situations, but the ground crew was not ready nor efficient in helping the throngs of people find transportation or understand the process The crew was sour, and when simply asked for a spoon, the guy said, "later" and of course, he never brought one. There was no friendliness or cordiality from these people. We were like cattle to them. I have never seen it so bad. I have watched what used to be a great airline with Continental, decline to a consistently subpar experience with United. I will look for other airlines to fly in the future. My experiences with Southwest have been much better in the last two years." Pros: "I arrived safe and sound. A United ticket clerk at Chicago O'Hare was super nice but didn't really help my situation. I appreciated her effort and warm demeanor." Cons: "After booking the flight I noticed that there was a 25 minute window between the time my flight was scheduled to land in my connecting city and the departure time of my connecting flight. Aware that most airline close the gate door and the flight 10 to 15 minutes before take off and the fact that it takes about 15 minutes to get off a flight after the aircraft door open, I was sure that this would be a problem. Also if I then had to change terminals that would be another 20 minutes. Long story short, I thought this was poor customer service on United's side. I called united the day before my flight and customer service rep assured me that it would be the same terminal and that these times are customary on the part of United. I then also mentioned this at the gate as well and talked to a very kind Flight Attendant. Everyone worked to put me at easy about this. My flight left 20 minutes late but made the time up while in the air. We landed I got off the flight in record time and asked a gate attendant to check my flight status. The flight and gate had been closed. They then had be go talk with a very kind woman at the customer service desk. She then moved me to a AA flight. She said "now the fate closes in 10 minutes so you probably won't make it but run". "You've got to be kidding me" i thought but she was so nice so I didn't question it... But I RAN!!! I didn't make it and AA customer service rep put me on the last flight out. I say in the airport for an extra 4 hours and ate lots of food I'm sure is slowly killing me as we speak. Happy to be safe and at home." Southwest8.4 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from New York to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/9Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 53mLGA-FLL $36 Search 1/20Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 10mLGA-FLL $39 Search 1/18Thu 1 stopFrontier 8h 12mLGA-FLL $59 Search 3/19Tue nonstopDelta 3h 14mLGA-FLL $64 Search 1/26Fri nonstopJetBlue 3h 20mLGA-FLL $69 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopFrontier 29h 21mLGA-FLL $76 Search 12/9Sat nonstopJetBlue 3h 12mLGA-FLL $86 Search 1/2Tue nonstopDelta 3h 09mLGA-FLL $94 Search 12/8Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 32mLGA-FLL $107 Search 4/19Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 35mLGA-FLL $172 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaJetBlueAmerican Airlines Search by price$40 or less$60 or less$80 or less$90 or less$170 or less Last minute flights from New York to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 53mLGA-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 40mFLL-LGA $79 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 15mLGA-FLL 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 57mFLL-LGA $102 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 15mLGA-FLL 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 55mFLL-LGA $103 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 17mLGA-FLL 12/13Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 00mFLL-LGA $111 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 08mLGA-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 40mFLL-LGA $112 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 12mLGA-FLL 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 57mFLL-LGA $113 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 12h 24mLGA-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stop 10h 40mFLL-LGA $164 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 28mLGA-FLL 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 34mFLL-LGA $261 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 08mLGA-FLL 12/9Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 18mFLL-LGA $262 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 56mLGA-FLL 12/7Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 29mFLL-LGA $271 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$100 or less$110 or less$110 or less$260 or less$270 or less New York LaGuardia Airport - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: New York LaGuardia Airport (LGA)United States Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - New York LaGuardia Airport Cabin classes: $707 First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $684 Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $388 Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $89 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York LaGuardia Airport $71Flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $71Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from New York LaGuardia Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from New York LaGuardia Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.