Rosen Inn International C$ 0 (C̶$̶ ̶1̶7̶0̶). Orlando Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Rosen Inn International 7600 International Drive, Orlando, FL 32819, United States+1 407 996 1600 From C$ 0 Cheapest rate per night 8.0 Great based on 8,720 reviews Rosen Inn International Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Room type Provider Nightly total Double room C$ 0 View Deal Luxury Room C$ 49 View Deal Deluxe room C$ 76 View Deal 129 more Rosen Inn International deals 129 more Rosen Inn International deals About Rosen Inn International Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi and Parking for free Located in Orlando, Rosen Inn International is within a 10-minute drive of Walt Disney World Resort and offers disabled parking. It also provides an outdoor pool, a kids pool and a free shuttle service. A variety of personalized services are available for guests of Rosen Inn International, such as babysitting/child services, a car rental desk and 24-hour security. Helpful and professional staff are available 24 hours a day. A games room, a children's play area and laundry facilities are also offered at the hotel. The air-conditioned rooms at the hotel are contemporary and offer movies-on-demand, a refrigerator and a flat-screen TV. They each have tea and coffee making facilities, a laptop safe and a private bathroom. In-house dining options include Fountain View Restaurant and Topsy Turvey Lounge, which both serve dinner. Each evening, guests are welcome to wind down in the comfortable lounge bar. There is also the added advantage of an on-site restaurant. Rosen Inn International has easy access to Universal Studios Florida, Universal's Islands of Adventure and SeaWorld Orlando. Guests will also discover multiple shops and restaurants close by. Read more Photos of Rosen Inn International Patio 1/43 Pool 2/43 Pool 3/43 Bedroom 4/43 Front desk 5/43 Pool 6/43 Bedroom 7/43 Pool 8/43 Pool 9/43 Restaurant 10/43 Front desk 11/43 Front desk 12/43 Building 13/43 Shop 14/43 Other 15/43 Bedroom 16/43 Conference room 17/43 Building 18/43 Living room 19/43 Building 20/43 Shop 21/43 Room amenity 22/43 Restaurant 23/43 Restaurant 24/43 Restaurant 25/43 Outdoors view 26/43 Buffet 27/43 Other 28/43 Other 29/43 Conference room 30/43 Bathroom 31/43 Other 32/43 Room amenity 33/43 Business centre 34/43 Gym 35/43 Gym 36/43 Other 37/43 Bathroom 38/43 Bathroom 39/43 Room amenity 40/43 Bathroom 41/43 Bathroom 42/43 Room amenity 43/43 All photos(43) Bathroom(5) Pool(5) Other(5) Restaurant(4) View all photos Latest deals for Rosen Inn International Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Standard Room See amenities C$ 78 View deal C$ 81 View deal C$ 83 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 0 View deal C$ 79 View deal C$ 80 View deal Show 10 more deals Luxury Room See amenities C$ 49 View deal C$ 134 View deal C$ 152 View deal Show 1 more deal Deluxe room See amenities C$ 76 View deal C$ 81 View deal C$ 83 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Rosen Inn International Outdoor pool Fitness centre Restaurant Bar/Lounge Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Coffee machine Free parking Business centre Wi-Fi available in all areas Health and safety Daily housekeeping CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces First-aid kit Enhanced cleaning Carbon monoxide detector Safe Basics Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Fire extinguisher Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Air-conditioned Free Wi-Fi Linens Towels Shampoo Body soap Trash cans Conditioner Accessibility and suitability Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic pillow No smoking Non-feather pillow Designated smoking area Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Disabled Access Elevator Accessible by elevator Allergy-free room Upper floors accessible by elevator Upper floors accessible by stairs General Family rooms Garden view Inner courtyard view Interconnected room(s) available Landmark view Pool view Storage available Seating area Telephone Carpeted City view Services and conveniences ATM on-site Business centre Wake-up service Mini-market on site Meeting/Banquet facilities Tour desk Key card access Express check-out 24hr front desk Safety deposit box Dining Restaurant Bar/Lounge Microwave Snack bar Tea/coffee maker Refrigerator Coffee machine Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Gaming console Cable or satellite TV Radio Shared lounge/TV area TV Bathroom Hairdryer Private bathroom Shower cap Toilet Toilet paper Toothbrush Family friendly Cribs available Child pool Kids meals Kid-friendly buffet Kids' outdoor play equipment Playground Laundry Ironing service Laundry facilities Laundry service Pants press Iron and ironing board Parking and transportation Free parking Shuttle service Private parking EV charging station Bedroom Socket near the bed Alarm clock Clothes rack Wardrobe or closet Things to do Game room Golf Darts Pool table Workspace Fax/photocopying Laptop safe Desk Pool Heated pool Outdoor pool Pool towels Outdoor Garden Fitness Fitness centre Show all 114 amenities Reviews of Rosen Inn International 8.0 Very goodBased on 8,720 verified guest reviews 8.1Families 7.9Solo 7.9Friends 8.0Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention great locationstaff was friendlyfront desknice hoteluniversal studioswell maintainedroom was cleanwalking distancepool was nicegreat priceclean and comfybed was comfortableclose to the parksinternational drivefree breakfastgreat hotelhotel greatshuttle busvalue for money Traveler rating: Poor (117) Mediocre (34) Fair (77) Okay (85) Good (116) Very good (192) Wonderful (548) Sort by: Newest first A 8.8 Very good Anonymous, Oct. 2019 Pros:It was a good room, clean and comfortable. Cons:A couple things were in disrepair but nothing that caused a problem with the stay. For example, there was a crack all the way across the toilet lid and one of the faucet handles was way offset. M 6.5 Okay Marina, Oct. 2018 Pros:conveniently located Cons:For less of the price ither hotels also offered free breakfast A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Apr. 2018 Pros:Clean, amenities, location A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Mar. 2018 Cons:Clean room, friendly staff, And great location J 8.5 Very good James, Mar. 2018 Pros:Best value for what you get, rooms comfortable, clean. Cons:Our room at first had odor of either smoke or musty odor. Called front desk and staff was there within 5 minutes to address the problem, which they were able to fix, M 10.0 Wonderful Marilyn, Mar. 2018 Pros:Pool and landscape was amazing! Very beautiful and relaxing atmosphere. A 6.8 Okay Anonymous, Dec. 2017 Pros:Location and price was great. Hotel had lots to do on site. Cons:The heater had a burnt smell when turned on that set off the fire alarm. The room smelled stuffy. Beds were not very comfortable. A 5.4 Fair Anonymous, Nov. 2017 Cons:The whole thing was one giant hot box of weed. Loud. Stanky. I put towels around my door and window so sounds and weed would stop seeping in. didn't stop dozens from knocking on my door throughout the night. Put on headphones and slept. E 10.0 Wonderful Ed, Nov. 2017 Pros:Location, price and friendly staff. Cons:Poor internet service. A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Oct. 2017 Pros:Used Kayak and got great deal so I wasn't expecting much from the hotel but was pleasantly surprised. Clean room and nice amenities. We had driven few hundred miles and had long day so we were glad the room and beds were comfortable Cons:No signs to find ice machine in my building, found it after several minutes of searching. Also the curved shower curtain rod was hanging loose so the cloth shower curtain was hanging into the shower and got soaked...quick fix though for maintenance... Location 7600 International Drive, Orlando, FL 32819 What's nearby Skeletons: Animals Unveiled1.1 km Universal's Islands of Adventure2.1 km Fun Spot America2.1 km Wizarding World of Harry Potter2.2 km Universal Orlando Resort2.9 km Orlando Premium Outlets International Drive3 km SeaWorld Orlando4.9 km Discovery Cove5.3 km Basilica of the National Shrine of Mary, Queen of the Universe7.9 km La Nouba10.4 km Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park11.1 km Magic Kingdom Park11.3 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 4:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Rosen Inn International Low season December High season January Average price (weeknight) C$ 101 Average price (weekend night) C$ 95 Cheapest month to stay with an average 14% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 25% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Rosen Inn International Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Rosen Inn International If you’re after a cheap room at Rosen Inn International, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in December and October. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Rosen Inn International, plan to stay on a Friday or Saturday. The most expensive day is usually Thursday. The cheapest price a room at Rosen Inn International was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 108, while the most expensive was C$ 125. How long should you stay at Rosen Inn International? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 13 days. FAQs when booking at Rosen Inn International What dining options are available at Rosen Inn International? At Rosen Inn International, there are a variety of dining options available for guests. Firstly, there is the Fountain View Café, which is a full-service restaurant serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The menu includes dishes such as omelets, pancakes, burgers, sandwiches, salads, and steak. The Topsy Turvey Lounge is a great spot for evening drinks and snacks. The lounge offers a large selection of beer, wine, and cocktails, as well as appetizers such as mozzarella sticks, chicken wings, and nachos. Lastly, for those looking for quick and convenient bites, the Lite Bite Mini-Market is the ideal spot. The market offers a range of snacks, sandwiches, salads, and beverages on the go. What accessibility services are available at Rosen Inn International? Rosen Inn International has a wide range of accessibility services and amenities to ensure that all guests have a comfortable stay and can easily navigate the hotel’s facilities. One of these services is accessible bathrooms, which are available in select rooms throughout the hotel. These bathrooms are equipped with features such as grab bars, a lowered sink, and a roll-in shower to ensure that guests with mobility issues can use them comfortably. The rooms are also designed with wider doorways, lower peepholes, and height-adjusted closets for easy accessibility. In addition, the hotel also provides wheelchair-accessible paths of travel and parking spaces. What family-friendly features are available at Rosen Inn International? Children can stay for free at Rosen Inn International if they are under the age of 18 and share a room with an adult. This is a great perk for families on a budget. Additionally, there is a children's pool which is a great place for kids to cool off and play during the hot Florida days. Another great feature is the free theme park shuttle. The shuttle operates daily and takes guests to all the major theme parks in the area. This is a convenient and cost-effective way to get to the parks without having to worry about parking or driving in traffic. What business facilities can I find at Rosen Inn International? Guests can find several business facilities that are ideal for guests traveling for business. These facilities include a 24-hour business center, two meeting rooms, and a computer station. The 24-hour business center offers guests access to a range of office equipment and services, including computers, printers, fax machines, and photocopying facilities. For larger business meetings or events, Rosen Inn International has two dedicated meeting rooms that can accommodate up to 70 guests. These meeting rooms are equipped with audiovisual equipment including projectors and sound systems. The hotel's professional event staff can also help guests plan and organize every detail, ensuring that their meeting or event runs smoothly. What parking options are available at Rosen Inn International? Rosen Inn International offers a range of convenient parking options for guests, making it easy for them to access the hotel during their stay. One of the options available is free secured on-site self-parking which provides guests the peace of mind that their vehicles are secure throughout their stay. Guests with larger vehicles such as motorhomes, coaches, or trucks are not left out as the hotel also has a free on-site motorhome/coach/lorry parking space. The hotel also offers wheelchair-accessible parking and van parking on site. This makes it easy for guests to move to and from their rooms without any difficulty, especially if they require a wheelchair or other mobility aids. Where is Rosen Inn International located? Rosen Inn International is located at 7600 International Drive, 13.1 km from the centre of Orlando. Skeletons: Animals Unveiled is the closest landmark to Rosen Inn International. When is check-in time and check-out time at Rosen Inn International? Check-in time is 4:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Rosen Inn International. Does Rosen Inn International offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Rosen Inn International offers free Wi-Fi. Does Rosen Inn International offer free parking? Yes, Rosen Inn International offers free parking. How far is Rosen Inn International from the airport? Rosen Inn International is 16.1 km from Orlando. Does Rosen Inn International have a pool? Yes, Rosen Inn International has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Rosen Inn International hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Rosen Inn International in Orlando and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Rosen Inn International and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Rosen Inn International. Nearby hotels and places to stay ClosestSee more nearby stays 2-star hotel Hampton Inn & Suites Orlando International Drive North, FL8.9 Excellent (916 reviews)0.14 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 151+ 2-star hotel Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando - International Drive8.3 Excellent (2,587 reviews)0.34 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 123+ 2-star hotel Daskk Orlando Hotel Near Universal Blvd Ascend Hotel Collection0.34 kmC$ 188+ 2-star hotel 9% cheaperBaymont by Wyndham Orlando/International Dr/Universal Blvd6.2 Good (2,834 reviews)0.36 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 81+ CheapestSee cheapest stays in Orlando 2-star hotel 15% cheaperTravelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive6.2 Good (169 reviews)0.41 kmOutdoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Tea/coffee makerC$ 75+ 2-star hotel 9% cheaperBaymont by Wyndham Orlando/International Dr/Universal Blvd6.2 Good (2,834 reviews)0.36 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 81+ 3-star hotel Staysky Suites - I Drive Orlando7.2 Good (561 reviews)0.4 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 123+ 2-star hotel Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando - International Drive8.3 Excellent (2,587 reviews)0.34 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 123+ Most recommendedSee most recommended stays in Orlando 2-star hotel Hampton Inn & Suites Orlando International Drive North, FL8.9 Excellent (916 reviews)0.14 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 151+ 2-star hotel Holiday Inn Express & Suites Orlando - International Drive8.3 Excellent (2,587 reviews)0.34 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 123+ 3-star hotel Staysky Suites - I Drive Orlando7.2 Good (561 reviews)0.4 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 123+ 2-star hotel 9% cheaperBaymont by Wyndham Orlando/International Dr/Universal Blvd6.2 Good (2,834 reviews)0.36 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 81+ Good to know Value for money 8.5 Distance to downtown 13.1 km Nearest Airport Orlando Distance to airport 16.2 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Florida Orlando Hotels Rosen Inn International Top Hotel Destinations Saint-Hyacinthe Hotels Hong Kong Hotels Key West Hotels Orillia Hotels Halifax Hotels New York Hotels London Hotels Calgary Hotels Toronto Hotels Richmond Hotels Kahului Hotels Denver Hotels Cancún Hotels Lake Buena Vista Hotels Whistler Hotels Vancouver hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Edmonton hotels Kelowna hotels Niagara Falls hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Rosen Inn International discounts in Orlando with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Rosen Inn International in Orlando. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Rosen Inn International that suits you best. C$ 89 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.