Cheap Flights from New York JFK to Manila from $309 | (JFK - MNL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JFK - MNL Find cheap flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila from $309 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 4/26. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Manila These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Manila. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Manila. How much is the cheapest flight from John F Kennedy Intl to Manila?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Manila that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:00 pm - 9:00 pmJFK-MNL 45h 00m1 stop 3:40 pm - 10:00 amMNL-JFK 30h 20m1 stop $657SAUDIA Find Deal Thu, Mar 14 - Mon, Mar 18 11:00 am - 1:50 pmJFK-MNL 37h 50m1 stop 3:40 pm - 10:00 amMNL-JFK 30h 20m1 stop $663SAUDIA Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Mon, Mar 18 11:00 am - 1:50 pmJFK-MNL 37h 50m1 stop 3:40 pm - 9:00 amMNL-JFK 30h 20m1 stop $669SAUDIA Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Sat, Mar 9 12:00 pm - 9:00 pmJFK-MNL 45h 00m1 stop 3:40 pm - 10:00 amMNL-JFK 30h 20m1 stop $690SAUDIA Find Deal Thu, Mar 14 - Mon, Mar 18 12:25 am - 11:25 amJFK-MNL 23h 00m1 stop 5:30 am - 1:15 pmMNL-JFK 19h 45m1 stop $932Cathay Pacific Find Deal Tue, Apr 23 - Sun, May 12 10:30 pm - 1:05 pmJFK-MNL 26h 35m1 stop 7:40 am - 6:50 pmMNL-JFK 23h 10m1 stop $991Singapore Airlines Find Deal Sat, Apr 27 - Mon, May 27 1:25 am - 5:25 pmJFK-MNL 28h 00m1 stop 5:45 am - 10:05 pmMNL-JFK 28h 20m1 stop $1,006EVA Air Find Deal Wed, Apr 24 - Mon, May 27 1:05 am - 10:50 pmJFK-MNL 33h 45m1 stop 3:40 am - 10:05 pmMNL-JFK 30h 25m1 stop $1,034EVA Air Find Deal Wed, Mar 13 - Sun, Mar 17 12:50 am - 11:00 amJFK-MNL 21h 10m1 stop 11:20 pm - 8:35 pmMNL-JFK 34h 15m1 stop $1,056Korean Air Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Sat, Mar 9 12:50 am - 11:00 amJFK-MNL 21h 10m1 stop 11:20 pm - 4:29 pmMNL-JFK 30h 09m2 stops $1,061Korean Air Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Sat, Mar 9 Show more results Flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Manila - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Manila to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Manila? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Manila is February, where tickets cost $1,184 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,779 and $1,655 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Manila? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Manila, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 60 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $657 on SAUDIA, followed by Turkish Airlines ($868). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $309 on SAUDIA and from $597 on Singapore Airlines. Which airlines fly non-stop between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Manila? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Manila. There is just one airline that flies from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Manila direct and that is Philippine Airlines. The best one-way deal found from Philippine Airlines for the route is $1,072. How many flights are there between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Manila per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and lands in Manila, with an average flight time of 17h 05m. The most common departure time is 1:00 am and most flights take off at night. Each week, there are 3 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Manila? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Manila from New York John F Kennedy Airport is typically 21h 10m. The journey crosses a distance of 8,505 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport at 1:40 am and will be landing in Manila at 7:45 am. What’s the latest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Manila jets off at 1:40 am and lands at 7:45 am. Good to know Low season September High season June Cheapest flight $309 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 11% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 21% increase in price. Flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila When to book flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Manila Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from John F Kennedy Intl to Manila based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila flights What are my layover options between JFK and MNL? The city you have your layover in will be influenced by the airline you travel with. If you board one of the one-stop flights offered by Asiana Airlines, you’ll have your layover in Incheon, South Korea, while if you board a two-stop Singapore airlines flight, you’ll have layovers in Frankfurt and Singapore. Which is best to get to John F. Kennedy International Airport from downtown Manhattan? Use a subway, bus, or taxi to connect from downtown New York to John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK). The subway offers the cheapest transfer means and takes about 49 minutes to reach the airport. At the same time, buses travel along this route, connecting the two points in slightly under 2 hours. Are there any New York airports I can board a flight to Manila apart from JFK? Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) and LaGuardia Airport (LGA) are the two other airports you can board a flight to Manila in New York. Of the two airports, LaGuardia is closer to mid-town Manhattan. Although both airports serve thousands of travelers daily, they are relatively less busy than JFK. Thus, you’ll enjoy shorter lines and less crowded facilities at either. Is there parking at John F. Kennedy International Airport? John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) operates multiple parking garages where travelers can drop their cars before flying to Manila. The parking lots are color-coded into Red, Orange, Yellow, and Blue and are categorized into short-term, long-term, and economy parking. Also, there are off-site parking spaces ideal for those on tight budgets. Does MNL have onsite airport hotels? Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) lacks an onsite hotel. However, it is located near several hotels that offer free airport shuttle services. Some of the Manila hotels near the airport that offer this service include Belmont Manila Hotel, JORIVIM Apartelle, Oyster Plaza Hotel, and Saiyan Travelers Inn. Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport is a hub for which airlines? When booking a flight from New York to Manila, remember that Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) is a hub for Philippine Airlines. You will enter the airport from your flight via Terminal 2 upon arrival at MNL, and you can expect expedited services through the security checks and comfy amenities at its lounge. You will have many options for connecting flights, locally and internationally. Is there a kid play area at JFK? If you are traveling with your kids, you can arrive at JFK early to make use of the airport’s play area, referred to as jetBlue junior. Located in Terminal 5, this aviation-themed play area is designed to keep children aged 5 and 12 engaged while families wait for their flights. Is there public transportation from Ninoy Aquino International Airport to the center of Manila? Upon arrival at Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL), you can conveniently catch a UBE Express-operated bus outside the terminals to the city center of Manila, stopping at Metro Manila. In addition, regardless of your arrival time, remember that airside shuttle buses offer travel between the two points, 24/7. Lastly, a light rail runs from the Baclaran Station to downtown Manila. Are there car rentals at Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL)? Those who prefer a self-drive to the city center will find global car rental agencies such as Hertz and Avis operating their desks at MNL. You can locate their counters in the arrivals halls within the terminals, after the baggage claim area. It might be helpful to reserve a rental car in advance to enjoy cheaper rates. Which cities can I visit after landing at Ninoy Aquino International Airport? Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) serves other towns besides Manila. If you arrive and decide to stay around a little longer, consider visiting towns such as Zambales, Starmall Lemery, or Anilo, all just a few minutes from MNL. Do I need a passport to fly between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Manila? A passport is required to fly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila? Only Asiana Airlines offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila? The Airbus A350-900 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila flight route. On which days can I fly direct from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila? You can catch a nonstop flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to Manila, Korean Air or Singapore Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to Manila are Korean Air and Singapore Airlines. With an average price for the route of $1,376 and an overall rating of 8.7, Korean Air is the most popular choice. Singapore Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,208 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Manila from New York John F Kennedy Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Manila with an airline and back to New York John F Kennedy Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and MNL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Manila? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Manila from New York John F Kennedy Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from JFK to Manila Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $801 or less one-way and $1,281 or less round-trip. If you’d like to travel nonstop from John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) to Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL), you’ll have to settle for a one-stop flight, as currently, no airline has direct flights on this route. Korean Air, Emirates, Qatar Airways, and Asiana Airlines are the airlines that offer relatively quick one-stop flights from JFK to MNL. You do not have to worry if you arrive at John F. Kennedy International Airport fatigued. Locate XPresSpa at Terminal 1 after the security area adjacent to Gate 6 for sensual therapy to calm your nerves and emotions. The outlet specializes in massages, facials, pedicures, and manicures. That way you can leave for your trip relaxed. When traveling with a medical or disability condition, it’s in your best interest to call the TSA Care team at John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) at least 72h before you’re scheduled to travel. Inform them of your travel date, flight information, and the type of assistance you require. Although New York is served by other airports, including Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR), and LaGuardia (LGA), JFK is the preferred departure station. The facility boasts a modern infrastructure and high-end innovations and operates six terminals serving a wide range of airlines. An AirTrain system facilitates movement between the terminals. Korean Air, Emirates, and Etihad Airways have elite lounges at John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK). Korean Air’s lounge is located in Terminal 1, while the lounges for Emirates and Etihad Airways are located in Terminal 4. To get to any, all you have to do is seek assistance from any of the airport’s staff. Suppose you arrive at JFK while hungry; you can refuel at any of the many dining joints located in various terminals. No matter your preference in cuisine, you can be sure to get unique locally inspired flavors and other menus from around the world to give you a delectable dining experience before your flight. Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) is the main international airport in the Philippines. From this airport, you can access cities like Manila, Quezon, Las Pinas, Makati, Pasay, and Paranaque. You can also access the municipality of Pateros. To cater to traveling breastfeeding mothers, both JFK and MNL have nursing rooms. At JFK, there are 13 lactation spaces spread across its six terminals, while at MNL, four nursing rooms are scattered in the four terminals. However, as you’ll arrive on an international flight, you’ll only have access to the nursing rooms in Terminal 1 and Terminal 3. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York John F Kennedy Intl to Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from John F Kennedy Intl to Ninoy Aquino Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York John F Kennedy Intl to Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl Search Flights Tuesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Wednesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Thursday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Friday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Sunday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines See more direct flights Nonstop returns Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl to New York John F Kennedy Intl Search Flights Monday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Tuesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Wednesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Thursday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Saturday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from John F Kennedy Intl to Manila See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to Manila. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from John F Kennedy Intl to Manila? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Korean AirOverall score based on 5074 reviews 90crew 84food 86comfort 88overall 88boarding 85entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Crew super nice, appreciated all the free food that was provided during flight and hot towel." Cons: "Comfort of seats"Read more about Korean Air Pros: "Crew super nice, appreciated all the free food that was provided during flight and hot towel." Cons: "Comfort of seats" Cons: "Boarding Gate at JFK Airport literally has no seats for the passengers! You have to wait in other gates. They should do something about it." Pros: "I was not able to make the flight because the Delta flight from Richmond to New York got cancelled." Cons: "1st leg of Flight got cancelled." Pros: "Flight was very nice, good service and new aircraft. Korean Air needs to get better selection of movies" Cons: "Everything was going well until our bags didn’t show up at our final destination. Big no-no. Just ruined the otherwise pleasant experience" Pros: "Crew attended to my needs seriously and in a timely fashion." Cons: "Crew's English skills could be better. No wifi or other connectivity options on a 13 hr flight." Pros: "Friendly staff, good food, comfortable length seats. Deplanijng and boarding was fast." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Friendly staff, good food, comfortable length seats. Deplanijng and boarding was fast." Pros: "Clean airplane and ver polite crew." Cons: "Was not allowed to get a seat assigned online. Only at airport checking when most decent seats were taken. Also could not choose the food online. Online site poor. Wasted a lot of time and still could not get seat and food preference." Pros: "The help desk employees who helped me rebook my flight." Cons: "After rushing to catch my connecting Singapore flight, their desks were closed and there wasn’t an employee in site. Given that airlines can see connecting fights it would have been great to have someone stay back to either give me a boarding pass or help me rebook! UNSATISFACTORY!" Cons: "The person next to me had a distinct body odor." Pros: "Always love the SIA business product on long haul." Cons: "This trip had a lot of minor service and cleanliness misses. But they are quibbles in the scheme of the overall great product." Cons: "Great Airline. Great staff and service. Good food and drink." Pros: "The crews on board were amazing!" Cons: "The service from the ground staffs are not as good a the crews onboard." Pros: "Crew" Cons: "Short and sweet. Flight left on time and landed about 15 mins early. Crew was wonderful" Cons: "without any possibility to call back. or to call again while being late, when arrived with plenty of time before departure. nobody was on the gate. when tryed to do all myself whithin minutes tsa didnt bother to speedup process and it took forever. i missed my flight literally in seconds." Pros: "The food was good, good choices and at good intervals. Lavatories were well maintained. Entertainment was excellent." Cons: "My first leg, the crew appeared rushed. Seating was tight. Would definitely upgrade next time." Pros: "As a frequent flyer, I have found out that the few dollars i spend more on SQ is well worth it" Pros: "The service was excellent start to finish. I found the movie selection to be excellent on the plane and the food was tasty and above average for airline food, and the seats were comfortable." Cons: "The food was terrible. Only one option and I didn't like it." Pros: "Crew friendly and courteous as always, plane had more legroom than most, entertainment tech was top-notch, and of course, EVA always has great food." Pros: "Comfortable seat with good storage and lavatories are clean and big." Pros: "Premium Economy was worth the $$. Especially when the 1st leg of the flight was 15+ hours. My wife was able to sleep 7+ hours. Comfortable and spacious chairs, with good recline." Pros: "nothing" Cons: "airport personells are rude and lazy. airline seats are very unconfortable. flight attendants not very a comodating to seniors like me" Pros: "Despite the short flight, they still served a delicious meal! Great movie and music selections. Would definitely fly them again." Pros: "I enjoy visiting Japan. I love the cultural, the foods, the people, Museums, and architecture. I came specifically to celebrate my 65th birthday by climbing Mt. Fuji." Pros: "Flew with EVA 16 years ago to Hanoi, Vietnam and again in 2018 to Hanoi, via Taipei. Very professional, attentive, good food, little amenities that make a difference in the overall experience of traveling. Very clean bathrooms, even after a 16-1/2 hour flight to Taipei it was still clean at the end of the trip. Food was good and plentiful, wine, spirits, beer, and non-alcoholic beverages offered. Came around at least three times on the leg to Taipei with food and water and when I wanted more water they gladly made sure I stayed hydrated on such a long flight." Cons: "I" Pros: "Very good service. Good seat legroom. Shiite connection wait time." Cons: "Nil" Pros: "I liked nothing" Cons: "In spite of JFK airport shuting down due to Storm Grayson, EVA airline refused to cancel the flight until 1 hour before the time of departure! They wouldnt listen to my requests to change flights until it was too late. JFK airport put out a notice at 7:30PM stating that they woukd be closed until 7am the next morning. However, i recieved an email from EVA airlines AND Kayak around 9 PM stating that my flight was on time... the airport was closed!! Terrible organization... overall a really bad experience." Pros: "The crew was awesome and extremely attentive! Thank you so much!" Cons: "I thought everything went very smoothly!" Pros: "The seat was comfortable" Cons: "The vegetarian ovo lacteo food could be much better. Because I am vegetarian doesn’t mean I can’t eat chocolate" Pros: "Nothing! They made me very upset!" Cons: "They made me cancel my 6 month stay to a 30 day stay when I arrived at the airport, otherwise they would not allow me on the plane! They said I needed a vista for the length of stay which I always get when I am in Manila for the past 8-10 years that I have been going without any prior warning before I confirmed this booking! I was charged $500.00 to change the departure date! Outrageous!" Pros: "Left almost on time arrived early. Baggage transfer was great. Cabin crew provided needed entry forms promptly. Great flight" Pros: "Excellent ethnic Korean food. Attendants were extremely polite and and professional." Cons: "Mass Boarding procedure was inefficient. Same Airline boarding out of Chicago had groups according to sets of row numbers, and was much more efficient. Should use in all cases." Pros: "Ground staff in Korea and Philippines is helpful." Cons: "Delayed flight which cause us to missed our succeeding flights." Pros: "Seats reclined a bit more than other planes which was really nice." Cons: "I didnt get the right seat that i chose when I purchased the ticket" Pros: "I love the friendly service of the crew and how they always bend over backwards for u all the time." Cons: "Needs more cushion on the seats." Pros: "The food was good and the service was great. The flight attendants were very attentive." Cons: "I had to pay $200 for an extra bag because they told me that my bags were all over weight. Come to find out, the scale was broken and my bags were actually underweight. So I ended up with 5 bags instead of 3. My main issue was comfortability. Due to the person behind me, I couldn’t push my chair back and so I had find different ways to sleep." Pros: "The crew was amazing and the food was great too!" Pros: "Crew was really good and the seating was quite okay" Cons: "Seating distance" Cons: "in-flight food and beverage choices needs lot of improvement" Pros: "Really good flight, no complaints here. Friendly and efficient staff." Pros: "Over all the customer service was accommodating." Cons: "Never received a notification for flight delay. Online communication was never established" Pros: "Though a long flight.. love flying with Cathay!! The crew was fabulous!" Pros: "Excellent and attentive staff, great food, clean bathrooms (by airline standards anyway), fantastic entertainment! It's a great value for the price, especially for coach class!" Cons: "Not much to dislike. I just was a little bothered by the fact that I had purposely chosen to have my boarding pass be digital (to save the environment), but to do this you have to check in online. As a result, they can't verify your passport (something they need to do in person). So when I got to the gate they had to check my passport and then made me use a new, printed boarding pass. Not a huge deal, but just something that bothered me." Pros: "Nice plane, roomy seats, good food. Much better than other carriers in economy." Pros: "They were able to provide drinks and food at a timely matter" Cons: "The long flight" Cons: "We had 1.5 hour delay and when we reached Vancouver airport the car rentals were close and we have to wait 3 more hour till 5:30 Am till they open. We are not happy at all" Korean Air8.7 Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 Asiana Airlines8.2 Cathay Pacific8.0 Book cheap flights from New York to Manila Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to Manila found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 4/26Fri 1 stopSAUDIA 35h 40mJFK-MNL $309 Search 2/5Mon 1 stopSAUDIA 45h 00mJFK-MNL $354 Search 4/29Mon 1 stopSAUDIA 42h 45mJFK-MNL $359 Search 3/15Fri 1 stopSAUDIA 37h 50mJFK-MNL $376 Search 4/29Mon 1 stopSingapore Airlines 26h 35mJFK-MNL $597 Search 4/26Fri 2 stopsKorean Air 28h 05mJFK-MNL $680 Search 2/11Sun 1 stopKorean Air 21h 10mJFK-MNL $723 Search 2/22Thu nonstopPhilippine Airlines 17h 05mJFK-MNL $790 Search 12/7Thu 1 stopCathay Pacific 21h 30mJFK-MNL $793 Search 2/13Tue nonstopPhilippine Airlines 17h 05mJFK-MNL $805 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSAUDIASingapore AirlinesKorean AirPhilippine AirlinesCathay Pacific Search by price$350 or less$380 or less$680 or less$790 or less$810 or less Last minute flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Manila Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to Manila that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 21h 30mJFK-MNL 12/5Tue multi-stopCathay Pacific 30h 25mMNL-JFK $1,103 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopCathay Pacific 37h 45mJFK-MNL 12/10Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 25h 15mMNL-JFK $1,114 Search 12/2Sat multi-stop 37h 30mJFK-MNL 12/10Sun multi-stop 39h 15mMNL-JFK $1,257 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 35h 21mJFK-MNL 12/18Mon multi-stop 39h 15mMNL-JFK $1,263 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopChina Airlines 21h 00mJFK-MNL 12/14Thu multi-stopChina Airlines 21h 25mMNL-JFK $1,278 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopEVA Air 36h 12mJFK-MNL 1/28Sun multi-stopEVA Air 30h 25mMNL-JFK $1,300 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopKorean Air 34h 00mJFK-MNL 12/5Tue multi-stopKorean Air 33h 40mMNL-JFK $1,303 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopKorean Air 57h 05mJFK-MNL 12/7Thu multi-stopKorean Air 21h 05mMNL-JFK $1,322 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopChina Airlines 21h 00mJFK-MNL 12/17Sun multi-stopChina Airlines 21h 25mMNL-JFK $1,346 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopEVA Air 36h 12mJFK-MNL 4/19Fri multi-stopEVA Air 21h 25mMNL-JFK $1,371 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineCathay PacificChina AirlinesEVA AirKorean Air Search by price$1,110 or less$1,260 or less$1,300 or less$1,320 or less$1,370 or less New York John F Kennedy Airport - Manila Flights Departure: New York John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)United States Destination: Manila (MNL)Philippines Return flight deals: Manila - New York John F Kennedy Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Manila Business Class flights to Manila $1,996 Prem Econ Class flights to Manila $1,016 Economy Class flights to Manila Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York John F Kennedy Airport $657Flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Manila Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Philippines » Manila $657Flights to Manila, Manila Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Manila flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Manila from New York John F Kennedy Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Manila from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.