Cheap Flights from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi from $315 | (SEA - BKK) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SEA - BKK Find cheap flights from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from $315 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 4/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Bangkok. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Bangkok. How much is the cheapest flight from Seattle to Suvarnabhumi?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Seattle to Suvarnabhumi that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:20 am - 8:00 pmSEA-BKK 19h 40m1 stop 9:40 am - 8:45 amBKK-SEA 37h 05m1 stop $578Singapore Airlines Find Deal Sat, Apr 13 - Mon, Jun 3 10:20 am - 8:00 pmSEA-BKK 19h 40m1 stop 9:40 am - 8:45 amBKK-SEA 37h 05m1 stop $609Singapore Airlines Find Deal Sat, May 4 - Wed, May 29 10:10 am - 11:20 pmSEA-BKK 22h 10m1 stop 9:40 am - 2:40 pmBKK-SEA 43h 00m2 stops $964Korean Air Find Deal Fri, Mar 1 - Mon, Mar 11 10:20 am - 12:40 amSEA-BKK 23h 20m1 stop 1:40 am - 1:35 pmBKK-SEA 26h 55m1 stop $965Korean Air Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Tue, Jan 30 10:20 am - 12:40 amSEA-BKK 23h 20m1 stop 9:40 am - 1:50 pmBKK-SEA 19h 10m1 stop $969Delta Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Thu, Feb 1 10:55 am - 12:20 amSEA-BKK 22h 25m1 stop 1:40 am - 10:16 pmBKK-SEA 34h 36m2 stops $979Delta Find Deal Mon, Mar 4 - Sun, Mar 17 3:35 pm - 4:20 pmSEA-BKK 33h 45m1 stop 9:25 am - 1:10 pmBKK-SEA 18h 45m1 stop $981ANA Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Tue, Jan 30 3:35 pm - 5:10 amSEA-BKK 22h 35m1 stop 10:50 pm - 1:10 pmBKK-SEA 29h 20m1 stop $989ANA Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Mon, Jan 29 1:50 pm - 12:20 amSEA-BKK 20h 30m1 stop 1:50 am - 12:00 pmBKK-SEA 24h 10m1 stop $1,002Asiana Airlines Find Deal Sun, Mar 10 - Fri, Mar 15 12:50 pm - 12:20 amSEA-BKK 20h 30m1 stop 11:55 pm - 12:35 pmBKK-SEA 26h 40m1 stop $1,035Asiana Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Thu, May 23 Show more results Flights from Seattle to Suvarnabhumi - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Seattle to Suvarnabhumi to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport is March, where tickets cost $994 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,773 and $1,580 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 81 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Singapore Airlines ($315) and Asiana Airlines ($648). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Singapore Airlines ($578) and Turkish Airlines ($875). How long does a flight from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport take? This flight route requires at least one stop and takes a minimum of 19h 40m. Good to know Low season June High season November Cheapest flight $315 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 26% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 9% lower on average. Flight from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport When to book flights from Seattle to Suvarnabhumi Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Seattle to Suvarnabhumi based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport flights Do I need a passport to fly between Seattle and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Seattle. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Seattle and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Seattle? Incheon is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. Which is the best airline for flights from Seattle to Bangkok, Korean Air or Singapore Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Seattle to Bangkok are Korean Air and Singapore Airlines. With an average price for the route of $1,146 and an overall rating of 8.7, Korean Air is the most popular choice. Singapore Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $809 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Seattle is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport with an airline and back to Seattle with another airline. Booking your flights between Seattle and BKK can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Seattle up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top 5 airlines serving from Seattle to Suvarnabhumi See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Seattle to Bangkok. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Seattle to Suvarnabhumi? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Korean AirOverall score based on 5074 reviews 84food 90crew 85entertainment 86comfort 88boarding 88overall Airline reviews Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The seat, the food, the services, the boarding could have been better!"Read more about Korean Air Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The seat, the food, the services, the boarding could have been better!" Pros: "Great service, plenty of leg room, exceptional staff. Toilets refreshed often. Will def fly again." Cons: "More detailed online infor for kids food. Australian fried rice varies greatly from korean!!! Potato crisp packets of chips would be a good snack option for kids instead of prawn crackers / brownies. Kids like plain stuff!" Pros: "Flight attendants were the friendliest and most patient I have ever experienced. Great customer service!!!" Cons: "Seats of any airplane could use improvement on comfort. But comfort was good." Pros: "Flight attendants friendly and helpful." Cons: "My luggage was not put on my flight and I had to wait a day. Also the person next to me had a dog that died on the flight." Cons: "Attendants were all business, no smiles. Movie selection was limited." Pros: "Great customer service. Flight attendants showed passengers a lot of attention. Well done." Cons: "The plane was way too hot! Being trapped in a stuffy plane for 5 hours and sweating was the worst!" Pros: "The food was very delicious on this trip. I had the seafood dish. Very tasty." Cons: "The movie selection wasn't that good. I was hoping to see the latest Star Wars movie." Pros: "Nothing. You have the worst customer service ever. I will never ever use you. Terrible exoerience" Cons: "All of it. You could not have cared less about ne. Made me miss all my flight due to your moronic staff." Pros: "I liked the front & below cameras. I used the pillow for my back. It was a very long flight & we were served two meals, coffee, & a snack. The flight was delayed but they switched me to the very next airline & I still arrived on time. Flight arrived at midnight when the airport is not so busy. No issues with security when transferring planes. Customs waved us through & the baggage arrived quickly." Cons: "Request for more movie & TV options after 18 hours of flying." Pros: "New plane or so it seemed. Crew very attentive to needs. Nice entertainment system with large screen." Cons: "Bigger seat, but compared to other experiences it was very good." Pros: "Everything was good but we were not able to select seats on the leg from Tokyo to Nagoya until arrive at check in and by that time all seats assigned and we could not be seated together and had to have middle seats. ANA needs to work this out..." Cons: "The sound for the entertain in seat 26G never worked....unsatisfactory for such a new aircraft “Dreamliner”, make it a dream." Pros: "The cabin crews were excellent. Food was delicious. Lots of leg room in Economy class. Overall had a great experience" Cons: "none" Pros: "The staff of ANA took superb care of us from the moment we entered the airport (both SEA and NRT); kindness, excellent food (choose the seafood diet, the food is excellent and you get served first!) and helpful directions in English whenever we looked the slightest bit confused. I will always look to fly ANA going forward. oh, and comfortable economy seats; enough room (I am 6'2") and no numb bum." Pros: "The flight was late checking in. The staff handled the situation well and kept the passengers informed." Cons: "Couldn’t print or get boarding pass for this connecting flight which was a bit annoying. Other than that, everything was amazing" Pros: "Food and services were great" Cons: "There were not a lot of selections on the TV." Pros: "Service, Cleanliness and Overall Quality" Cons: "We got lie flat cubicle seats on the way out but just tilt seats on the return, both on new 787's. After a 11 hour flight in lie flat cubicles and connecting to a standard recline BC seat is a bit painful." Pros: "The seat, service and food..all is great as always." Airport lounge for business class is too crowded and not comfortable. Poor foods and facilities. Boarding was delayed. A lot of coughing people in the flight even in the business class, which indicated poor screening and health risks. It was a super smooth and comfortable flight even though I was in normal economy. The staff was so nice ☺️ Sleep pods in SilverKris lounge are disappointing, showers are great though. Food decent, not amazing. Need more toilets in lounge ideally. Flight was good but service can be better. Cleanliness Help for boarding and sitting Food should have been better Pros: "Crews were great. Seats space could be better ... overall caring & attentiveness of crew members make a lot of difference." Cons: "Food! 40 years ago Singapore Airlines was second to none in my book! Now I feel like I was away somewhere and Singapore Airlines has changed dramatically....Must be a lot of moving pieces have changed that I was wondering again during my journey whether I was really flying Singapore Airlines..." Cons: "Rather long wait at business check-in, friendliness there ok, on board service slow with the champagne, old aircraft with old configuration of seats, nothing really bad, but it's not like this that you win an airline of the year award!" Pros: "Everything. New plane amazing food on a two hour flight Great new entertainment system on the seat back." Cons: "A little more leg room." Pros: "Hotel location is convenient, quite comfortable and clean." Cons: "I love the foods in Hongkong, so many varieties . Price wise is affordable." Pros: "Very comfortable. best airline I flew on overall and was first time ." Cons: "Charges for extra bag was steep- $150. Location at LAX airport is far. While nice to have many options for meal but did not low-carb so I only ate half my food" Pros: "Singapore Airlines delivers as always. Friendly crew and clean and well maintained aircraft." Pros: "The crew and food was great. The legroom not so great." Pros: "Boarding was delayed in Taipei although the flight made it in great time" Cons: "Website" Pros: "Clean plane" Cons: "Food was horrible, flight Attendants are professional but cold as ice." Cons: "No clothes to change. My fruits were expired because off the luggages not come to the destination." Pros: "Great fried fish for pre-ordered meal. Comfortable crew service for whole flight." Cons: "Baggage rules on itinerary didn’t match reality. Baggage 7kg was enforced, check in bags almost empty as documents & computers weigh a lot, and cant be trusted to “check-in”. If I had know we could check in four bags free it would have made a big difference. The itinerary says one each, plus one for Premier status, which adds up to three in our case. Not a happy camper. Will avoid EVA when there are other good choices. My wife had advised against EVA to begin with, check-in confirmed her advice. Crew didn’t come by much with water or juice, but they were courteous. Seat belt sign was put on when bumpy, but not turned off for the next hour or two of smooth sailing. “I told you so” was here reaction . . . ." Pros: "Excellent and responsive service from what must be the most attractive flight attendants on the planet. Seats even in basic economy are very comfortable with adequate legroom for my 250 lbs frame. Food is good with two choices and an option to customize online prior to the flight; and drinks are offered several times during the flight with numerous choices plus hot coffee and tea. Restrooms are cleaned several times during the flight and are stocked with amenities like toothbrush and paste, blindfold for sleeping, lotions etc." Cons: "Why is the flight to Asia so long? Maybe the pilot could step on the gas?" Pros: "The 777 premium economy seats are quite good" Cons: "Food was awful and service so-so. Rushed and unfriendly" Cons: "The seats are way too close to each other. I’m 5 foot four and my knees touched this front" Pros: "Great food, clean bathrooms, courteous and efficient service. It was my first time flying with EVA Air and I would definitely choose them again." Cons: "The crew should speak up and wait for answers before moving quickly away with beverages. Seat cushions are hard and thin. movie selections are terrible and few. worst selection ever." Pros: "Asiana does it all right! Easy check in, great cabin crew and aircraft to tasty food (especially their Korean choices) and service level" Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "The whole travel experience on Asiana is great from easy check in to great onboard crew, food and service." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Best flight I’ve ever been on!" Cons: "It had just snowed 20” in Seattle, so we had a short delay." Pros: "I'll give a more complete and less-biased review if I get it back!" Cons: "one check-in crew (female) at gate was not very nice. My mom is disabled & in her personal wheelchair. The other check-in crew members told us (5 total) to go together to board the plane then this female staff told us we can only have one family member go in with my mom (to take care of the wheelchair then assist her on the plane) next time we board the plane. Their messages are inconsistent & her attitude was uncalled for, especially when she let other disabled passengers on with their more than one family members & the other Asiana staff members told us to go in at the same time." Pros: "Staff and flight crew all very nice and profressional and attentive; bags arrived at final destination - no issues with missing luggage" Cons: "Another delay from icn to bkk, No meal on this 6hr flight! Catering issue, so no dinner... just a pack of peanuts, literally. Seats very uncomfortable in economy, lack cushioning" Pros: "The crew was great and the ammentities made me feel comfortable" Pros: "We liked the service and food and had plenty of space since the flight was half empty." Cons: "Flight was 50 minutes late leaving Seattle because Asiana was waiting for a connecting flight. We still made our connection in Seoul so no problem." Pros: "The crew is great. Seats are more comfortable than other airlines. They feed you lots of food. They are my favorite airline." Cons: "Some planes don't have the foot rest. It makes a huge difference in comfort." Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 Asiana Airlines8.2 Book cheap flights from Seattle to Bangkok Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Seattle to Bangkok found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 4/2Tue 1 stopSingapore Airlines 38h 00mSEA-BKK $315 Search 4/13Sat 1 stopSingapore Airlines 19h 40mSEA-BKK $323 Search 1/21Sun 1 stopAsiana Airlines 20h 30mSEA-BKK $648 Search 1/21Sun 1 stopAsiana Airlines 20h 30mSEA-BKK $650 Search 1/18Thu 1 stopKorean Air 22h 45mSEA-BKK $672 Search 1/18Thu 1 stopKorean Air 22h 45mSEA-BKK $677 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopDelta 23h 00mSEA-BKK $687 Search 1/10Wed 2 stopsDelta 27h 25mSEA-BKK $692 Search 1/24Wed 1 stopEVA Air 20h 30mSEA-BKK $702 Search 4/12Fri 1 stopEVA Air 32h 00mSEA-BKK $740 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSingapore AirlinesAsiana AirlinesKorean AirDeltaEVA Air Search by price$320 or less$650 or less$680 or less$690 or less$740 or less Last minute flights from Seattle to Suvarnabhumi Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Seattle to Bangkok that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stopTurkish Airlines 42h 55mSEA-BKK 12/27Wed multi-stopTurkish Airlines 25h 30mBKK-SEA $1,000 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopTurkish Airlines 42h 55mSEA-BKK 12/28Thu multi-stopTurkish Airlines 25h 30mBKK-SEA $1,131 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopKorean Air 26h 15mSEA-BKK 12/12Tue multi-stopKorean Air 27h 05mBKK-SEA $1,138 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopKorean Air 26h 15mSEA-BKK 3/26Tue multi-stopKorean Air 29h 25mBKK-SEA $1,149 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 34h 25mSEA-BKK 3/25Mon multi-stopDelta 38h 15mBKK-SEA $1,150 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 35h 25mSEA-BKK 4/2Tue multi-stopDelta 36h 46mBKK-SEA $1,159 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopEVA Air 34h 15mSEA-BKK 12/5Tue multi-stopEVA Air 15h 20mBKK-SEA $1,237 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopEVA Air 32h 30mSEA-BKK 12/4Mon multi-stopEVA Air 30h 55mBKK-SEA $1,246 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAsiana Airlines 18h 50mSEA-BKK 3/23Sat multi-stopAsiana Airlines 24h 10mBKK-SEA $1,432 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAsiana Airlines 18h 50mSEA-BKK 12/9Sat multi-stopAsiana Airlines 25h 20mBKK-SEA $1,506 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTurkish AirlinesKorean AirDeltaEVA AirAsiana Airlines Search by price$1,130 or less$1,150 or less$1,160 or less$1,250 or less$1,510 or less Seattle - Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport Flights Departure: Seattle (SEA)United States Destination: Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport (BKK)Thailand Return flight deals: Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport - Seattle Cabin classes: First Class flights to Bangkok Business Class flights to Bangkok Prem Econ Class flights to Bangkok Economy Class flights to Bangkok Browse origins: Flights » United States » Washington » Seattle $556Flights from Seattle to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Thailand » Bangkok » Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport $556Flights to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Ontario Flights to Honolulu Flights to San Diego Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Seattle. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Seattle. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.