Cheap Flights from New York JFK to London Heathrow from $95 | (JFK - LHR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JFK - LHR Find cheap flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport from $95 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/29. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to London Heathrow Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to London. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to London. How much is the cheapest flight from John F Kennedy Intl to Heathrow?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Heathrow that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:20 pm - 2:35 pmJFK-LHR 34h 15m2 stops 9:55 am - 9:30 pmLHR-JFK 16h 35m1 stop $363Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Sun, Jan 21 11:20 pm - 2:35 pmJFK-LHR 34h 15m2 stops 9:55 am - 9:30 pmLHR-JFK 16h 35m1 stop $364Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Mon, Jan 22 11:20 pm - 4:00 pmJFK-LHR 11h 40m1 stop 6:40 am - 9:30 pmLHR-JFK 43h 50m2 stops $371Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sun, Jan 21 11:20 pm - 5:00 pmJFK-LHR 36h 40m2 stops 9:55 am - 9:30 pmLHR-JFK 16h 35m1 stop $392Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 9 - Mon, Feb 12 9:10 pm - 11:30 amJFK-LHR 9h 20m1 stop 7:50 am - 1:55 pmLHR-JFK 11h 05m1 stop $482Aer Lingus Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Mon, Feb 5 5:00 pm - 10:20 amJFK-LHR 12h 20m1 stop 12:15 pm - 7:40 pmLHR-JFK 12h 25m1 stop $483Aer Lingus Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Fri, Jan 19 7:25 pm - 10:50 amJFK-LHR 10h 25m1 stop 1:05 pm - 7:10 pmLHR-JFK 11h 05m1 stop $484Icelandair Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Wed, May 1 11:20 am - 10:50 amJFK-LHR 18h 30m1 stop 8:40 pm - 10:10 amLHR-JFK 18h 30m1 stop $493Icelandair Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Sun, Jan 28 9:15 am - 7:10 amJFK-LHR 16h 55m1 stop 6:50 am - 1:20 pmLHR-JFK 11h 30m1 stop $538United Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Sun, Jan 28 7:45 pm - 8:05 amJFK-LHR 31h 20m2 stops 6:00 am - 1:00 pmLHR-JFK 12h 00m1 stop $575SWISS Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Sun, Jan 28 Show more results Flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Heathrow - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Heathrow to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport is February, where tickets cost $609 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $948 and $895 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 77 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport were found on Scandinavian Airlines ($363) and TAP AIR PORTUGAL ($449). JetBlue proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $95. Which airlines fly most frequently between New York John F Kennedy Airport and London Heathrow Airport? British Airways connects New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport up to 13 flights per day, followed by American Airlines (6 flights per day), and Virgin Atlantic (5 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and London Heathrow Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport. They are: American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, JetBlue and Virgin Atlantic. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Virgin Atlantic at $441 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Virgin Atlantic. How many flights are there between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and London Heathrow Airport per day? Each day, there are between 28 and 33 nonstop flights that take off from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and land in London Heathrow Airport, with an average flight time of 6h 57m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 221 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 15% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and London Heathrow Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport take? Direct flights take on average 9h 20m to travel the 3,440 miles between New York John F Kennedy Airport and London Heathrow Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport at 8:05 am and will be landing in London Heathrow Airport at 7:50 pm. What’s the latest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport jets off at 11:25 pm and lands at 11:15 am. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight $95 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 15% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 7% increase in price. Flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport When to book flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Heathrow Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from John F Kennedy Intl to Heathrow based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport flights Can I fly nonstop from JFK to Heathrow? Many major airlines offer nonstop flights from New York’s John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) to London’s Heathrow Airport (LHR), including British Airways, JetBlue, American Airlines, Delta, and Virgin Atlantic. You can also choose from a limited number of one-stop flights that may save you money, but this will generally add at least 3h to your overall travel time. Can I get help navigating Heathrow Airport? You should take advantage of LHR’s Meet and Greet service in case you need help with completing procedures at immigration, travel tips, or assistance with baggage. With a Meet and Greet operator, you’ll have all the assistance you need to navigate your way through the airport. Can I get to New York’s JFK International Airport using public transportation? If you’re taking the subway to JFK Airport, you can connect to the airport via the AirTrain JFK at either the Jamaica or the Howard Beach station. If you’re coming from Midtown Manhattan (Penn Station), Downtown Brooklyn (Atlantic Terminal), or Long Island, the Long Island Railroad may be a faster alternative. These commuter trains stop at the Jamaica station, where you’ll hop on the AirTrain to the airport. Where can I loosen up at John F. Kennedy International Airport? While waiting for your flight at JFK, you can get comfortable at Be Relax Spa across from Gates 6 and 7 in Terminal 5 or XpresSpa near Gates 3 and 6 in Terminal 1. Home to experienced massage therapists and beauty experts, these spas offer superb manicures, pedicures, facials, and massages at pocket-friendly rates. Is there parking at John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)? Short-term parking lots (up to 24h) are located outside of each passenger terminal. If you’re planning to park at JFK for longer than 24h, use the long-term parking lot (Lot 9/Economy Lot) located at Lefferts Boulevard. The airport’s free AirTrain JFK shuttle offers 24/7 service to the terminals from all parking lots. Note that the airport parking kiosks do not accept cash payments, so be ready to pay with your debit or credit card, contactless payment (Google Pay, Apple Pay, or Samsung Pay), or EZ-Pass Plus. Is it possible to rent a car at Heathrow Airport? You can rent without much struggle at LHR, given that this airport has counters for several car rental agencies, notably Europcar, Avis, Hertz, SIXT, National, Enterprise, and Budget. The counters are in Terminal 3, near Arrivals, Level 0. To rent a vehicle from any of the noted agencies, you must be 21 years old and have a driver’s license, passport, and credit card. How far is Heathrow Airport (LHR) from London’s city center? Heathrow is about 15.5 miles west of Paddington Station in the center of London. Using the Heathrow Express train, you can get to Paddington Station in about 15min. These trains depart from the airport about every 30min, and tickets start at about £22 ($27). Using the Underground subway system, the same trip takes about an hour, and tickets start at about £4 ($5). Does John F. Kennedy International Airport feature children’s play areas? JFK has three designated children’s play areas. There’s one near Terminal 5 Gate 12 with a pirate-themed playground and another for children ages 2 to 12 near Gate 26 that boasts a JetBlue aviation-themed play area. The final one is in Terminal 8, a short distance from the American Airlines Admirals Club. What is the most affordable public transit option from Heathrow Airport to Central London? If you want to travel from LHR to Central London using public transit, you can take a London Underground Piccadilly Line train, an Elizabeth Line train, or a local bus. It’s in your best interest to take a Piccadilly Line train if on a budget since these trains are the most cost-effective public means serving the airport. Does John F. Kennedy International Airport have a prayer room? In a quiet corner on the fourth floor of Terminal 4 are four prayer churches representing four of the world’s major faiths – Catholic, Protestant, Islam, and Judaism. They all have chaplains who are on call 24/7 to perform pastoral duties. Do I need a passport to fly between New York John F Kennedy Airport and London Heathrow Airport? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport? On your way to London Heathrow Airport, you’ll fly out from New York John F Kennedy Intl. You’ll be landing at London Heathrow. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport flight route: Iberia, American Airlines, Cape Air, British Airways, Finnair, JetBlue, Virgin Atlantic, Delta, and Brussels Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport? The Boeing 777 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and London Heathrow Airport, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport? There are nonstop flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to London, JetBlue or Virgin Atlantic? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to London are JetBlue and Virgin Atlantic. With an average price for the route of $814 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Virgin Atlantic is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $711 and an overall rating of 8.0. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to London Heathrow Airport from New York John F Kennedy Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to London Heathrow Airport with an airline and back to New York John F Kennedy Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and LHR can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to London Heathrow Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to London Heathrow Airport from New York John F Kennedy Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from JFK to London Heathrow Airport Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $431 or less one-way and $602 or less round-trip. The AirTrain JFK is the airport’s free shuttle train that stops at all the passenger terminals, parking lots, car rental center, and hotel shuttle stops. This free, 24/7 service also stops at the Jamaica and Howard Beach subway stations. If you intend to fly from John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) to Heathrow Airport (LHR) aboard a multiple-stop flight, your layover destination(s) will be determined by the airline you travel with since the airlines serving this route have varying stopover locations. For instance, suppose you travel aboard a one-stop flight. In that case, you’ll have a layover at Copenhagen (CPH) if you travel with Scandinavian Airlines, Dublin (DUB) if you journey with Aer Lingus, and Paris (CDG) if you opt to journey with Air France. If you’ve scheduled an early morning departure from New York’s John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK), consider spending the night at the TWA Hotel in the airport. You’ll wake refreshed and avoid the morning commute to meet your plane. You can securely store your extra baggage before exiting LHR, given that it features a baggage storage provider. Referred to as Excess Baggage Company, this service provider has storage locations next to lifts for Heathrow Express in Terminal 2, the Arrivals for Terminals 3, 4, and 5, and the Mezzanine Level of Terminal 4. Maximum storage time is 90 days. Nursing mothers will find at least a nursing suite in Terminal 3 in the Family Lounge at London Heathrow Airport (LHR), in case they need to feed her baby after the long flight. Several airlines offer flights from JFK to LHR. Among them, British Airways, JetBlue, and Air Canada pride themselves on having the most exceptional environmental conservation records. This being the case, if you’d like to travel with an eco-friendly partner, consider traveling with any of these airlines. Stop at JFK’s currency exchange counter in Terminal 1, which is located on the Departures Level at Gates 1-3 (W Concourse), to exchange some of your dollars for pounds before landing in London. You can also find exchange stations at LHR, in Terminals 2,3,4 and 5 before and after Security. Heathrow Central Station is found between Terminals 2 and 3 and is connected to both terminals by a pedestrian walkway. There is another railway station below Terminal 5. Adjacent to each railway station is a tube station, but the tube and railway stations have no direct connection. It is recommendable to purchase an Oyster card at Heathrow (LHR) if you’re planning to use London’s buses, trams, subways, and railways. This all-in-one electronic smartcard is the easiest way to pay for London transit system fares. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York John F Kennedy Intl to London Heathrow? Find which airlines fly direct from John F Kennedy Intl to Heathrow, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York John F Kennedy Intl to London Heathrow Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights Nonstop returns London Heathrow to New York John F Kennedy Intl Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from John F Kennedy Intl to Heathrow See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to London. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from John F Kennedy Intl to Heathrow? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19619 reviews 78food 86crew 79entertainment 82comfort 82overall 83boarding Airline reviews Cons: "Flight was 3 1/2 hours delayed. In-flight entertainment system didn’t function. They didn’t perform a beverage/snack service. Very poor overall. Disappointing."Read more about JetBlue Cons: "Flight was 3 1/2 hours delayed. In-flight entertainment system didn’t function. They didn’t perform a beverage/snack service. Very poor overall. Disappointing." Cons: "Two hour delay between boarding and then sitting on the runway." Pros: "Crew handled a health situation very well. Never lost their composure." Cons: "Not having our luggage lost" Cons: "Wasn't their fault but it was a pretty turbulent flight. It's winter and we flew NY to Costa Rica, this is expecteddue to the wind, in the winter, in warmer climates. you could tell the pilot was doing his best to avoid turbulence though & the staff were ultra professional." Pros: "Legroom in coach and snacks" Cons: "My wife and I were assigned seats in separate rows" Pros: "The early boarding for families with strollers and the comfortable seats with a little more space than other airlines." Pros: "Ample leg space, super clean, very amiable staff, free media, all round excellent. Positive feel." Cons: "Liked everything" Cons: "The flight was delayed 2 hrs. Engine as no flight permission problems. My seat was hard." Cons: "Too much talking on the loud speaker. Cabin lights on with over an hour left in flight" Cons: "I forgot my earbuds and there were no complimentary headsets available" Pros: "Friendly and caring attendants. Smooth flight. Good condition of the aircraft." Pros: "Crew was great. Ice cream was fun. Swiss chocolate was a nice surprise!" Cons: "Short flight with no entertainment, no means to charge devices." Pros: "The best thing is that they’re always on time" Cons: "The seats are way too cramped" Pros: "Chocolate is a nice touch. Snacks (sandwich) was actually good." Cons: "Seating upholstery needs to be replaced. Faux leather upholstery has cracks. The seat next to mine kept coming off." Cons: "Boarding started 20 mins late, once on board was moved to accommodate a family to sit together. No objection to them sitting together but how is it possible that they’re in that situation to begin with. Flight was overbooked so crew offering cash to delay for a later flight, which on a Sunday evening is an unappetising proposect" Pros: "Booked a flight to Europe. Online check in easy. Luggage dropoff at JFK had no line for online check in. Flight was on time, my luggage arrived in my final destination fine (had 1 transfer). Crew was efficient and attentive." Cons: "Spaces for seats in the economy class are shrinking. With Swiss Air, seems more so as the seats recline quite a bit which is of course good for an 8-9 hours flight. However if the passenger in front of you reclines their seats, you absolutely are forced to recline yours immediately, otherwise no one will fit. Flight attendants have to ask passengers to put the seats back from reclining during meal service so people can open the food tray and are able to access it, that is how much the seats tilt." Pros: "Everyone was very friendly and helpful. They were all multi-lingual and ready to help foreign travelers. The food was good. The plain wasn’t overstuffed with people - actually there were enough open seats that everyone could have a little extra space. Will always check Swiss Air first for international travel." Pros: "It was nice because plane was half empty so had quicker attention from stewards - everything was good." Pros: "It reminds me of school dinners" Cons: "Bland, over cooked No thought into the presentation or flavour" Pros: "Swiss has the most cheerful crews I've seen, and their enthusiasm is infectious which makes it easier to tolerate being cramped in a plane for hours. Also, I love that they give you a Swiss chocolate at the en of the flight." Pros: "Crew are always top notch, free drinks are readily available and entertainment system is great." Cons: "The food portions and quality have definitely declined over the years sadly, as carriers cut costs no doubt." Pros: "I travelled on economy delight, flight was fully packed, yet it felt spacious and comfortable. Lightning was great. Food was yummy! And pilots gave us updates on air travel, and if there were any delays etc." Cons: "Nothing. Had a great trip!" Pros: "Amazing crew, excellent drinks and decent food. Very comfortable seat" Cons: "Everything was great" Pros: "Crew was great !!!" Cons: "Seating in upper class is uncomfortable and bedding is not fresh." Pros: "The flight itself was good! The one from London to Delhi was better than from JFK to London" Cons: "I wasn’t told about my baggage were being delivered through different airlines the other day!" Pros: "The flight felt so short, service was amazing, food was good. Great overall experience." Cons: "They lost my luggage, and ruined my trip, Customer service doesn't pick up the phone" Pros: "Staff was very friendly, the plane was very clean. Loved the entire trip, except for our uncontrollable weather delay." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Although we were badly delayed the cabin service was excellent in every way. Good meal , cheerful staff and well turned out." Pros: "Fast boarding and nice staff. Food selection was ok" Cons: "One item missing from menu (unavailable). Issues with entertainment system. Bathrooms lacked moisturiser which is always very helpful on long flights where the air is dry" The flight was cancelled early on and messed up the whole vacation and hard to get a refund from Kayak as they owned the ticket and of course they did not believe that SAS cancelled the ticket. Definite bad side to third party. SAS had rescheduled but overlapped the connecting flights. That did not work. Flight was cancelled long ago but Kayak still has it. Like it was taken? Bad IT ? Or all assumptions and no follow up which is the whole IT world. It needs to wake up and be more efficient. Especially as the world is going, there will be no freedom to do anything. And we will be living like the Middle Ages. Yeah, go read up on that while you still can. Cons: "Terrible airline, they charge for everything, but don’t give the client good service. I was yelled by a worker because I was having difficulties scanning my bag at the self-scanning-and-uploading-your-luggage that you pay $100 dollars extra Per bag. I don’t like this airline." Cons: "I don’t like how the food on premium economy is packed in a cubic box that is really messy to eat from which the small plastic cutlery. Food quality is good, but feels like being an animal being fed from a bucket." Cons: "Got asked to leave my seat in row 3 for one further back because I couldnt pull up my ticket mid flight to show it was my seat. Their system had me in another row so I missed out on the extra service offered to that row." Pros: "Flight arrived on time. No issues." Cons: "Standard flight - nothing special I wish they would have done a garbage run prior to landing." Cons: "This has nothing directly with SAS, but since I experienced it during my flight there, they are responsible of it. I was waiting for the flight at the OSLO airport waiting for the flight to LONDON. I had ample time to work on my computer. In the big room by the gate there was only one spot where I found three electrical sockets hanging from a pillar or post. To my dismay none worked. My plug would fall off from each. To document, I took the pictures of the useless sockets... I complained to the lady at the boarding desk (she left before the SAS staff moved in), she did not even care... This experience frustrated me and turned an otherwise pleasant trip into a bitter one. Please install some working sockets in your waiting room! Flight SK 809 Confirmation: LN9M6O Departure: Oslo & other airports (OSL) Arrival: Heathrow (LHR) Time: Sat Dec 2 2017 3:05 pm CET - Sat Dec 2 2017 4:25 pm GMT Peace, Edip Yuksel +1 520 481 1919" Pros: "This is obviously a very well-run airline. Boarding was efficient, the crew were warm and professional, and the overall feel of the aircraft was very Scandinavian-cool. I was most impressed with the meal service. We were served twice on our 9 hour flight, and both meals were hot, healthy, and the best I’ve had during a flight. The passenger in front of us was having a hard time with her sinuses, and the flight attendant (whose name I wish we had gotten) was very attentive and concerned for the comfort and well-being of the passenger. She insisted on doing anything she could to alleviate the woman’s difficulty. It is clear that the crew care about the passengers’ experience." Cons: "We were unable to sleep at all during our overnight flight and landed pretty exhausted. Our seats were comfortable (complete with a moldable headrest to keep your head from bobbing around) but we felt too upright to fall asleep. The passenger in front of us reclined, but we were concerned about reclining into the already tight space of the passenger behind us. So we weren’t able to sleep, despite trying to get comfortable/somewhat horizontal. It seemed to be a mixed bag of asleep and awake passengers on the flight, so some people were unaffected by this issue." Pros: "On time, easy boarding" Cons: "The flight was nearly full and everyone seemed to have at least two cases. This caused lots of jostling for space in the lockers" Pros: "Pleasant crew" Cons: "Boarding was shambolic and the 737 is not as nice as the new A320 in terms of comfort or amenity. Boarding was all over the place - and the gate agents clearly need extra people around for a full flight. One person for 170 ppl didn't feel right." Cons: "They only offered tea and coffee for free as a drink and nothing anything more, and were not kind at explaining this." Pros: "They were nice, rushed through beverages, but since it was a short flight that's understandable." Cons: "The top cushion on the seats could be less bulky." Pros: "From check in to security to boarding everything was smooth with no waiting. Thanks for a great flight." Pros: "When I finally settled into my seat on the British Airline and that Hostess came around and offered me a couple of free drinks that was the best thing that happened to me all day." Cons: "For an older couple like us did not like having to climb the steps up into the Plane and being out in the rain did not help. However that was not the worst part of the arrangement between getting off the Aer Lingus plane and with so little time to reach the gate for our BA flight to Denver it was a total disaster. Due to a minor problem my wife had with her foot I had asked for a wheel-chair to be available when we got off the plane at Heatrow. Good job that I did because with out their help we would never have made it in time for your flight to Denver. Between up and down in elevators, running along the corridors, in and out of a bus and I myself trying to catch up with those poor attendants. I was sorry that I did not get a second wheel chair for my self. Only for the flight was delayed by about 20 minutes we would have missed the flight. Who ever was responsible for making the arrangements of just allowing a time of 1 hour and 10 minutes between flights needs to figure out a better time schedule before people of our age ends up getting stressed out and end up with a heart attack. Very stressful indeed, believe I will never let this happen to me again. Fly/Us you need to fix this." Cons: "Feels dated and needs new energy with better food and atmosphere" Pros: "Everyone was helpful and pleasant to talk to" Cons: "Online check in did not work. Could not check in and get seats until boarding in London" Pros: "Premium economy seats in front of the bulkhead from Charlotte to Dublin were very comfortable and worth the extra price." Cons: "NO complimentary drinks or snacks. Seats are bolt upright. Not comfortable." Pros: "Shannon is a very easy airport." Cons: "I was unable to get my seats assigned from America. I had to go to the Aer Lingus desk when I arrived to get seat assignment." Pros: "The efficient flight but no drinks or snacks w/o purchase" Pros: "I thought the staff were more friendly this time around." JetBlue8.1 SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Aer Lingus7.4 Book cheap flights from New York to London Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to London found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/29Fri 1 stopJetBlue 11h 15mJFK-LHR $95 Search 2/25Sun 1 stopIcelandair 10h 25mJFK-LHR $224 Search 4/24Wed 1 stop 12h 55mJFK-LHR $233 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopIcelandair 10h 25mJFK-LHR $234 Search 2/27Tue 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 11h 40mJFK-LHR $301 Search 1/15Mon 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 17h 20mJFK-LHR $316 Search 4/10Wed nonstopBritish Airways 7h 20mJFK-LHR $370 Search 4/1Mon nonstopBritish Airways 7h 00mJFK-LHR $376 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopAer Lingus 12h 20mJFK-LHR $392 Search 3/31Sun 1 stopVirgin Atlantic 13h 05mJFK-LHR $400 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineJetBlueIcelandairScandinavian AirlinesBritish AirwaysAer LingusVirgin Atlantic Search by price$220 or less$230 or less$320 or less$380 or less$400 or less Last minute flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Heathrow Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to London that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 11h 40mJFK-LHR 12/11Mon multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 16h 35mLHR-JFK $441 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 11h 40mJFK-LHR 12/4Mon multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 16h 35mLHR-JFK $442 Search 12/2Sat nonstopVirgin Atlantic 6h 50mJFK-LHR 12/3Sun multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 12h 00mLHR-JFK $615 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 45mJFK-LHR 2/1Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 13h 35mLHR-JFK $616 Search 12/2Sat nonstopVirgin Atlantic 6h 50mJFK-LHR 12/3Sun multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 11h 40mLHR-JFK $618 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 7h 00mJFK-LHR 1/23Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 12h 30mLHR-JFK $623 Search 12/1Fri nonstopIberia 6h 45mJFK-LHR 12/6Wed multi-stopIberia 25h 00mLHR-JFK $637 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopIberia 10h 25mJFK-LHR 1/22Mon multi-stopIberia 13h 10mLHR-JFK $641 Search 12/2Sat nonstopBritish Airways 6h 45mJFK-LHR 12/6Wed nonstopBritish Airways 8h 15mLHR-JFK $652 Search 12/4Mon nonstopBritish Airways 6h 50mJFK-LHR 12/12Tue nonstopBritish Airways 8h 15mLHR-JFK $675 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineScandinavian AirlinesVirgin AtlanticAmerican AirlinesIberiaBritish Airways Search by price$440 or less$620 or less$620 or less$640 or less$680 or less New York John F Kennedy Airport - London Heathrow Airport Flights Departure: New York John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)United States Destination: London Heathrow Airport (LHR)United Kingdom Return flight deals: London Heathrow Airport - New York John F Kennedy Airport Cabin classes: $1,639 First Class flights to London $2,192 Business Class flights to London $1,358 Prem Econ Class flights to London $440 Economy Class flights to London Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York John F Kennedy Airport $347Flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to London Heathrow Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » United Kingdom » England » London » London Heathrow Airport $347Flights to London Heathrow Airport, London Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search London Heathrow Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to London Heathrow Airport from New York John F Kennedy Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to London Heathrow Airport from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.