Cheap Flights from Winnipeg to Orlando Airport from C$ 189 | (YWG - MCO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YWG - MCO Find cheap flights from Winnipeg to Orlando from C$ 189 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 15/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Winnipeg to Orlando. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Winnipeg to Orlando. How much is the cheapest flight from Winnipeg to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Winnipeg to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:10 p.m. - 9:11 p.m.YWG-MCO 4h 01mdirect 9:45 p.m. - 1:00 a.m.MCO-YWG 4h 15mdirect C$ 217WestJet Find Deal Thu, 4 Apr - Tue, 16 Apr 6:30 a.m. - 11:35 a.m.YWG-MCO 4h 05mdirect 12:45 p.m. - 4:05 p.m.MCO-YWG 4h 20mdirect C$ 227Sunwing Airlines Find Deal Sat, 6 Jan - Sat, 13 Jan 3:50 p.m. - 8:51 p.m.YWG-MCO 4h 01mdirect 9:45 p.m. - 1:00 a.m.MCO-YWG 4h 15mdirect C$ 229WestJet Find Deal Tue, 2 Apr - Tue, 16 Apr 3:50 p.m. - 8:51 p.m.YWG-MCO 4h 01mdirect 10:00 p.m. - 1:15 a.m.MCO-YWG 4h 15mdirect C$ 230WestJet Find Deal Tue, 2 Apr - Thu, 18 Apr 11:45 a.m. - 10:18 p.m.YWG-MCO 9h 33m1 stop 1:35 p.m. - 10:17 p.m.MCO-YWG 9h 42m1 stop C$ 234Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 16 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 9:15 a.m. - 10:18 p.m.YWG-MCO 12h 03m2 stops 1:35 p.m. - 10:17 p.m.MCO-YWG 9h 42m1 stop C$ 239Air Canada Find Deal Sun, 14 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 8:15 p.m. - 10:56 a.m.YWG-MCO 13h 41m1 stop 9:45 p.m. - 1:01 a.m.MCO-YWG 4h 16mdirect C$ 251 Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Tue, 12 Dec 12:40 p.m. - 12:11 a.m.YWG-MCO 10h 31m1 stop 5:00 a.m. - 11:35 a.m.MCO-YWG 7h 35m2 stops C$ 253Delta Find Deal Thu, 4 Jan - Thu, 11 Jan 7:30 a.m. - 6:19 p.m.YWG-MCO 9h 49m1 stop 6:02 a.m. - 7:59 p.m.MCO-YWG 14h 57m2 stops C$ 262 Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 12:40 p.m. - 12:33 a.m.YWG-MCO 10h 53m2 stops 5:00 a.m. - 11:35 a.m.MCO-YWG 7h 35m2 stops C$ 267Delta Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Sun, 14 Jan Show more results Flights from Winnipeg to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Winnipeg to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Winnipeg to Orlando Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Winnipeg to Orlando Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Winnipeg to Orlando Airport is January, where tickets cost C$ 548 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are August and December, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 753 and C$ 744 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Winnipeg to Orlando Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Winnipeg to Orlando Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Winnipeg to Orlando Airport, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 57 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Winnipeg to Orlando? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Orlando from Winnipeg were found on Lynx Air (C$ 189) and WestJet (C$ 224), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on WestJet (C$ 295) and Sunwing Airlines (C$ 308). Which airlines fly direct between Winnipeg and Orlando Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Winnipeg to Orlando Airport. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Winnipeg to Orlando Airport. They are Sunwing Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest airline for this route is Sunwing Airlines, with the best deal found costing C$ 279. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Sunwing Airlines. How many flights are there between Winnipeg and Orlando Airport per day? Each day, there are 2 nonstop flights that take off from Winnipeg and land in Orlando Airport, with an average flight time of 4h 02m. The most common departure time is 6:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 2 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 2. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Winnipeg and Orlando Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Winnipeg to Orlando take? The average direct flight takes 3h 52m, covering a distance of 4,409 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Winnipeg to Orlando? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Winnipeg at 6:30 am and will be landing in Orlando Airport at 11:35 am. What’s the latest departure time from Winnipeg to Orlando? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Winnipeg to Orlando Airport jets off at 4:10 pm and lands at 9:08 pm. Good to know Low season June High season February Cheapest flight C$ 189 Best time to beat the crowds (4% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (3% more expensive on average) Flight from Winnipeg to Orlando When to book flights from Winnipeg to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Winnipeg to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Winnipeg to Orlando flights Can I get a direct flight from Winnipeg to Orlando? There are currently no direct flights from Winnipeg to Orlando. Most flights require two stops on the way, usually at the Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) and the Chicago O’Hare International airports (ORD). What luggage services does Orlando International Airport (MCO) provide? Orlando International Airport has the Hold My Luggage department located on the Main Terminal, Level 1 of the B side. It offers luggage storage, pick up and return, and transport services from one hotel to another. Orlando International Airport also provides a luggage wrapping station where you can wrap your item to prevent them from damages, staining, or theft. Does Winnipeg Richardson International Airport (YWG) offer special services for passengers with limited mobility? Winnipeg Richardson International Airport runs the Passenger Rehearsal Program that offers one-on-one support to individuals with reduced mobility. Travelers with disabilities are given a tour guide to help them maneuver through the traveling process. It also provides AIRA services, an app that helps individuals with vision impairment access assistance. What accessibility features does Orlando International Airport (MCO) have? Orlando International Airport is wheelchair accessible. The airport is equipped with escalators, elevators, and moving walkways that minimize the walking distance, facilitating easy navigation. It also features a roll-on and roll-off train system that requires no change of level or floor from the main terminal to the gates. What ground transportation options are available in Orlando International Airport (MCO)? You can conveniently access public transportation to your destination from the Orlando International Airport. You can also travel by taxis operated by the airport or shuttles such as Star Executive. Other transport companies offering transportation services from Orlando International Airport include Every Day Ride and Carmel Car and Limo. Are there shops and restaurants within Orlando International Airport (MCO)? Orlando International Airport features multiple shopping solutions, including duty-free shops. Some of the places you can buy items include the Kennedy Space Center Shop, Naturally Inspired, Disney’s Earport, and the Magic of Disney. You can also dine at restaurants such as the Romano’s Macaroni Grill, Panda Express, and the Moe’s Southwest Grill located at the Main Terminal. Which airports will I be using when flying from Winnipeg to Orlando? Winnipeg and Orlando are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Winnipeg from Winnipeg and will be arriving at Orlando. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Winnipeg to Orlando? The Boeing 737-800 Passenger/BBJ2 (winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Winnipeg to Orlando flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Winnipeg to Orlando? You can catch a direct flight from Winnipeg to Orlando on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from Winnipeg to Orlando, Delta or WestJet Encore? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Winnipeg to Orlando are Delta and WestJet Encore. With an average price for the route of C$ 600 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. WestJet Encore is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 762 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Winnipeg to Orlando? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Winnipeg to Orlando. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Winnipeg to Orlando? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando from Winnipeg is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Winnipeg to Orlando? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando with an airline and back to Winnipeg with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Winnipeg to Orlando? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando from Winnipeg up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Winnipeg to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 187 or less one-way and C$ 287 or less round-trip. Orlando International Airport (MCO) has an Information Booth located on Level 3, A-side of the main terminal, where travelers can access important information about the airport and concierge services. The booth also stores lost and found items. Looking for ways to pass the time as you wait for your transport to your destination? Orlando International Airport provides several recreation services, including live entertainment performances for passengers to pass the time before heading to their destinations. Passengers looking for a quiet and peaceful space where they can meditate or pray upon arrival can visit the reflection room or the interfaith chapel at the Orlando International Airport located at Gate 70-99. Winnipeg Richardson International Airport (YWG) features multiple parking options, including short- and long-term parking, with services such as battery boost parks, complimentary block heater plugs, and family comfort parking solutions. Orlando International Airport offers free Wi-Fi in all public areas within the airport. You can conveniently watch your favorite shows and videos online using your devices as you wait to head to your destination. Orlando International Airport has a USO Welcome Center that serves troops and military families. The center features amenities such as a gaming station, a sleeping room, and complimentary food and drinks. It is located at the Main Terminal A-Side, Level 1. For vehicles with specialized equipment like lifts and hand controls and disabled veterans’ plates, Orlando International Airport offers free parking services. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Winnipeg to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from Winnipeg to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Winnipeg to Orlando Search flights Tuesday WestJet,LATAM Airlines WestJet,LATAM Airlines Thursday LATAM Airlines,WestJet LATAM Airlines,WestJet Friday WestJet WestJet Saturday Sunwing Airlines,WestJet Sunwing Airlines,WestJet Sunday LATAM Airlines,WestJet LATAM Airlines,WestJet See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Winnipeg Search flights Tuesday Aeromexico,WestJet Aeromexico,WestJet Thursday Aeromexico,WestJet Aeromexico,WestJet Friday Aeromexico,WestJet Aeromexico,WestJet Saturday Aeromexico,Sunwing Airlines,WestJet Aeromexico,Sunwing Airlines, +1 more Sunday Aeromexico,WestJet Aeromexico,WestJet See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Winnipeg to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Winnipeg to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Winnipeg to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29960 reviews 81overall 78entertainment 81boarding 75food 78comfort 85crew Airline reviews Cons: "Seats were a little dirty especially for the COVID-19 going around."Read more about Delta Cons: "Seats were a little dirty especially for the COVID-19 going around." Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Pros: "Maria in Winnipeg tried to find me decent connections. She did book me into a hotel in Boston as I missed connection 3 times!!!!" Cons: "Flights that arrive and leave on time. How can one plan a trip if flights are continually cancelled or delayed. Very frustrating and a very unhappy customer." Pros: "Horrible delay with unruly customers on the plane. But the flight attendants did great handling them" Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Cons: "We had to wait at the customs for nearly 1.5hrs, then pick up our luggage, then check in again!!! We were running and got on the plane 10 mins before the departure. Super stressful!!" Pros: "The people was relaxed and the flight attendant was polite and professional.. everything was on time" Cons: "Nothing at all great service" Pros: "I think they flew so fast. We could land almost on time even though we departed a hour late. Airplane was new and clean." Cons: "Boarding was chaos. They overbooked 25? 45? Anyway, they are in panic. They tried to request ppl to take next day flight by giving away 300 gift card etc. the ppl who were told there are no seats upset and arguing at the gate. Flight was delayed for one hour. Once we are on airplane, they are still shuffling seats around, so ppl cannot move forward. Just standing there for 10mins waiting for things to settle. Flight attendants did not give us a headphone. (I have a headphone for iPhone X so I could not connect it to their entertaiment system.)" Pros: "Everything went as smoothly as possible. Not a hiccup. Great price, great flight, great experience!" Pros: "I love flying Delta. Non stop flights from DTW to MCO and FLL. The crew are so courteous. Love the new uniforms also." Cons: "Nothing." Great flight, comfort, and staff. Prefer tv in back of seat but watching on phone will do Pros: "Friendly staff and the support they offered to my mother who needed a wheelchair." Cons: "I would have liked to have had WestJet internet and entertainment access. It was not offered on our flight from Toronto to Fredericton." Pros: "The fact that military personnel and retired military personnel and their spouse can check in luggage for free. The check in crew was also very courteous." Pros: "It ran on time. The pilot landed the plane without a big jolt. We could board and deplane using 2 exits." Cons: "Seat space" Pros: "Rotten stuff cancels out the good doesn't it. Be great if you could take some courses from Stephen Covey as you are missing some skills sets in hospitality. And stop being so cheap with the 3rd rate old old movies!" Cons: "I did not appreciate having the second row to the last on my 2nd plane coming back - I only had a turn around time of 20 minutes to catch my third Westjet flight. When we asked if the plane would wait for us - your crew just laughed in our faces." Pros: "Great, friendly crew in this scenic trip across to Victoria. Nice new aircraft operating this route." Pros: "Cheerfulness of WestJet employees." Cons: "Seat comfort; seats hard. Person next to me average size but still spilled into my seat with “man-spreading” and shoulders." Pros: "Efficient crew and reasonable seating" Cons: "Need more legroom or a device to fold passenger legs for the flight duration..." Pros: "Crew was good. Seats need to be updated and are confining. I appreciated being able to disembark through front and rear door." Cons: "More space between the seats." Pros: "the crew was very polite but the flight was too short to have a meal" Cons: "delayed embarking" Cons: "Everything was great. Westjet is so much better than Air Canada!" Pros: "They were very helpful and polite." Cons: "Times have changed and they offer very little such as entertainment food options. but it was short trip and people need to adjust." Pros: "The crew was very nice" Cons: "Seats are uncomfortable and there’s no tv for entertainment." Pros: "We were a little cramped in, but overall it was nice." Cons: "Not much. It was a quick flight overall." Cons: "Flight was delayed an hour which isnt horrible but then had to sit on the plane an additional hour waiting for take off. I barely made my connecting flight in Calgary. They should have held that plane because i know the elderlt women next to didnt make it. Staff were not attentive enough. Buzzed them servial times and no response." Cons: "Early on first flight on arrival but late departing by 30 mins due to westjet delay of crew" Pros: "Seats had room. Entertainment options were quite good." Cons: "WestJet has lost its Chutzpah. No longer knows it’s identity. Food choices were terrible for a 5.5 hour flight, and the couple of okay choices they were out of very quickly. Crew was friendly enough but no sparkle." Pros: "The trip served its purpose in getting us from point A to B. Good" Pros: "We were happy to be seated in the exit row which gave us additional space. Although it was a direct flight, they offered drinks and snacks twice, when normally when flying I only see then come by once. I noticed Aiden seemed really friendly and kept a smile. Also when dropping off our luggage beforehand was a fairly speedy process." Cons: "Seats don’t lean back." Cons: "Boarding was not enforced by zones. When people line up it is better staff announce zones and force people to not get in line" The TV shows available were way better than other AC flights. Most have only 3 episodes which doesn’t make sense. Flight delayed and baggage claim in Toronto took almost an hour Although the flight was delayed, the crew was nice. It was a smooth trip. The power outlets for the entire row was not working The plane was on time which is a big deal now. I wish they had TV screen on every seat to watch entertainment. It was a great flight did not eat a meal on the plane I was hungry and can't afford the airplane fare they offer. Good thing I now know that if you;re not buying the food you're second class. Cheap warm coffee and no cracker. Pros: "The flight was on time." Cons: "The cabin announcements were rapidly spoken and hard to understand. The seats are too close together. The flight was overheated, stuffy air, too hot." Cons: "Lost my baggage even though I actually watched them transport it to the airplane from the airplane window. Brutal." Cons: "There was no coffee or tea available on the flight" Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. Delta7.9 WestJet Encore7.8 WestJet7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Book cheap flights from Winnipeg to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Winnipeg to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 15/1Mon 1 stopLynx Air 9h 56mYWG-MCO C$ 139 Search 13/12Wed 1 stop 12h 32mYWG-MCO C$ 154 Search 18/1Thu 1 stop 25h 56mYWG-MCO C$ 161 Search 10/12Sun 1 stopLynx Air 9h 56mYWG-MCO C$ 163 Search 7/1Sun directWestJet 3h 55mYWG-MCO C$ 165 Search 9/1Tue 1 stopAir Canada 9h 33mYWG-MCO C$ 170 Search 22/2Thu 2 stopsDelta 10h 55mYWG-MCO C$ 181 Search 7/1Sun 1 stopAir Canada 13h 12mYWG-MCO C$ 185 Search 22/2Thu directWestJet 3h 54mYWG-MCO C$ 280 Search 26/12Tue 2 stopsWestJet Encore 11h 05mYWG-MCO C$ 361 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirWestJetAir CanadaDeltaWestJet Encore Search by priceC$ 150 or lessC$ 160 or lessC$ 170 or lessC$ 190 or lessC$ 360 or less Last minute flights from Winnipeg to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Winnipeg to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 3/12Sun multi-stop 13h 56mYWG-MCO 6/12Wed multi-stop 6h 58mMCO-YWG C$ 308 Search 1/12Fri multi-stop 22h 51mYWG-MCO 8/12Fri direct 4h 16mMCO-YWG C$ 314 Search 3/12Sun multi-stop 13h 56mYWG-MCO 6/12Wed multi-stop 10h 22mMCO-YWG C$ 324 Search 3/12Sun multi-stop 13h 56mYWG-MCO 5/12Tue multi-stop 16h 46mMCO-YWG C$ 333 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopWestJet 23h 22mYWG-MCO 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 10h 55mMCO-YWG C$ 463 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopDelta 15h 01mYWG-MCO 6/12Wed multi-stopDelta 13h 05mMCO-YWG C$ 473 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 16h 00mYWG-MCO 3/12Sun directWestJet 4h 16mMCO-YWG C$ 490 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopDelta 13h 18mYWG-MCO 6/12Wed multi-stopDelta 11h 05mMCO-YWG C$ 570 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopAir Canada 11h 38mYWG-MCO 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 9h 07mMCO-YWG C$ 973 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopAir Canada 13h 12mYWG-MCO 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 10h 47mMCO-YWG C$ 1,009 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetDeltaAir Canada Search by priceC$ 310 or lessC$ 330 or lessC$ 470 or lessC$ 570 or lessC$ 1,010 or less Winnipeg - Orlando Flights Departure: Winnipeg (YWG)Canada Destination: Orlando (MCO)United States Return flight deals: Orlando - Winnipeg Cabin classes: First Class flights to Orlando Business Class flights to Orlando C$ 1,759 Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando C$ 277 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Winnipeg C$ 339Flights from Winnipeg to Orlando Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando Airport C$ 339Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Edmonton Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to Halifax Flights to Victoria Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando from Winnipeg. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Orlando from Winnipeg. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.