Cheap Flights from Newark Airport to Mumbai from $397 | (EWR - BOM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW EWR - BOM Find cheap flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai from $397 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/8. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Mumbai These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Mumbai. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Mumbai. How much is the cheapest flight from Newark to Mumbai?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Newark to Mumbai that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:15 am - 6:05 pmEWR-BOM 20h 20m2 stops 1:30 am - 7:55 amBOM-EWR 15h 55mnonstop $635Air India Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Sat, May 25 11:15 am - 4:50 pmEWR-BOM 19h 05m1 stop 1:30 am - 7:55 amBOM-EWR 15h 55mnonstop $642Air India Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Sat, May 25 12:15 pm - 6:10 pmEWR-BOM 20h 25m2 stops 1:30 am - 7:55 amBOM-EWR 15h 55mnonstop $655Air India Find Deal Mon, Apr 22 - Thu, May 30 12:20 am - 5:10 amEWR-BOM 18h 20m1 stop 6:50 am - 10:35 pmBOM-EWR 26h 15m1 stop $674Turkish Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Mon, Feb 19 12:20 am - 5:10 amEWR-BOM 18h 20m1 stop 6:50 am - 10:35 pmBOM-EWR 26h 15m1 stop $704Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Mon, Jan 29 10:05 pm - 10:25 pmEWR-BOM 37h 50m1 stop 12:50 am - 3:20 pmBOM-EWR 24h 00m2 stops $802SWISS Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Sat, May 25 5:30 pm - 9:40 pmEWR-BOM 42h 40m2 stops 12:50 am - 2:40 pmBOM-EWR 23h 20m2 stops $832SWISS Find Deal Tue, May 7 - Mon, May 13 8:50 pm - 11:55 pmEWR-BOM 16h 35m1 stop 1:35 am - 7:05 pmBOM-EWR 28h 00m1 stop $840Lufthansa Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Mon, Feb 12 6:10 pm - 1:00 amEWR-BOM 20h 20m1 stop 1:35 am - 7:05 pmBOM-EWR 28h 00m1 stop $859Lufthansa Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Mon, Jan 29 4:50 pm - 12:05 amEWR-BOM 20h 45m1 stop 2:10 am - 2:40 pmBOM-EWR 23h 00m1 stop $861Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Wed, Feb 14 Show more results Flights from Newark to Mumbai - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Newark to Mumbai to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai? The average price of all flights from Newark Airport to Mumbai clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Saturday is the most expensive. Flying from Mumbai back to Newark Liberty Airport, the best deals are generally found on Tuesday, with Friday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Newark Airport to Mumbai? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Mumbai, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Newark Airport to Mumbai is September, where tickets cost $771 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,559 and $1,361 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Newark Airport to Mumbai? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Mumbai, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Newark Airport to Mumbai, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 69 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Air India ($439) and Delta ($464). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Air India ($635) and Turkish Airlines ($674). Which airlines fly non-stop between Newark Airport and Mumbai? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Newark Airport to Mumbai. There is just one airline that flies from Newark Airport to Mumbai direct and that is Air India. The best one-way deal found from Air India for the route is $700. How many flights are there between Newark Airport and Mumbai per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Newark Airport and lands in Mumbai, with an average flight time of 14h 20m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 3 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Newark Airport and Mumbai? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai take? A direct flight to Mumbai will take on average 14h 20m to travel the 7,790 miles flying distance from Newark Liberty Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Newark Airport at 11:15 am and will be landing in Mumbai at 12:05 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Newark Airport to Mumbai jets off at 11:15 am and lands at 12:05 pm. Good to know Low season August High season January Cheapest flight $397 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 10% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 12% lower on average. Flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai When to book flights from Newark to Mumbai Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Newark to Mumbai based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai flights Are pets allowed through Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR)? Yes. EWR will accommodate your furry companion. The airport has an impressive eight sanitary pet relief areas. There are five post-security and three pre-security alternatives concentrated in the C courtyard of Terminal C, on the south of Immigration Hall in Terminal B, and near Gate 65, Gate 57, and Gate 131. Note that, the EWR pet policy requires your pet to remain in its kennel unless going through security checkpoints or using the pet relief areas. Does Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) offer parking services? If you will be staying in Mumbai for a while, then take advantage of EWR’s long-term parking facilities at your disposal. The off-site economy lot of EWR offers a secure environment for your vehicle and is about five minutes to the airport’s terminals. What hotels are near Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM)? There are several hotels found near BOM where you can de-stress and relax after your flight from EWR. Niranta Airport Transit Hotel and Lounge strategically situated at Terminal 2 of BOM is an elegant hotel laced with home comforts such as spacious bathrooms and comfy beds. Also, Courtyard by Marriott Mumbai International Airport is 15 minutes away from the airport by shuttles arranged by the property. This luxurious hotel features a spa and an outdoor pool. Does BOM offer accessible services? BOM commits to creating an accessible and inclusive traveling experience for passengers with mobility impairment. The airport has accessible washrooms at Terminal 1 and Terminal 2. The airport has also set aside parking for disabled passengers. In addition, wheelchairs are provided at the check-in counters of every terminal. Is smoking prohibited at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport? At this time, smoking is not prohibited and you can find a minimum of two indoor smoking rooms inside each terminal. They can be accessed by all guests aged 18 and up, and they contain comfortable seating, tables, ashtrays, and trash cans. Smoking is also allowed outside most parts of the airport. Does Chhatrapati Airport have a luggage storage facility? To leave one of your suitcases somewhere, head to the Left Luggage desk that can be found near the baggage claim of each terminal. Items can be stored for up to 90 days, and rates start at 240 INR (approximately 3.50 USD) for bags or items weighing under 7 kilograms. Is there a prayer room in Newark Liberty International Airport? Newark Liberty International Airport has a small chapel that can be found in Terminal C. Travelers of all faiths are welcome to visit it for weekend services or for individual prayer, and it contains religious texts that can be used by the public. Where can I grab a bite to eat at Newark Liberty International Airport? If you’re hungry, make sure to refuel before boarding your flight from Newark to Mumbai. Sandella's Flatbread Grill is a casual restaurant that serves sandwiches and can be found in Terminal B of Newark Liberty International Airport, while Creperie Juliette is in Terminal C and serves French cuisine. The Grove is another restaurant in Terminal C and is a popular take-away option known for its healthy items, such as salads. Do I need a passport to fly between Newark Liberty Airport and Mumbai? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Mumbai from Newark Liberty Airport. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai? American Airlines, British Airways, and Egypt Air offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai? The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Newark Liberty Airport and Mumbai. On which days can I fly direct from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai? You can catch a nonstop flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai on Wednesday, Friday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from Newark to Mumbai, Emirates or SWISS? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Newark to Mumbai are Emirates and SWISS. With an average price for the route of $1,136 and an overall rating of 8.3, Emirates is the most popular choice. SWISS is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,077 and an overall rating of 8.0. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Mumbai from Newark Liberty Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Mumbai with an airline and back to Newark Liberty Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Newark Liberty Airport and BOM can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Mumbai from Newark Liberty Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from EWR to Mumbai Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $651 or less one-way and $1,039 or less round-trip. Roughly 5,821 kg of carbon is released per person on the flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai. One-stop flights to Mumbai are more sustainable than double-stop flights on this route. Sustainable airlines plying this route are British Airways and American Airlines with both of them producing 39% less carbon. To serve the interest of families towing with their toddlers on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Mumbai, EWR hosts nursing suites in Terminals A, B, and C. In addition to family restrooms in Terminal B and C, there is a quiet room close to the British Airways Ticket Counter pre-security. Older kids can ride the free AirTrain which operates from Terminals A to C. If you want a stress-free trip, with access to hotels, transportation, meals, and other miscellaneous charges, then exchange your US dollars for Indian rupees at the currency exchange offices in EWR. These offices are at Gate 120 of Terminal C, Terminal B near the Air Train Entrance, and Terminal A in the main concourse. Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport (BOM) is a business traveler’s paradise. The airport has a business center in Terminal 2 with elegant and spacious meeting rooms as well as business facilities for your corporate needs. If you have a penchant for architecture, art, and culture, spare some time and visit the Jaya He Museum in BOM. The museum is a treasure mine of over 500 displays showcasing the rich heritage, art, and culture of both contemporary and ancient India and it will instantly uplift the somberness typical of airports. It Is located at Terminal 2. Because the two locations are so far from one another, it is not always possible to find nonstop flights from Newark to Mumbai. If you wish to avoid having one or two layovers, book your trip with either United Airlines or Air Canada, as each of these companies offers a large selection of flights. If you’re traveling with little ones, there are several amenities that you can take advantage of in Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport (BOM). In addition to having stroller rentals at every information desk, there are also Child Care Rooms placed in each terminal as well as a jungle-themed play room in Terminal 2. To freshen up after being cooped up on a plane all day, purchase a ticket for the Aviserv Lounge in Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport. This lounge has several private showers and provides guests with towels, toiletries, hair dryers, and small dressing rooms. For travelers who would like to quietly relax before beginning their day of travels, go to the Relax & Recharge area in Terminal 3 of Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR). This soundproofed room is filled with comfortable chairs, several televisions, and large windows that overlook one of the airport’s tarmacs. If you enjoy shopping, make sure to browse through the different boutiques in Newark Liberty International Airport. Creative Kidstuff is located in Terminal A and sells a variety of children’s toys, while Voyage is in the B1 Rotunda and sells travel essentials, including carry-on suitcases and portable chargers. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Newark to Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Newark to Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Newark to Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl Search Flights Wednesday Air India Air India Friday Air India Air India Sunday Air India Air India See more direct flights Nonstop returns Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Intl to Newark Search Flights Wednesday Air India Air India Friday Air India Air India Sunday Air India Air India See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Newark to Mumbai See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Newark to Mumbai. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Newark to Mumbai? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 EmiratesOverall score based on 15746 reviews 82comfort 83overall 83boarding 85entertainment 80food 84crew Airline reviews Pros: "Plane was modern and more comfortable than most" Cons: "I do understand that it was an overnight flight but the crew came around only during meals and at no other time did they check on us. I hit the call button and nobody came - call button just went off. I was in the middle next to a sleeping passenger and could not get up."Read more about Emirates Pros: "Plane was modern and more comfortable than most" Cons: "I do understand that it was an overnight flight but the crew came around only during meals and at no other time did they check on us. I hit the call button and nobody came - call button just went off. I was in the middle next to a sleeping passenger and could not get up." Cons: "They ran out of non-vegetarian meals, which is not acceptable. The seats were rather narrow" Pros: "The crew was great and the dinner was really good!" Cons: "Breakfast could have been better and the seat was pretty uncomfortable" Pros: "The crew was fantastic. The food was good for airline food." Cons: "The seats were narrow and seemed a bit smaller than usual." Pros: "They were very courteous and provided us with a solution with an overweight luggage so that we wouldn’t pay the extra fees. Flight was very smooth on the 777. Best flight ever." Cons: "Nothing negative about this flight." Pros: "Neat and clean. People at Newark airport" Cons: "Service of air host. Attitude of people at Dubai airport" Pros: "Crew was fantastic!! Definitely will travel with Emirates again!!" Cons: "Seats a bit uncomfortable but I know nothing can be done about that, so everything else was great." Pros: "Punctual on Time. Clean Cabin. Nice Crew" Cons: "They should be little flexible in timing for serving Dinner, as it happened, they served Dinner as soon as the Seat belt sign was switched off, at that time it was 4 pm local time. Since we were not ready for Dinner we suggested to bring it after an hour, which they declined stating that once they take back the trays it can not be served again." Pros: "The cabin, the variety of beverages and the time of the trip" Cons: "Perhaps the strange breakfast and the TVs quality" Cons: "We landed in Dubabi from Athens a bit late. We were taken by a bus from the plane to the terminal which took 15 minutes. That lefte us about 30 mins before the gate closed From where we were dropped off we walked for about 15 minutes but were nowhere near our gate. We asked Emirates employees to give us a ride in the golf cars. But they all refused, until one had pity on us and gave us a ride. We reached the gate a couple of minutes before the gate closed. When we arrive in Kolkata we were told that out luggage hadn't arrived. They reached our luggage to our Kolkata home a 11:30 pm. What a nightmare. Never again on Emirates." Qatar said few times that the luggage will be at the final destination but they were wrong. Please check where your port of entry is at the destination. This is where the luggage would be. The food was terrible. We were stranded in bus for 10 min waiting for baording..Specially when you are traveling with kids and long previous flight. Flight has no information regarding time to destination. Wish to have screen for international travels. The screen was not clean.It had stains of previous customer .Also the toilets..My daughter got urine infection. Not happy with the cleanliness of aircraft.Also requested multiple time hot beverages but not served at all sighting disturbances. Request on behalf of every passenger please sanitize and clean as we stay for 15 plus hours.. Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Keeping flights and terminals accurate and on time. Not loosing thousands of dollars of my belongings they lost my luggage" Pros: "Gate agent gave us extra legroom after our trip to Australia in the crying baby section. No one's fault, but a difficult 14 hour flight. Thank you again for your kindness." Pros: "Great crew, great customer service by phone, great food and entertainment." Cons: "Boarding and deplaning took ages, but don't they always?" Pros: "Flight attendants were excellent, food service very good. If the service is so good in economy, I can't imagine how nice it would be to fly in business class. I would fly Qatar Airlines all the time if the price is right." Cons: "Economy row seats don't give you enough space for your legs between rows, but this is a systemic problem among airlines. You have to live with it or move up to business class." Pros: "The Q-suite is exceptionally comfortable and the door really does make a difference. I usually have difficulty sleeping but the isolation from aisle traffic and ambient noise reduction was enough to allow some very good sleep. Staff experience was also exceptional - friendly and highly competent, looking to go the extra mile. Food was great and full menu available upon request." Cons: "I did not find a gap" Pros: "Entertainment and food is always great with Qatar!" Cons: "After I got in my seat an Islamic lady came and said that I was in her seat. I looked at her ticket and while it was the right seat number, she was on the wrong flight. I got a stewardess to help her. She had gone through 3 boarding pass checks and was still on the wrong flight. They let her fly!" Cons: "I wish to have little more room on seat for long flight." Not exceptional but all good. Business class seats are like the domestic Mint class on Jet Blue. Comfortable but not exceptional. Food is good but not superb. Flight attendants were better on India leg than Miami to Zurich. All India staff was more professional and service oriented. Very polite and service with a smile. Pros: "Amazing - they had a full dinner for a 9:55pm flight, with real silverware, complementary alcohol, for economy passengers! Crew extremely professional and efficient." Pros: "Crew was very nice and attentive" Cons: "Leg room on my first flight (longest leg of the trip) was not much and when the person in front of me leaned their chair back, my knees were touching the chair." Pros: "The crew was great! The entertainment was pretty good too." Cons: "The cabin was WAY too warm." Pros: "Food was good. Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Seats were extremely cramped. Once the person in the front reclined their seat it was very difficult to get out of the seat. Also better guidance is needed during boarding. Finally, my hand carry was checked 4 times by 4 different people, which means your staff doesn’t trust their own colleagues." Pros: "Check in agent was extremely helpful in expediting both me and my bags after a late check-in. Flight attendants very friendly and helpful, food excellent. If Swiss Air flew everywhere I need to go, I would fly them every time!" Cons: "Despite listing items desired for breakfast per seat assignment, flight attendant still got it wrong." Pros: "A very friendly and attentive crew and a decent meal. Comfort is still iffy in coach but better than most American airlines. Good selection of movies to pass the time." Cons: "Seats in coach are cramped and some have an electrical box under the seat in front of you, so there is no room for your legs or carry on bag. Bathrooms keep getting smaller to jam in more seats." Pros: "The movies were good, the food was good. Servers were kind and helpful. Clean and overall positive flight." Cons: "Several delays and gate changes." Cons: "The way the movies, needed extra parts. No touch screen" One of the flight attendants named Crystal was so happy, always had a smile for everyone, it was such a change from the stoic attendants I’m used to in the past. Thank you Crystal Pros: "The flight from EWR to MSP was extremely quiet. No loud engine noises." Cons: "We were vert disappointed at the Newark Airport - the Delta Club was closed and there had been no notification prior to arriving at the airport. I certainly missed that early morning coffee." Cons: "They were delayed. They wouldn't let us keep our checked sized bags which slowed us down even more. Our next flight left without us while we were waiting for a gate to open so we could get off the plane. There were no more flights so we had to fly to an alternate city and rent a car to get home." Cons: "An officious crew who said they had a 'seat belt detector' to tell if people's seatbelts were fastened. A late flight... with lies about the reason for the delay." Cons: "Issues with connecting flights so had to sit in different place, seat was broken" Pros: "Flight attendants were great! We had rough weather for the entire flight, and they handled everything great" Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Crew was excellent, pilots informative, and a very smooth and on time departure and arrival!" Cons: "Sitting in the last row where my seat didn’t recline and it was loud and no window. It was claustrophobic!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Nothing worked. Charging station. Tv. They charge for everything. Customer service is poor. I get Way more for my money flying a budget airline!" Pros: "Landed safely." Cons: "Late departure. Almost missed connection. Even though we planned a decent amount of time between flights. Always something causing delays when we leave from Newark." Pros: "Cheap price" Cons: "no vegetarian food in flight, the layover for connecting flight was not sufficient," 35 minutes before the flight was about to land on Mumbai, I wanted to use the restroom. The flight attendant rudely shouted that I cannot use. I guess Turkish Airlines doesn't care about the customers, once they get the money. Business class seats were not comfortable. I have traveled with Turkish Airlines several times and it’s always late. My suitcase was lost. I was in another country and I had to find my way to go back to airport and get my suitcase since it arrived next day after my flight. Really disappointed. Cons: "They made me check my hand luggage, did not pay attention to what airline I would get on my connection flight, neither got my warnings about it. They sent my bag directly to my destination but the other airline wouldn't pick up." Pros: "food is really bad, people are not taking social distancing seriously" Pros: "Crew was helpful and pleasent" Cons: "Flight from Istanbul to Mumbai was not that great. Leg space was not that great. Food overall was pretty same across the 3 meals. Expect more variety which I have seen on other airlines like Emirates and Etihad." Pros: "The crew was great and the flight was smooth. The food was also good." Cons: "The passenger next to me in the middle was hitting his arm rest on my leg and made my flight uncomfortable because he would not sit still. I think crew needs to do a better job of making sure everyone stays seated when the plane is still moving before jumping out of their seats and grabbing their luggage. Passengers should be able to exit out of more than one door same as entering." Pros: "Leg room" Cons: "I was served Butter chicken after confirming with the flight attendant whether it was an ASIAN VEG MEAL which I had requested. On being confronted about the issue, the flight attendant gave a cold response saying they were out of asian veg meals. One of the worse airlines and should not be a part of Star Alliance." Pros: "Nice plane , nice crew. Ok food , not as good as Sfo to Ist ." Cons: "We left delayed as it seemed they were waiting for someone. Older 777 wich shows wear." Cons: "Too warm, chaotic boarding, not enough baggage space, airline couldn’t upgrade me at the gate with miles." Cons: "I sent my old grandparents trusted them to take care of them but they were treated very badly and had a horrible trip" Emirates8.3 Qatar Airways8.2 SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 Book cheap flights from Newark to Mumbai Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Newark to Mumbai found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/8Thu 3 stops 38h 55mEWR-BOM $397 Search 1/22Mon 3 stops 44h 55mEWR-BOM $398 Search 2/21Wed nonstopAir India 14h 20mEWR-BOM $439 Search 2/13Tue 1 stopAir India 37h 10mEWR-BOM $441 Search 3/20Wed 1 stopLufthansa 16h 35mEWR-BOM $488 Search 1/18Thu 1 stopSWISS 17h 05mEWR-BOM $495 Search 1/17Wed 2 stopsSWISS 40h 40mEWR-BOM $507 Search 1/28Sun 2 stopsLufthansa 19h 15mEWR-BOM $509 Search 1/14Sun 2 stopsEmirates 22h 10mEWR-BOM $803 Search 1/16Tue 2 stopsEmirates 34h 20mEWR-BOM $806 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir IndiaLufthansaSWISSEmirates Search by price$400 or less$440 or less$500 or less$510 or less$810 or less Last minute flights from Newark to Mumbai Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Newark to Mumbai that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stop 27h 50mEWR-BOM 1/31Wed multi-stop 25h 54mBOM-EWR $1,028 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopSWISS 37h 50mEWR-BOM 12/7Thu multi-stopSWISS 29h 30mBOM-EWR $1,077 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopTurkish Airlines 17h 50mEWR-BOM 1/23Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 26h 15mBOM-EWR $1,155 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopTurkish Airlines 17h 50mEWR-BOM 1/31Wed multi-stopTurkish Airlines 26h 15mBOM-EWR $1,159 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopEmirates 40h 00mEWR-BOM 1/19Fri multi-stopEmirates 40h 10mBOM-EWR $1,284 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAir India 19h 05mEWR-BOM 12/10Sun multi-stopAir India 39h 55mBOM-EWR $1,295 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAir India 24h 40mEWR-BOM 12/11Mon multi-stopAir India 33h 25mBOM-EWR $1,296 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopEmirates 40h 00mEWR-BOM 12/18Mon multi-stopEmirates 27h 25mBOM-EWR $1,324 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 16h 45mEWR-BOM 12/10Sun multi-stopLufthansa 45h 15mBOM-EWR $1,380 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopLufthansa 41h 50mEWR-BOM 12/10Sun multi-stopLufthansa 45h 15mBOM-EWR $1,419 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSWISSTurkish AirlinesEmiratesAir IndiaLufthansa Search by price$1,080 or less$1,160 or less$1,300 or less$1,320 or less$1,420 or less Newark Liberty Airport - Mumbai Flights Departure: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Destination: Mumbai (BOM)India Return flight deals: Mumbai - Newark Liberty Airport Cabin classes: $2,798 First Class flights to Mumbai $2,810 Business Class flights to Mumbai $2,698 Prem Econ Class flights to Mumbai $823 Economy Class flights to Mumbai Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport $671Flights from Newark Airport to Mumbai Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » Mumbai $671Flights to Mumbai, Mumbai Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Mumbai flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Mumbai from Newark Liberty Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Mumbai from Newark Liberty Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.