Cheap Flights from Halifax to Montreal from C$ 166 | (YHZ - YUL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YHZ - YUL Find cheap flights from Halifax to Montreal from C$ 166 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 27/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Montreal These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Halifax to Montreal, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Halifax to Montreal, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Halifax to Montreal?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Halifax to Montreal that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:30 p.m. - 5:17 p.m.YHZ-YUL 1h 47mdirect 11:00 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.YUL-YHZ 3h 30m1 stop C$ 239Air Canada Find Deal Sun, 28 Jan - Thu, 29 Feb 10:30 a.m. - 1:18 p.m.YHZ-YUL 3h 48m1 stop 7:55 a.m. - 10:31 a.m.YUL-YHZ 1h 36mdirect C$ 240Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 24 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 7:00 a.m. - 11:16 a.m.YHZ-YUL 5h 16m1 stop 7:55 a.m. - 10:31 a.m.YUL-YHZ 1h 36mdirect C$ 246Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Sun, 21 Jan 5:00 a.m. - 10:20 a.m.YHZ-YUL 6h 20m1 stop 8:10 a.m. - 3:27 p.m.YUL-YHZ 6h 17m1 stop C$ 252Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Sun, 21 Jan 9:00 a.m. - 10:09 a.m.YHZ-YUL 2h 09mdirect 12:25 p.m. - 8:05 p.m.YUL-YHZ 6h 40m1 stop C$ 262Porter Airlines Find Deal Sun, 11 Feb - Sun, 18 Feb 3:55 p.m. - 10:10 p.m.YHZ-YUL 7h 15m2 stops 12:25 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.YUL-YHZ 6h 35m1 stop C$ 263Porter Airlines Find Deal Sun, 21 Jan - Tue, 23 Jan 6:15 a.m. - 7:10 a.m.YHZ-YUL 1h 55mdirect 7:55 a.m. - 10:31 a.m.YUL-YHZ 1h 36mdirect C$ 264Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Sun, 14 Jan 5:05 p.m. - 10:10 p.m.YHZ-YUL 6h 05m2 stops 7:00 a.m. - 1:30 p.m.YUL-YHZ 5h 30m1 stop C$ 268Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Tue, 16 Jan 5:05 p.m. - 10:10 p.m.YHZ-YUL 6h 05m2 stops 7:00 a.m. - 1:30 p.m.YUL-YHZ 5h 30m1 stop C$ 269Porter Airlines Find Deal Wed, 24 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan 5:10 p.m. - 10:10 p.m.YHZ-YUL 6h 00m2 stops 2:25 p.m. - 5:05 p.m.YUL-YHZ 1h 40mdirect C$ 372 Find Deal Thu, 9 May - Sat, 11 May Show more results Flights from Halifax to Montreal - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Halifax to Montreal to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Halifax to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Halifax to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Halifax to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is October, where tickets cost C$ 276 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are August and November, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 430 and C$ 418 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Halifax to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Halifax to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Halifax to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, you should book around 3 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 85 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Halifax to Montreal? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Porter Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at C$ 166. KAYAK users also found Halifax to Montreal round-trip flights on Air Canada from C$ 324 and on Porter Airlines from C$ 356. Which airlines fly direct between Halifax and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Halifax to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Halifax to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport. They are Air Canada and Porter Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is Air Canada, with the best deal found costing C$ 175. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air Canada. How many flights are there between Halifax and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 6 nonstop flights that take off from Halifax and land in Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 55m. The most common departure time is 9:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 33 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Halifax and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Halifax to Montreal take? The average direct flight takes 1h 45m, covering a distance of 1,294 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Halifax to Montreal? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Halifax at 5:35 am and will be landing in Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport at 6:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from Halifax to Montreal? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Halifax to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport jets off at 9:40 pm and lands at 10:36 pm. Good to know Low season January High season November Cheapest flight C$ 166 Best time to beat the crowds (7% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (20% more expensive on average) Flight from Halifax to Montreal When to book flights from Halifax to Montreal Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Halifax to Montreal based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Halifax to Montreal flights Does Halifax International Airport offer accessible services? Halifax International Airport is committed to providing high service to all passengers, including those with special needs. There are wheelchair-accessible restrooms, shuttles, reduced check-in desks, and respite spaces for service animals. The airport also offers an assistance program for special-needs passengers, which can assist with everything from check-in to boarding the plane. Are there hotels at Montreal-Trudeau Airport? Several hotels within the airport can accommodate your needs, whether you are looking for a place to stay for a layover or an extended period. The Hilton Montreal Airport Hotel is located on the grounds of the airport and offers a free shuttle service to and from the airport. Also, Fairmont Queen Elizabeth Hotel, as well as Delta Hotels by Marriott Montreal Airport, are within walking distance from both Terminals A and B. You can also try Ramada Inn or Holiday Inn Express. Which transport options are available at Montreal-Trudeau Airport? There are a few transport options available from Montreal-Trudeau Airport to downtown Montreal. The airport is served by the 747-bus accessible from both terminals, which runs 24 hours a day. Tickets can be bought on board the bus or in advance from ticket machines at the airport. Trains are also an option for getting from the airport to downtown Montreal. If you prefer to take a taxi or shuttle, there are plenty of private transport options accessible from Terminal B. Are there car rental services at Montreal-Trudeau Airport? Yes. Several car rental businesses, including Avis, National, and Enterprise, are available at the airport and ground level for those who want to explore the city at their own pace. These car rental businesses provide 24-hour shuttle services near the airport terminals; reservations for car rentals may also be made before your arrival over the phone or online. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Halifax to Montreal? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Halifax to Montreal flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Halifax to Montreal? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Halifax to Montreal flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Halifax to Montreal? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Halifax and Montreal. On which days can I fly direct from Halifax to Montreal? There are direct flights from Halifax to Montreal on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Halifax to Montreal, Porter Airlines or Air Transat? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Halifax to Montreal are Porter Airlines and Air Transat. With an average price for the route of C$ 425 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. Air Transat is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 315 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Halifax to Montreal? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Halifax to Montreal. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Halifax to Montreal? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Montreal from Halifax is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Halifax to Montreal? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Montreal with an airline and back to Halifax with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Halifax to Montreal? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Montreal from Halifax up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Halifax to Montreal Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 227 or less one-way and C$ 511 or less round-trip. The Montreal-Trudeau Airport (YUL) offers a variety of pet amenities to make travelling with your furry friend as easy and stress-free as possible. From designated pet relief areas located on the Arrivals level in Terminals A and B with waste bags and disposal bins to an on-site pet daycare, there are plenty of options to keep your pet happy and comfortable after arrival. For those travelling with their kids, Montreal-Trudeau Airport has a dedicated area for young families, including a children's play area, interactive exhibits, and a family restroom. There are flights with the Young Eagles Program, an arcade gaming room, and a play space with slides and tunnels at the airport. Montreal-Trudeau Airport provides luggage storage services in Terminals A and B for passengers who need to store their bags. Rates for the facility are available daily, weekly, as well as monthly. If you have time to kill before your long flight to Montreal, there are also a few museums and art galleries at Halifax International Airport (YHZ) for you to enjoy. Located on the terminal main level terminal, between Starbucks and the food court. The nursing rooms at Halifax International Airport are an excellent resource for all moms. They provide a clean, quiet, and private space for nursing or pumping and are equipped with ambient lighting, changing tables, and sinks. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Halifax Intl to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Halifax Intl to Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Halifax Intl to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +5 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Halifax Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +5 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +6 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +7 more 5 6 Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Austrian Airlines, +4 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +5 more 3 4 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Halifax to Montreal See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Halifax to Montreal. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Halifax to Montreal? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 70entertainment 71food 84crew 80overall 81boarding 77comfort Airline reviews Pros: "Crew were fairly attentive, have experienced better. Liked the Canadian entertainment options, even if very limited." Cons: "Seats were okay, the plane is really showing it's age. Movie selection was very limited, and very dated."Read more about WestJet Pros: "Crew were fairly attentive, have experienced better. Liked the Canadian entertainment options, even if very limited." Cons: "Seats were okay, the plane is really showing it's age. Movie selection was very limited, and very dated." Cons: "Because of Boeing disaster did not go to Halifax but were sent by Westjet to TO and then on with Air France. Boarding areas in TO are a long way away (lot of walking) and customs in TO is frustrating and takes a long time." Cons: "My other WestJet flights let me have access to wifi via the WestJet app and the entertainment console. I was disappointed to not have access on this flight." Pros: "The plane was nice and quiet, and the crew was lovely." Cons: "It was so cold!!" Pros: "Consistencies on bagage claim info, and changes in boarding gates." Cons: "Inconsistencies, on my way back to montreal from the philippines, i was informed that baggage would be claimed directly to final port of destination but didnt, when i arrived at toronto i had to take my bagage and drop it off again, although my next flight would be with west jet airlines, korean air was not able to communicate well with their airline partners as to bagage claim and changes in boarding gates." Pros: "The air hostess were very nice and dis their job well. I complained about the baording lady who got us boarded on to flight and they apologized. They saw the whole incident when the lady came on the flight but they did know know her name when I asked later. That served well with smiles and jokes" Cons: "I went on the flight running through security to make it on time for my flight. Unfortunately security was too long and took a while. I forgot my hand luggage when I grabbed my other bag. I tempted to go out and get it after I boarded. She spoked high toned voice instructing me to go back on flight. I went back and i did... she brought my bag from security I was grateful until she spoked loud in the mid section of the plane to me sarcastically and rudely "so you left a whole bag" and walked out after placing it up. I was sitting way back and people saw it all. I felt she embarrassed and very bad and i think customers should got be treated that way." Pros: "Very low ticket prices, everything went smoothly (no delays), lots of leg room!" Pros: "The flight was on time." Cons: "That I had to pay $30 for one checked bag, would have thought the first one was free!" Pros: "All was on time so did not have to deal with Kayak with any problems" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Great flight, quick, efficient, good service & on time." Cons: "In flight entertainment was unavailable- solely GPS map was accessible on in flight entertainment." Cons: "After boarding had to deplane and go on another aircraft." Pros: "The crew was great and friendly." Cons: "Nothing, I think for the flight duration it was good." Cons: "I booked this flight on Kayak. No mention at booking that this airlines has a ludicrous policy of charging $50 for a carry on bag!....wow!...last flight ever on Porter." Pros: "Crew was awesome." Cons: "My seat was a bit grubby...food remnants on the seat" Pros: "The snacks were great and crew was friendly!" Cons: "My seat was covered in crumbs, cleanliness overall could have been better." Pros: "I appreciated how the staff took me in a wheet-chair all the way to the customs and waited with me while they checked me out. they were courteous, kind and genuine.Very refreshing in this day and age. God Bless all the staff at Porter Air Lines. thank you so very very much, Barbara Ann MacMahon-Firestone, Toronto,Ontario." Cons: "Damaged my fragile marked checked item. Would not compensate for the damage." Cons: "it was the last connecting flight and it was cancelled." Pros: "Good in flight service" Cons: "Flights delayed both ways. Anything from an hour to five hours. Very inconvenient." Pros: "- Staff/crew are exceedingly pleasant, although not necessarily 100% helpful - Free beer and great snack options onboard are a nice departure (see what I did there??) from the usual in-flight experience. - When they significantly messed up my entire first day of travel, without complaint they sent me a voucher for future travel." Cons: "- My first flight was delayed and I wasn't notified until an hour beforehand (even though the flight was delayed due to an incoming flight they knew well ahead of an hour beforehand would not be there). I could have arrived at the airport later and paid less for my parking. - I was told by a gate agent I would still make my very tight connection (spoiler alert - I did not), so I did not ask to be rebooked on a later connection immediately. - Once it became clear I would likely miss my connection due to being delayed after boarding, I asked again about it, this time of a flight attendant. I was told there were 23 daily flights a day to my connecting city (there are not) and it would be fine. We sat on the tarmac for 30 minutes after landing waiting for a gate and the last hope of making that connection was gone. - Upon arrival in Toronto it turns out my connecting flight was cancelled and everyone had to be rebooked. The very pleasant customer service rep told me not to worry! They automatically rebook everyone and I've been scheduled to leave 10 flights later - the following morning. At 12:45 p.m. their best solution was a flight at 8:30 the next morning (later canceled). When I calmly explained that was not ideal, I was immediately given the "last seat out today" on a 9:30 flight (later delayed then canceled). I'm not sure who they were saving that for, but it is unacceptable to rebook people for the next day when they have free seats. I was resigned to spending 9 hours in the terminal (literally just a room with a few snacks) because I was also on standby for every flight until then, and fortunately after checking in again 5 hours later, I was handed a ticket for the flight leaving in 15 minutes. If I had followed Porter's original plan, I have no idea when I would have made it, as I already mentioned both of those other flights were later canceled and I've already gone over how Porter rebooks passengers. - I found out after I spent $20 Canadian on a sandwich and chips via the Porter website that they are supposed to give meal vouchers in a significant delay, but I was not offered one. - On the way back, I saw myself being set up for the same rigmarole. My first flight was delayed more than a half hour, leaving me with a very tight connection. Thankfully, I arrived at the airport earlier and was able to catch an earlier flight because as it turns out, the connecting flight I would have missed due to the delay ended up being canceled. I can only imagine what the rebooking process would have been, so I am glad Porter is accommodating about switching flights. I imagine they do so to save them the rebooking later, but still, it is not something all airlines will do. - Both flights out to Montreal were incredibly hot. I tend to run cold and I was sweating. The flights home on a warmer day were fine, so I'm not sure what was going on there." Cons: "There was a delay of 4 hours to board from Montreal to Paris. with not any justification or valuable reason from the crew." Pros: "The crew on the actual flight was excellent." Cons: "The staff at the Toronto airport was rude The baggage policy was unclear and they had trouble answering our questions. We could have saved a good amount of money if the baggage policy was more clear and the staff could explain it. Using the term "Economy" for all flight categories is not helpful." Pros: "We were upgraded to premium economy for free at check-in. The crew was very kind" Cons: "We did not enjoy the entertaining system as the headphones were not complementary. The food was quite okay but quantity was sparce and no cheese provided. Also service was slow. Drinks were served 10 minutes after meal ☹️" Pros: "Crew is nice." Cons: "Had to wait 15 mins because our gate was in use. Seats are old and hard." Cons: "Travelled from Toronto,CA to Lyon, FR and wasn't pleased with service, food, no coffee available plus drinks were limited. And on top of that when I arrived in Lyon, my baggage wasn't delivered from Toronto (was told at baggage claim desk). I paid $70 dollars for something that didn't get delivered." Pros: "Old plane so seat pitch was good" Cons: "Maintenance issues meant a 2 hour delay where we stayed on the plane" Pros: "Clean modern plane. Nice crew." Cons: "Seats were far too narrow. Couldn't sit back without overlapping shoulders." Cons: "No entertainment, staff rude... i do not recommend flying with air transat to Puerto Rico" Pros: "The pilot was honest and concerned with the safety of the aircraft. That was most appreciated." Cons: "Flight was 3 hours late. There was no liquor or even a small snack provided. Minimum service by the flight crew. Most disappointed!" Cons: "Seats are smaller than other airlines, terrible experience. I felt I was being squeezed the whole time" Aircraft was delayed in its arrival for the flight and was delayed from Halifax to Montreal. Our Air Canada flight 8569 from Montreal to Atlanta on August 26, 7:30 pm, was cancelled due to mechanical problems. AC customer service rep at the Montreal airport wanted to put us on two more AC flights, Montreal to Toronto, then Toronto to ATL, for the following day. We asked for the 7 am next morning non-stop Delta flight from Montreal to ATL, and got it. Air Canada put us up in a hotel in Montreal for the evening. Next time, we'll spend the extra $$ to take Delta. Air Canada books those flights absolutely solid and cancels a lot of flights. Our connecting flight was delayed and missed so we spent another night in Montreal at our own expense. We were then given tickets with an extra stop in Toronto, so my luggage never made it to Detroit. They have no office in Detroit, so her I am a week out with no luggage and no one answers the phone at Air Canada. Now I know why everyone has so much carry on. Flight was fine. Web site and airport rebooking for both a delay in my schedule and then a delay in AC's flight were beyond tolerable. Full flight boarded in an orderly manner and left on time. The US Customs/immigration step at Montreal creates a mess. Your checked bag must be xrayed and cleared to enter "U.S soil" (which is still in Canada) which makes for huge delays, confusion and mishandling of bags. My carry-on, which I checked at the gate at Air Canada's request, never got cleared. So I arrived in Atlanta where my bag was not at baggage claim. Nor was there an agent to make a claim to, and it was not even 5 p.m. I had to go all the way up to the Air Canada check in desk in the International Terminal to try to find an employee to whom I could report the missing bag. An agent for AC had to be called to respond, there was no one at their check in desk. The person who finally did talk to me made ME send a photo of my baggage ticket and boarding pass to his supposed phone number, which he said he would use to start a claim. This never happened, I got no confirmation that a trace had been started and I had to call AC the next day. Cons: "Air Canada needs to update it's entertainment systems. On flights to and from my destination both the audio jack and screen were broken. Also, the flight did not receive any salads, leaving this vegan with slim pickings. Get it together, Air Canada!" Pros: "Boarding was good and fast" Cons: "The audio jack was not good thus I had to keep it steady with my hand to be able to listen to movie" Pros: "Got the seats I wanted, movies were good. Staff was friendly" Cons: "In Montreal they took my carry on bag stating it was too big, I have traveled with it many many times and it always fits except the tiny planes, this was a 787. When I got on the plane many people had larger bags then mine and it was the last bag on the carousel at the other end." Pros: "No food , no entertainment options ." Cons: "Have the option to purchase food on a 5 hour flight ." Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Transat7.2 Air Canada7.1 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Halifax to Montreal Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Halifax to Montreal found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 27/2Tue 1 stopPorter Airlines 7h 45mYHZ-YUL C$ 122 Search 28/2Wed directPorter Airlines 2h 09mYHZ-YUL C$ 123 Search 28/1Sun directPorter Airlines 2h 09mYHZ-YUL C$ 126 Search 24/12Sun directAir Canada 2h 11mYHZ-YUL C$ 127 Search 24/12Sun 1 stopAir Canada 6h 20mYHZ-YUL C$ 133 Search 4/12Mon directAir Transat 2h 09mYHZ-YUL C$ 202 Search 3/12Sun directAir Transat 2h 09mYHZ-YUL C$ 203 Search 9/12Sat 3 stops 25h 24mYHZ-YUL C$ 233 Search 4/12Mon 2 stops 30h 14mYHZ-YUL C$ 250 Search 9/12Sat 2 stopsFlair Airlines 18h 15mYHZ-YUL C$ 343 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaAir TransatFlair Airlines Search by priceC$ 120 or lessC$ 130 or lessC$ 200 or lessC$ 230 or lessC$ 340 or less Last minute flights from Halifax to Montreal Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Halifax to Montreal that are departing in the next 10 days. 3/12Sun direct 2h 09mYHZ-YUL 8/12Fri direct 1h 40mYUL-YHZ C$ 475 Search 4/12Mon direct 2h 09mYHZ-YUL 8/12Fri direct 1h 40mYUL-YHZ C$ 494 Search 4/12Mon direct 2h 09mYHZ-YUL 8/12Fri multi-stop 6h 35mYUL-YHZ C$ 526 Search 4/12Mon multi-stop 27h 44mYHZ-YUL 8/12Fri multi-stop 33h 35mYUL-YHZ C$ 533 Search 3/12Sun multi-stop 30h 14mYHZ-YUL 8/12Fri multi-stop 33h 35mYUL-YHZ C$ 537 Search 4/12Mon multi-stop 27h 44mYHZ-YUL 8/12Fri direct 1h 40mYUL-YHZ C$ 561 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopPorter Airlines 6h 00mYHZ-YUL 8/12Fri multi-stopPorter Airlines 6h 30mYUL-YHZ C$ 563 Search 1/12Fri directPorter Airlines 2h 09mYHZ-YUL 2/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 41mYUL-YHZ C$ 671 Search 1/12Fri directAir Canada 1h 56mYHZ-YUL 2/12Sat directAir Canada 1h 36mYUL-YHZ C$ 747 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 18h 37mYHZ-YUL 2/12Sat multi-stopWestJet 16h 57mYUL-YHZ C$ 1,401 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaWestJet Search by priceC$ 490 or lessC$ 530 or lessC$ 560 or lessC$ 670 or lessC$ 1,400 or less Halifax - Montreal Flights Departure: Halifax (YHZ)Canada Destination: Montreal (YUL)Canada Return flight deals: Montreal - Halifax Cabin classes: First Class flights to Montreal C$ 1,504 Business Class flights to Montreal C$ 1,314 Prem Econ Class flights to Montreal C$ 251 Economy Class flights to Montreal Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Nova Scotia » Halifax C$ 214Flights from Halifax to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 214Flights to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, Montreal Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Ottawa Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Edmonton Flights to St. John's Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Québec City Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Montreal flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Montreal from Halifax. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Montreal from Halifax. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.