Cheap Flights from Philadelphia to Miami from $26 | (PHL - MIA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW PHL - MIA Find cheap flights from Philadelphia to Miami from $26 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Miami These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Philadelphia to Miami. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Philadelphia to Miami. How much is the cheapest flight from Philadelphia to Miami?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Philadelphia to Miami that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:35 am - 10:32 amPHL-MIA 2h 57mnonstop 9:34 pm - 12:25 amMIA-PHL 2h 51mnonstop $40Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Thu, Feb 1 7:40 am - 10:37 amPHL-MIA 2h 57mnonstop 9:34 pm - 12:25 amMIA-PHL 2h 51mnonstop $41Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Thu, Feb 1 7:25 am - 10:22 amPHL-MIA 2h 57mnonstop 9:34 pm - 12:25 amMIA-PHL 2h 51mnonstop $42Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sat, Jan 13 7:25 am - 10:22 amPHL-MIA 2h 57mnonstop 9:38 pm - 12:32 amMIA-PHL 2h 54mnonstop $47Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 20 7:35 am - 10:32 amPHL-MIA 2h 57mnonstop 9:34 pm - 12:25 amMIA-PHL 2h 51mnonstop $48Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Thu, Jan 18 7:35 am - 10:32 amPHL-MIA 2h 57mnonstop 4:56 pm - 7:51 pmMIA-PHL 2h 55mnonstop $53 Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Tue, Feb 6 6:30 am - 9:22 amPHL-MIA 2h 52mnonstop 9:42 pm - 12:43 amMIA-PHL 3h 01mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Tue, Dec 12 6:15 am - 9:07 amPHL-MIA 2h 52mnonstop 9:38 pm - 12:32 amMIA-PHL 2h 54mnonstop $60 Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Thu, Dec 21 2:14 pm - 5:10 pmPHL-MIA 2h 56mnonstop 9:41 pm - 12:39 amMIA-PHL 2h 58mnonstop $68Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 17 7:15 am - 1:11 pmPHL-MIA 5h 56m1 stop 6:14 pm - 12:48 amMIA-PHL 6h 34m1 stop $197Delta Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 12 Show more results Flights from Philadelphia to Miami - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Philadelphia to Miami to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Philadelphia to Miami? The average price of all flights from Philadelphia to Miami clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Philadelphia to Miami, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Friday is the most expensive. Flying from Miami back to Philadelphia, the best deals are generally found on Friday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Philadelphia to Miami? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Philadelphia to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Philadelphia to Miami is September, where tickets cost $122 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and April, where the average cost of tickets is $279 and $277 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Philadelphia to Miami? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Philadelphia to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Philadelphia to Miami, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 12 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Philadelphia to Miami? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Miami from Philadelphia were found on Spirit Airlines ($26) and Frontier ($29), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($40) and Frontier ($58). Which airlines fly non-stop between Philadelphia and Miami? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Philadelphia to Miami. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Philadelphia to Miami. They are: American Airlines, Frontier and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $56 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Philadelphia and Miami per day? Each day, there are between 5 and 7 nonstop flights that take off from Philadelphia and land in Miami, with an average flight time of 2h 59m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 41 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Philadelphia and Miami? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Philadelphia to Miami take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Miami from Philadelphia is typically 2h 52m. The journey crosses a distance of 1,015 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Philadelphia to Miami? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Philadelphia at 5:00 am and will be landing in Miami at 8:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from Philadelphia to Miami? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Philadelphia to Miami jets off at 6:59 pm and lands at 10:09 pm. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $26 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 41% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 14% increase in price. Flight from Philadelphia to Miami When to book flights from Philadelphia to Miami Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Philadelphia to Miami based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Philadelphia to Miami Which is the best way to get to PHL from downtown Philadelphia? Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) and Downtown Philadelphia lie approximately 10 miles apart. You can easily commute between the two points via AMTRAK trains, which will drop you at the 30th Street Station, before hopping onto a SEPTA City Train to PHL. Also, a Regional Rail Lines offers free services from their station behind CHOP’s Philadelphia Campus to the airport. Are there lounges at MIA? Miami International Airport (MIA) features several VIP Clubs and lounges operated by different carriers. Such lounges include The American Express Centurion Lounge and American Airlines - Admirals Club. Economy class travelers can access these lounges at a reduced cost. The American Express Centurion Lounge is located in Concourse D, near Gate D12, on the 4th floor. Are there luggage stores in MIA? Those interested in storing some of their baggage after their flight from Philadelphia to Miami should visit the luggage storage desk that’s situated in Terminal E on the 2nd Level. It is open daily from 5 am to 9 pm. The fee depends on the storage duration. Are there ATMs at Miami International Airport? If you’ve just arrived at Miami International Airport from Philadelphia and feel like recharging your wallet, particularly for the cash-only outlets, you’ll have various options at your disposal. You’ll get an ATM at every terminal. For instance, Bank of America has a branch on the 4th level of North Terminal D which offers an ATM. Is there a business center at Philadelphia International Airport? On your way to Miami, you might need to conduct a little business. If so, you’ll find a number of services at the UPS Store. Located on the walkway of Terminal A/B at PHL, it is really easy to find. From here you can fax, copy, and check your email using its computers. The airport also provides free internet access. Where is the best place to wait for my flight to leave at PHL? Most restaurants and shops are located in the junction between Concourses B and C at the Philadelphia International Airport. Here you’ll find name brand stores and exciting restaurants like Germantown Biergarten (offering beer, pretzels, and panini sandwiches), Independence Prime Steakhouse, and Baba Bar (specializing in Mediterranean fare). How far is the Miami International Airport from popular attractions? Miami International Airport is about 8 miles from downtown and less than half an hour from both Miami Beach and South Beach. Your drive from the airport to the Everglades and Biscayne National Park will only take you 40 minutes - plus you are just 20 minutes from American Airlines Arena, home of the Miami Heat. Are there any hotels in Miami that offer a free shuttle? Many hotels will shuttle you from the airport. Some of these include the Hilton (overlooking the Blue Lagoon), Aloft Miami (in Doral), and Catalina Hotel & Beach Club (Miami Beach). Hotel vans pick up passengers on the upper level of the airport in the departure area. Do I need a passport to fly between Philadelphia and Miami? No Which airports will I be using when flying from Philadelphia to Miami? When flying out of Philadelphia you will be using Philadelphia. You will be landing at Miami, also known as Miami. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Philadelphia to Miami? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Philadelphia to Miami flight route: American Airlines, Sun Country Air, JetBlue, Finnair, British Airways, Delta, and PSA Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Philadelphia to Miami? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Philadelphia to Miami flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Philadelphia to Miami? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between Philadelphia and Miami. On which days can I fly direct from Philadelphia to Miami? There are nonstop flights from Philadelphia to Miami on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Philadelphia to Miami, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Philadelphia to Miami are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $384 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $396 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Philadelphia to Miami? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Philadelphia to Miami. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Philadelphia to Miami? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Miami from Philadelphia is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Philadelphia to Miami? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Miami with an airline and back to Philadelphia with another airline. Booking your flights between Philadelphia and MIA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Philadelphia to Miami? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Miami from Philadelphia up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from PHL to Miami Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $56 or less one-way and $127 or less round-trip. There are several VIP clubs and lounges at Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) run by different airlines. They include The American Express Centurion Lounge and American Airlines - Admirals Club, among others. You’ll need to be a member or possess a registered card to access these facilities. However, any passenger can still access the lounges if they agree to pay for a day pass. PHL is accessible to travelers with disabilities and persons with limited mobility. These services are either provided directly by the respective airlines or various agencies. Departing passengers will enjoy aids such as skycaps, wheelchairs, electric carts and sighted guides. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) will help you transition through the security checks. Those traveling with their families through Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) will be glad to know that the establishment has rooms designated for lactating and nursing mothers. You can locate these facilities on the secure-side walkway between Terminals B and A-East. Moms will enjoy their privacy and comfort while pumping and breastfeeding. Travelers with early morning flights should consider sleeping at hotels near PHL. Most of these hotels will provide a courtesy vehicle to ferry you to the airport, just in time for your flight. If you’re such a traveler, consider sleeping at the Sheraton Suites Philadelphia Airport for an easy connection to the airport. Moms arriving at the Miami International Airport should keep in mind that the facility has nursing and lactating sections, dubbed MIAmama. If you're using concourse D, they're located post-security. Also, the rooms have seats and sinks. Flights from Philadelphia to Miami require a travel time of about 3 hours, and American Airlines is the predominant carrier from Philadelphia to Miami. It offers non-stop flights departing from Philadelphia International Airport and landing at Miami International Airport. These flights are typically day flights that leave Philadelphia before 11 a.m. and get into Miami in the morning or early afternoon. Philadelphia International (PHL) is the main airport of the city of Brotherly Love. It is next to the Delaware River and less than 10 miles from the center of downtown. Fourteen carriers fly out of this airport, including American, Frontier, United, jetBlue, and Air Canada. If you are traveling with kids, you’ll appreciate the design of Philadelphia International Airport. All of the terminals are connected and you can walk from one point to another with no problem. If, however, you don’t want the physical exercise, simply take the airport shuttle which runs every 5 minutes. You can take a taxicab or shuttle from Miami International Airport to your hotel. About a 10-mile drive, the cost of a taxi to the downtown area is around $30 one way. There is also a super-shuttle that will take you to your Miami hotel. It will pick you up on the ground level of the airport close to baggage claim. For those driving to the Philadelphia International Airport, there are a number of parking garages at PHL. The most economical is the economy lot just past Terminal F. On average, the cost is around $11 a day. A bus will shuttle you to the terminal and runs 24/7. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Philadelphia to Miami? Find which airlines fly direct from Philadelphia to Miami, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Philadelphia to Miami Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Friday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Miami to Philadelphia Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Friday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +8 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Philadelphia to Miami See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Philadelphia to Miami. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Philadelphia to Miami? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29956 reviews 85crew 75food 81boarding 78entertainment 81overall 78comfort Airline reviews Cons: "Nothing, really. Airlines unfortunately can’t make people patient or polite, & I can’t afford a private jet, so I’ll have to settle for an eye roll or twelve."Read more about Delta Cons: "Nothing, really. Airlines unfortunately can’t make people patient or polite, & I can’t afford a private jet, so I’ll have to settle for an eye roll or twelve." Pros: "Comfort and service was great." Cons: "The severe delays was frustrating and not getting enough information about it." Pros: "The flight was average, but the quality of travel on Delta this year has been the worst I’ve ever seen. It’s average at best and I’m considering going back to American because I have yet to have a true Delta flight consistent with previous years, the whole reason I switched to Delta." Cons: "Everything" Pros: "Quickly boarded and took off as well. It was a really smooth flight!" Pros: "chwcking in was very easy." Cons: "No in board beverages. On flight from RDU to PHL beverages were served." Cons: "I had a 4 hour layover in Minneapolis, there was another flight to Denver that I meant I could’ve been home three hours earlier had I done standby, but because I had a cheaper ticket I was not allowed that opportunity. That makes absolutely no sense to me seeing as my flight was packed. I’m sorry my flight saved me money" Pros: "My first perfect Delta flight. No issues. No delays. Excellent customer service. What more could you ask for" Cons: "No problems" Cons: "When my flight with American Airlines cancelled, I felt so panicked because I needed to be in Florida on Saturday night. But thankfully, lady who works for American Airlines solved my problem on the phone in couple of minutes easily. After that, when we were boarding to the aircraft, there was a cabin attendant lady. She came to us and ask me and my mother if we can talk English.I answered her with yes we can, but she demands to talk with my mother. And English is not her native language, but it doesn't prove that she doesn't know it. She tried to ask questions to her like, "where were you today?" so we couldn't really understand the reason for her to ask those questions in the first place. So we couldn't really say anything. While we were talking about my mother's English, the all aircraft was watching us, and trying to figure out what was going on. After all, she made us to sit there and wait her to replace us with other passengers. We waited the whole aircraft to be seated, then she took us to another seat with my mother. I can understand that it is her job but I'm not sure, if it had to be that much discomfort. We got pretty upset about it and it affects our flight quality. Plus, while cabin crew serving beverages, they didn't really ask us anything. We needed to call them for our order. To be honest, I would never flight with Delta. It was a disappointment." Pros: "Delta provided great entertainment options and it felt like endless food and drinks. The seats were also a bit more spacious than usual" Cons: "They cancelled my ticket and did not inform me. Horrible exlefywith JustFly.com Beware of this organization" I didn’t like a thing! Flight attendants were rude, they didn’t have a pilot to fly, 1 hour delayed and I lost my connection flight at Miami due to American Airline’s irresponsibility. Pros: "Not much. I got to my destination on time." Cons: "If the crew had been better and they hadn’t packed every single seat. It is truly amazing - American still packs planes so that there is not one seat available. Getting on and off the plane is a cattle shoot with no room. Pre pandemic this was normal and nothing has changed. They are the only airline that ignores all post pandemic recommendations. If one sees how dirty the planes are I find it hard to believe they are being cleaned more than a cursory dusting." Cons: "People seated in front of me disregarded wearing their mask during the flight." Cons: "They cancelled two of my flights in one weekend. We will not use American Airlines again." Pros: "I was able to sleep comfortably, even in the middle seat." Cons: "Not been in a middle seat" Cons: "A small meal would’ve been appropriate on this flight considering it was first class. Only thing offered was a cookie" Pros: "I liked the ability to choose my meal before the flight." Cons: "Customer Service at the Priority Check-in could have been much friendlier, I’ve experienced much better customer service from Delta Airlines. Plus the flight attendants could have been more attentive that sitting up front in the galley and just chatting with each other." Pros: "The same as in Amsterdam." Cons: "well it was okay. Since i was happy to board my flight to miami in time." Pros: "Crew is helpful, seats comfortable" Cons: "If they don’t offer free food why not offfer snacks for money. Movies are quite old." Pros: "1st class!" Cons: "They booked me a 2 day flight but wouldn’t check my bags all the way through. Cost me an extra $30.. some “priority”" Cons: "Flight delay ,almost two hours. Have a chance to change to another flight with empty seats , not alowed" Cons: "The flight was delayed more than 4 hours. It was a bad experience with United." Cons: "Miserable seats. Inadequate overhead storage - I was forced to put my only carry on, a day pack, under my seat making the small seat and foot room even more uncomfortable." Pros: "Everything! The flight left on time and landed early. Service was great and the staff was super." Cons: "Charge for carry on Middle seat No full can of beverage" Pros: "Landing safely." Cons: "Everything else. I flew from PHL to IAH and was very unhappy with the experience. The gate agents were unfriendly. The bag check agents downstairs were unfriendly. I had two separate phone calls with United a week prior to the flight to understand and confirm the bag policy. This was AFTER booking my flight so they knew upfront I bought a basic economy ticket. After my first call, I understood a personal item would be free and I would be able to pay for my carry on bag, but only within 24 hours prior to the flight. I made a second call to be absolutely sure the previous agent gave me the correct information and pricing. So I paid the $25 for my carry on, checked in online, and waited at the gate while boarding at the very end because I was basic economy. They did not let me board with my bag. They requested another $50 to check my carry on with them or I would be rebooked. I struggled to afford the flight, let alone the carry on fee I had paid in advance. I literally did not have the money, and even if I had the cash, they only accept plastic. What blew me away was they weren't asking me to check my carry on because of the size. But because of my basic economy ticket, aka, the N fare. Despite checking with two employees by phone after buying my ticket and paying for a carry on in advance, there is a rule in place that states "if you have purchased Basic Economy, you will only be allowed one personal item, unless you are a Premier member or a primary card member using a qualifying MileagePlus credit card." Therefore, there is no alternative. You are a second class citizen; a no good deplorable, when you buy this ticket and there is nothing you can do to upgrade it. Only the "premier" passengers have the right to bring a carry on aboard even if you think you're paying for the privelage. What I was expected to somehow understand after asking two United employees prior if I could purchase the right to bring a carry on bag aboard, was to CHECK my CARRY ON downstairs or learn the hard way. Wow. What a ruthless way to learn this lesson. I waited 7 more hours to board the next available flight. What a nightmare. I thought I had did the appropriate research necessary and planned in advance to avoid these situations. Checking in online and contacting customer service prior is no longer the convenience it used to be. Even if you've done your research, bring additional funds with you. Even if you check in online and have a digital boarding pass, always check in with a real human prior to entering the TSA security line. A side note, United is trying to save money while "speeding up" the process by forcing you to use a computer to hand over your checked luggage. Speaking with a human now is a monumental struggle." Pros: "Clean aircraft, swift flight" Cons: "Seat was changed to last row/middle seat (not what initially booked or confirmed with online check-in). Before takeoff, attendant moved all passengers in back row to alternate seats. Which meant that I was no longer traveling with my colleague. Unfortunately, that made our intended meeting time impossible." Cons: "I do not like those head rests.. I wish the were detachable." Cons: "Didn't like the fact that you had to pay to watch movies" Cons: "Flight was delayed 2 hours from Manchester, which would have made me miss my connecting flight to MIA" Pros: "Nothing, 2 hrs delay waiting for a crew member and plane was ~25% full, no snacks or beverages" Pros: "On time" Cons: "Extremely high charge for carry-on baggage, extremely high charge for changing flight times, no beverage service, seats are very small with no iPhone charger available." Pros: "Was direct and easy. No issues with boarding or flight" Cons: "Cramped" Cons: "The flight was delayed more than an hour. Also, once we landed, the jet bridge wouldn’t work." Pros: "Same as all the other airlines in my opinion. Just way more afreoadable." Pros: "Plane was newer" Cons: "They charge you for everything! Water, peanuts, seat selection....and $45 for a carry on bag! Ultimately ended up paying as much as someone flying on a respectable, upscale airline....seats were basically plastic coverd in pleather. 2 thumbs down" Pros: "I arrived safely. The crew was very friendly and helped to. All my husband who was scared as this was his first time flying." Cons: "The agent who checked me in was extremely unprofessional. I felt like she was envious that I was going on a vacation and she had to work. She tried to make my experience a living hell. I personally think she should be fired. She does not enjoy what she is doing. She joyfully told me that it costs $40 to carry my luggage and after I informed her that I saw it online for less she informed me that I should have bought it online. She then stuck me all the way in the last row of the plane. I am 5'9". My husband is 6'2" and over 300 pounds. Those seats have the least leg room. It was pure torture. The flight crew in the back help my poor husband by using humor to help him." Cons: "Uncomfortable seats - don't recline! Rude crew, create an impression if they're doing you a favor by being there. Flight significantly delayed. No clear announcements. As a frequent flier, didn't expect a Spirit like experience from Frontier!" Pros: "very good boarding and nice crew" Cons: "very cold in the flight and seats were very uncomfortable" Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "After paying for the flight. We had to pay to get seats guaranteed next to each other. And the charges for everything including a ridiculous amount for a can or soda or water and a snack." Pros: "On time" Cons: "After self tagging my luggage, the bag drop line was too slow. The price as viewed in kayak for Spirit is deceiving. Once you pay for all the add ones, bag charges , seat charges, it’s NO cheaper than any airline. But the leg room and no recliner seats sure are less comfortable." Pros: "Liked the gate escort as my wife required wheelchair assistance" Cons: "Checking in 1 bag should be complementary at no charge." Pros: "Quick boarding, smooth ride" Cons: "No entertainment or food or drink service on a 6 hour flight" Pros: "The flight down to Atlanta was fine. However the flight home was cancelled due to snow, and the earliest flight I could get was 3 days later. I missed a concert I purchased tickets for MONTHS ago. Not to mention added parking expenses. Spirit offered NOTHING in lieu of these inconveniences." Cons: "The flight down to Atlanta was fine. However the flight home was cancelled due to snow, and the earliest flight I could get was 3 days later. I missed a concert I purchased tickets for MONTHS ago. Not to mention added parking expenses. Spirit offered NOTHING in lieu of these inconveniences." Pros: "I DIDN'T LIKE ANYTHING" Cons: "The customer service is rude, unhelpful and provided no solutions. I spoke with three agents including a supervisory and no one wanted to help. Worst airline. I would rather pay more than attempt to fly with Spirit Airline." Cons: "They lost my luggage and were incredibly rude to me while in the process of finding it. STILL DONT HAVE LUGGAGE. They treated me like it was fault" Pros: "Awful experience. My flight was delayed meaning i missed all my flights back home and had to purchase a $800 ticket the day of. Spirit's customer staff was no help at all. Very frustrating and stressful with no assistance. Plus it costs my a lot more money." Cons: "Awful experience. My flight was delayed meaning i missed all my flights back home and had to purchase a $800 ticket the day of. Spirit's customer staff was no help at all. Very frustrating and stressful with no assistance. Plus it costs my a lot more money." Pros: "I ended up buying a different flight with a different airline because I would have been stuck in Vegas for 12 hrs AGAIN with this airline. It's trash" Pros: "The flight left on time and arrived safely" Cons: "They advertise as a budget carrier, but charged $82 for one checked bag weighing 48 Lbs. Although I made the reservation months ago and checked in early, I was assigned to a middle seat. Even if I make no purchases while in the trip, I will still have to pay another $82 for the same checked bag on the return trip. This was no bargain. Note to self and others-steer clear of Spirit." Cons: "We were directed to board a plane that was not ready to fly and did not have working air conditioning. It was a safety and health hazard." Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Philadelphia to Miami Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Philadelphia to Miami found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/13Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 57mPHL-MIA $26 Search 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 57mPHL-MIA $27 Search 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 03mPHL-MIA $29 Search 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 03mPHL-MIA $34 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopDelta 7h 51mPHL-MIA $99 Search 2/17Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 41mPHL-MIA $140 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopDelta 5h 20mPHL-MIA $170 Search 4/12Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 50mPHL-MIA $183 Search 3/16Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 39mPHL-MIA $195 Search 3/17Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 7h 21mPHL-MIA $233 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$140 or less$180 or less$230 or less Last minute flights from Philadelphia to Miami Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Philadelphia to Miami that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 52mPHL-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 3h 01mMIA-PHL $68 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 57mPHL-MIA 12/8Fri nonstop 3h 01mMIA-PHL $74 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 2h 57mPHL-MIA 12/8Fri nonstop 3h 04mMIA-PHL $75 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 57mPHL-MIA 12/13Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 54mMIA-PHL $76 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 2h 57mPHL-MIA 12/9Sat nonstop 3h 01mMIA-PHL $79 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 2h 57mPHL-MIA 12/7Thu nonstop 3h 01mMIA-PHL $82 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 04mPHL-MIA 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 3h 01mMIA-PHL $86 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 52mPHL-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 3h 01mMIA-PHL $88 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 57mPHL-MIA 12/18Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 54mMIA-PHL $89 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 57mPHL-MIA 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 58mMIA-PHL $91 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit Airlines Search by price$70 or less$80 or less$80 or less$90 or less$90 or less Philadelphia - Miami Flights Departure: Philadelphia (PHL)United States Destination: Miami (MIA)United States Return flight deals: Miami - Philadelphia Cabin classes: $1,009 First Class flights to Miami $731 Business Class flights to Miami $1,130 Prem Econ Class flights to Miami $48 Economy Class flights to Miami Browse origins: Flights » United States » Pennsylvania » Philadelphia $40Flights from Philadelphia to Miami Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Miami $40Flights to Miami, Miami Compare transportation modes for Philadelphia to Miami Average price Average duration Flights $1,052 2h 52m Trains $304 26h 32m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Miami flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Miami from Philadelphia. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Miami from Philadelphia. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.