Cheap Flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles from $25 | (SLC - LAX) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SLC - LAX Find cheap flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles from $25 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/18. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Los Angeles These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles. How much is the cheapest flight from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:26 pm - 6:27 pmSLC-LAX 2h 01mnonstop 8:19 pm - 11:15 pmLAX-SLC 1h 56mnonstop $62Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Tue, Jan 30 11:05 am - 12:15 pmSLC-LAX 2h 10mnonstop 7:00 am - 9:58 amLAX-SLC 1h 58mnonstop $63Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Mon, Dec 18 3:41 pm - 9:23 pmSLC-LAX 6h 42m1 stop 8:19 pm - 11:15 pmLAX-SLC 1h 56mnonstop $64Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Tue, Jan 16 10:42 pm - 11:44 pmSLC-LAX 2h 02mnonstop 8:19 pm - 11:15 pmLAX-SLC 1h 56mnonstop $65Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Tue, Jan 16 8:00 am - 9:06 amSLC-LAX 2h 06mnonstop 6:00 am - 7:34 pmLAX-SLC 12h 34m1 stop $66Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Tue, Jan 30 6:22 pm - 12:53 amSLC-LAX 7h 31m1 stop 8:21 pm - 11:17 pmLAX-SLC 1h 56mnonstop $83 Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Mon, Jan 29 9:21 pm - 8:30 amSLC-LAX 12h 09m1 stop 1:30 pm - 4:28 pmLAX-SLC 1h 58mnonstop $88 Find Deal Wed, Dec 6 - Thu, Dec 14 7:37 pm - 8:39 pmSLC-LAX 2h 02mnonstop 6:25 am - 9:16 amLAX-SLC 1h 51mnonstop $98JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Sun, Feb 4 8:56 am - 9:55 amSLC-LAX 1h 59mnonstop 5:45 am - 8:33 amLAX-SLC 1h 48mnonstop $133JetBlue Find Deal Sun, Dec 17 - Thu, Jan 4 8:30 am - 9:39 amSLC-LAX 2h 09mnonstop 5:30 am - 8:37 amLAX-SLC 2h 07mnonstop $198Delta Find Deal Wed, Dec 6 - Sun, Dec 10 Show more results Flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? The average price of all flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Los Angeles on a Wednesday and more expensive on a Sunday. On your return trip to Salt Lake City, you should consider flying back on a Tuesday, and avoid Mondays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles is September, where tickets cost $118 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is $198 and $179 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 74 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Los Angeles from Salt Lake City were found on Spirit Airlines ($25) and United Airlines ($64), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($62) and JetBlue ($98). Which airlines fly most frequently between Salt Lake City and Los Angeles? Delta connects Salt Lake City to Los Angeles with up to 2 flights per day. Southwest also offers 1 flight per day, while Spirit Airlines follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Salt Lake City and Los Angeles? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles. There are 6 airlines that fly nonstop from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles. They are: American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, Southwest, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $41 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Salt Lake City and Los Angeles per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 12 nonstop flights that take off from Salt Lake City and land in Los Angeles, with an average flight time of 2h 11m. The most common departure time is 8:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 57 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Salt Lake City and Los Angeles? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles take? A direct flight to Los Angeles will take on average 1h 56m to travel the 589 miles flying distance from Salt Lake City. What’s the earliest departure time from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Salt Lake City at 6:25 am and will be landing in Los Angeles at 7:35 am. What’s the latest departure time from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles jets off at 11:13 pm and lands at 12:30 am. Good to know Low season February High season March Cheapest flight $25 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 5% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 16% increase in price. Flight from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles When to book flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles Which is the best way to get to downtown Los Angeles from Los Angeles International Airport? Upon arrival at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), you can easily connect to downtown Los Angeles via various transportation options, including buses, metros and taxis. FlyAway Bus offers the cheapest and most convenient transfer. The service departs every 30 minutes and reaches the Union Station in downtown LA after about an hour. Are there hotels near Los Angeles International Airport? Suppose you plan to arrive late in Los Angeles; it’s a good idea to book a hotel close to Los Angeles International Airport. Hyatt Regency Los Angeles International Airport and Holiday Inn Express Los Angeles - Lax Airport are recommended options. Both facilities provide complimentary transportation to and from the airport. Can I rent a car at Los Angeles Airport? The car rental agencies at LAX operate their desks at the lower arrivals level. After the baggage claim area, exit the terminal and you will find several islands in the middle with a purple Rental Car Shuttles sign. Also, most companies run off-site garages at the Remote Rental Car Depot and provide shuttle and pickup services. Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) is a hub for which airlines? Several airlines, including Alaska, Virgin, United, Delta, and American Airlines, run their hubs at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). LAX is a hub for Southwest, Spirit, Volaris, Qantas, Allegiant, and Air New Zealand Airlines. Those flying aboard these carriers can expect expedited services and multiple connections to other destinations. Which nearby cities can I visit after landing at Los Angeles International Airport? Besides Los Angeles, Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) serves numerous other cities and towns in the neighborhood. For example, Hermosa Beach, Manhattan Beach, and El Segundo are all within 15 minutes of the airport. Destinations 20-30 minutes away include Palos Verdes Peninsula and Redondo Beach. Where can I find some tourism information at Los Angeles International Airport? Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) has numerous information desks served by customer service representatives who collectively speak over 25 languages. These counters are located on the arrivals level of each terminal and are open between 6 a.m. and 12 a.m. daily. What are some good choices for nonstop flights between Salt Lake City and Los Angeles? Many airlines offer direct service between these two cities. United Airlines, Delta Air Lines, and JetBlue all offer nonstop service. If I am going to get a rideshare service at Los Angeles International Airport, where is a good place to meet my ride? When you have arrived at the airport in Los Angeles, all rideshare companies that operate there will pick you up at the LAX-it lot next to Terminal 1. Guests can make the walk there themselves or they can take the free LAX-it shuttle from all of the terminal buildings. Are there any public transportation options to get me from the center of Salt Lake City to the airport? The Utah Transit Authority (UTA) provides both light rail and bus service to the airport. The TRAX Green Line offers service to the airport and bus routes 453, 454, and 551 offer service as well. When combined these transportation options offer service from most locations in the greater Salt Lake City area to the airport for a fare of around $2.50. When I arrive at the airport in Los Angeles where do I go to pick up my rental car? All of the rental car companies that operate at the airport in Los Angeles have locations offsite. Most of the major rental car companies offer shuttle service between the terminal buildings at the airport to their location offsite. Travelers can find these shuttles under the purple rental car shuttle signs they will find on the Arrivals Level of each terminal building. Do I need a passport to fly between Salt Lake City and Los Angeles? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Salt Lake City to Los Angeles flight route: JetBlue, Delta, Spirit Airlines, Virgin Atlantic, Silver Airways, American Airlines, AeroMexico Connect, Aeromexico, Alaska Airlines, and Cape Air. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? The Boeing 737-900 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Salt Lake City to Los Angeles flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? oneworld, Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Salt Lake City and Los Angeles, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? There are nonstop flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $163 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $157 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Los Angeles from Salt Lake City is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Los Angeles with an airline and back to Salt Lake City with another airline. Booking your flights between Salt Lake City and LAX can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Los Angeles from Salt Lake City up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SLC to Los Angeles Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $89 or less one-way and $128 or less round-trip. Many carriers offer one-stop flights to those traveling from Salt Lake City International Airport (SLC) to Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). For instance, Spirit Airlines has a Las Vegas International Airport (LAS) layover. Meanwhile, those flying aboard JetBlue can expect to pass through Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL). Both departure and arrival airports along the Salt Lake City-Los Angeles route are accessible to travelers with mobility challenges. At either end, trained personnel are deployed to strategic areas to help with boarding and deplaning. Additionally, high-traffic spaces like restrooms and security counters are wheelchair accessible. If you arrive at the Salt Lake City International Airport (SLC) with hunger pangs, pop into any of the many eateries within the terminals and concourses for refueling. Those who crave Belgian-inspired delicacies like French fries, stews, and sausages will find Bruges Belgian Bistro in Concourse A ideal. Smashburger in Concourse B is known for burgers, sandwiches, and salads. For nursing mothers that are making a trip to Los Angeles, Salt Lake City International Airport offers several Lactation Rooms that have locations throughout the terminal buildings. There are also diaper changing tables that you can find in most of both the men's and women's restrooms. If you are going to drive yourself to the airport in Salt Lake City, the airport offers several different parking options. The rate for Premium Reserved Parking is around $55 per day while at the other end of the spectrum you can get long-term economy parking for around $10 per day with free shuttle service provided from the lot to the terminals. If you are bringing your four-legged friend with you on your trip to Los Angeles there are three animal relief stations available at the Salt Lake City International Airport (SLC). One of the stations sits outside of the airport on the west side of the terminal and there are two stations inside the terminal building after security near gate A9 and near gate B20. One of the reasons people love to travel to Los Angeles is for all the great coastal communities in the area. If you plan on visiting places like Santa Monica, Malibu, or Venice Beach, Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) is a great choice for an airport to get you close to these communities. If you are looking for a great place to relax before your flight to Los Angeles, there is a Delta Air Lines Delta Sky Club in Concourse A of the main terminal at Salt Lake City International Airport. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? Find which airlines fly direct from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Salt Lake City to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +27 more ANA, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Tuesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Wednesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +28 more ANA, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Thursday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Friday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +29 more ANA, Aeromexico, +30 more 28 29 Saturday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +28 more ANA, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Sunday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +26 more ANA, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Los Angeles to Salt Lake City Search Flights Monday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +26 more ANA, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Tuesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +23 more ANA, Aeromexico, +24 more 22 23 Wednesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Thursday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +26 more ANA, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Friday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +26 more ANA, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Saturday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +26 more ANA, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Sunday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 82comfort 78entertainment 85overall 88crew 85boarding 79food Airline reviews Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger." Cons: "Great flight and their service was great. Looking forward to my next flight with them." Cons: "My flight was cancelled and instead of getting a cancellation notice, I received a “your flight has been updated” email which indicated that my flight was changed from Wednesday to Friday. Unacceptable!!!" Pros: "I was allowed to do a "courtesy check" for my bag on both flights. This made it easier for me to get on the plane. The wait time to pick up my suitcase was minimal. Way to go!" Pros: "I dont like there service." Cons: "Alaska airlines did not provide assistance and I requested to assist to re check in my baggage. I did not receive any assistance to the airlines staff. This is horrible service and not happy to the alaska airlines." Cons: "Paid for and reserved a premium seat 6 weeks before flight but got reassigned to a non-premium seat upon check-in. I had to call customer care for a refund of the premium upgrade. No more live TV unlike the old Virgin America." Cons: "That there wasn’t anyone to meet us at the gate and we had to wait on the plane." Pros: "Excellent crew. very friendly. No attitudes" Cons: "they were not ready for us at LAX. We spent 20 minutes in a remote corner of the airline waiting for a gangway so we could go down to the tarmac and wait another 50 minutes for buses. No gate, no buses, just standing around. Terrible planning for our arrival" Cons: "Auxiliary generator broken so plan got hot very quickly. Flight was 2.5 hrs delayed due to another mechanical failure. And then once we were in air they generously notified us that the WiFi was broken. Utter garbage." Cons: "There were no vegetarian/vegan options for meals. In 2018 it’s unnacceptable to have ZERO veggie options, especially on a flight to LA. Come on! I ended up having to pay for 2 meals that I could only eat parts of. And it took more than 1 HOUR for them to bring me these meals. I’ve never had to wait more than 5 mins for a meal, that I PAID for, to be delivered to my seat. I was starving, forced to waste money on meals I couldn’t fully eat AND had to wait over an HOUR to receive them. I am beyond disappointed." Pros: "Just overall solid experience, especially considering how terrible other airlines have become" Cons: "Although the space around the seat is acceptable, the seats bottoms are horrible. It feels like sitting on a bench seat. It really needs more cushion." Cons: "It was a very old plane. Not what I expect from Jet Blue" Cons: "We had a delay of 3 hrs which kept us waiting in the middle of the night" Cons: "More complimentary food options given it’s a 6 and a half hour flight." Pros: "The colors" Cons: "THERE ARE ONLY 1-2 STAFF MEMEBRS AT TERMINAL 5 JFK (busiest ailier in the world) for 309+ passengers an hour that’s not enough. I booked with you guys and paid extra money for worthless travels, but no. Never again with JetBlue" Cons: "My main comment is that the wi-fi didn't work for all passengers. One of the reasons I flew this airline was because they promise reliable wi-fi on the flight and despite multiple attempts to troubleshoot, it never worked." Cons: "Gary was his name. I went up to go to the bathroom, I had heard the announcement prior to that and no one had mentioned anything about seatbelts or staying in my seat. I made sure before I got up. As I get up he approaches me and said "you need to stay in your seat, began to shake his head,"they mentioned it like 5 times", he then said. I really dont appreciate the attitude. It's not what you say it's how you say it. Work on your attitude Gary from JetBlue" Pros: "Easy going boarding, easy going staff, excellent amenities with personal large size video screen, elegant cabin with cool blue light and with accessible self-serving snacks and drinks and just overall very clean modern plane" Cons: "All the other airlines" Pros: "Booked my flight quick and easy on Kayak, very inexpensive round trip for under $300 from SLC to Long Beach." Cons: "Can't complain about anything really. The crew wasn't very talkative and didn't have much to say maybe that's about it." Cons: "Delaying a flight by 2 hours for crew issues is ridiculous and even more do not alerting me to the change before I was at the airport. Terrible" Cons: "Delta put me on an aisle rather than window I am broad shouldered and got pummeled throughout the flight by passengers and crew passing by Gal next to me fell asleep on my shoulder It was ok. She was attractive. :-)" Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Cons: "Wheelchair shortage on arrival, although I had one reserved. Waited for a while then walked. Not ideal. Very long wait for bus to rental car center." Pros: "Delta is professional and safe. The best fares ever." Cons: "Lack of food/snack choices. Seem like a shortage on ice." Pros: "I, as a tall man, was allowed to move into an exit row with no additional charge. The flights were not full." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Lost baggage. No one told us anything till after an hour" Pros: "the plane was large, we departed on time, the flightcrew was extra friendly and attentive" Cons: "Seat were tight and the upgrade fees and not affordable" Pros: "Comfortable seats, friendly staff." Cons: "The wifi was not working during this flight. The ceiling light/fan controls are too close to the window for the aisle seat to reach them. During boarding, it was too hot. The boarding process was delayed 10-15 minutes without any updates." Pros: "I loved that I was able to get home! The crew was nice." Cons: "It was very very warm in the plane. The entertainment unit was lacking." Pros: "The crew was fantastic and plane was clean" Cons: "My entertainment video player had a bad earphone jack so i could not watch movies or tv and resorted to paying for wifi" Pros: "last minute upgrade was nice, made sleeping much nicer. food was good, flight uneventful which is always a good thing." Cons: "Some of the flight attendants had an attitude and we not very personable to others. Just doing their job, ticking off the boxes. One was very kind, the others not so much." Cons: "I've tried to respond twice now with a long detailed answer only to get booted out of the page. In short you and Flyus.com are criminals that ripped me off for over 430 dollars U.S. will never use you again" Pros: "Seats were nice, flight was efficient, arrived early." Cons: "Gate agent spoke so ridiculously fast and swallowed so many sounds that it was virtually impossible to understand most of what he was saying. Most importantly we all missed that our roll-on bags wouldn’t fight in the overhead bins. As a result many people pulled their bags on and fought and struggled to force their luggage above, only to give up. The on-board agents recognized early the problem and then proceeded to allow many other passengers to stroll by them with their large roll-on bags, only to delay the boarding process and frustrate everyone. When making their safety announcement the flight attendant was clearly competing for fastest speaking human and rushed through at blazing speeds. In all my 30+ years of travel, I’ve never heard anything like it." Pros: "Time was good. Ground service was good. In-flight was okay. Because I love Cathay so much I took a 3 hour longer trip through LA (vs. Seattle) and paid more. But I was berating myself for that. But the flight back was Cathay service at its finest." Cons: "Snacks were okay, nothing to shout about. Streaming movies is still of a mystery to me, not an intuitive experience in any sense of the word. the sites AA provides to answer one's questions don't give any real guidance on 'how', just state what, kept pointing me to the app which doesn't have any menu item to view movies. took me well over ten minutes to find any helpful information." Pros: "Cabin crew was excellent." Cons: "Deplaning at an inconvenient remote terminal with unattractive and minimal facilities, which involved waiting in a long line for a series of buses for transport to the main terminal. Arrival at the main terminal required climbing a flight of stairs. No in-flight food service offered except a choice between one cookie or one cracker." Pros: "We arrived safely The seats were comfortable We were on time" Cons: "1) American's boarding process seems to be driven by ticket price and nothing else. Every other airline I've been with boards families with small children first. It lets those families and get on board and get setup so that they don't block aisle access for everyone else. American seems to board based on how expensive your ticket was. So, the aisles get blocked and boarding takes forever. 2) The cabin crew gave pretty apathetic service. When our baby threw up on us, they just told us to go clean ourselves up in the bathrooms. They gave us a can of soda water to help clean up, but that was about it. 3) When my wife asked if the bread was dairy free (for our baby with a dairy allergy), the staff's response was to turn to another staff member and ask them, "Do you want to go back and research that?" In the end they just told us they didn't have time to look it up." Cons: "We are letting too many people with the flu, travel. This in turn is spreading it to other places and getting too many people sick. We need to control this more. I don’t have an option after spending all this money on if I can stay healthy or not, and that is not ok." Pros: "Good in-flight service, comfortable first class seat." Cons: "Arrival gate was remote from main terminal, requiring a crowded and disorganized wait for a bus to the main terminal and baggage claim. The extremely small overhead storage cabinets of the Canadair required many passengers to check normally acceptably sized carry-on bags after boarding and finding it impossible to fit. Waiting time for retrieving these on the ramp at the destination was excessive." Pros: "Very organized" Cons: "No issues, I found value for the amount I paid for my flight" Cons: "Service for people not able to sleep on the long haul" Cons: "Can’t charge devices. Have to pay for watching movies. Pay for suitcase!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "This airline sucks so bad........I had a flight that' was suppose to leave at 6 pm from salt lake.....to LA .needless to say it's 11pm and I'm still seatingbon the runway" Cons: "Flight was delayed 6.5 hours. Then they delayed another hour. Then they sent a message that it would only be an additional 30 minutes so we rushed back. Then it was delayed another 2 hours. The United people would have happily stuck me with an overnight hotel so I could take their flight the next morning. I asked for the AA routing that worked for a same-day arrival. They happily agreed." Cons: "My luggage took about 30 min, incredibly frustrating. Most airlines have this process figured out, wish United could do the same." Cons: "One member of the crew was rude, advise if you dislike your job quit and find another!" Pros: "The flight was delayed, but once I got on I had a great flight!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Kayak did not confirm my seat. Was not able to get a flight. Called customer service and they told me to rebook. My card was charged twice. The airplane had faulted hardware. Waited in line for 2 hours to get a different flight. All flights to Phoenix were full. Didn't make the standby list. Couldn't make the rebook flight. Worst day ever Now, No one can give me a refund. mind you I took a day off from work this was a last minute. The reason this trip was so important to me is because my grandma is in the ICU. I hardly ever complain about any customer service experience. Overall to get a hold of customer service is awful." Cons: "It would have been helpful if hanging a garment bag were available, which was the case on my return flights to DC on American Airlines." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/18Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 09mSLC-LAX $25 Search 12/13Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 10mSLC-LAX $30 Search 12/25Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 27mSLC-LAX $64 Search 12/14Thu nonstopJetBlue 2h 03mSLC-LAX $84 Search 12/10Sun nonstopDelta 2h 17mSLC-LAX $99 Search 12/14Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 58mSLC-LAX $104 Search 12/29Fri nonstopDelta 2h 15mSLC-LAX $109 Search 12/6Wed nonstopJetBlue 2h 01mSLC-LAX $116 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 32mSLC-LAX $119 Search 12/4Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 46mSLC-LAX $194 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesJetBlueDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$30 or less$80 or less$100 or less$120 or less$190 or less Last minute flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 18mSLC-LAX 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 6h 20mLAX-SLC $68 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 14h 47mSLC-LAX 12/19Tue nonstop 1h 58mLAX-SLC $89 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 10mSLC-LAX 12/19Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 58mLAX-SLC $95 Search 12/3Sun nonstopJetBlue 2h 03mSLC-LAX 12/8Fri nonstopJetBlue 1h 50mLAX-SLC $235 Search 12/3Sun nonstopJetBlue 2h 03mSLC-LAX 12/23Sat nonstopJetBlue 1h 49mLAX-SLC $243 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 2h 07mSLC-LAX 12/10Sun nonstopDelta 2h 07mLAX-SLC $248 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 00mSLC-LAX 12/10Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 22mLAX-SLC $267 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 2h 07mSLC-LAX 12/10Sun nonstopDelta 2h 07mLAX-SLC $268 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 00mSLC-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 00mLAX-SLC $277 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 04mSLC-LAX 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 31mLAX-SLC $317 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$90 or less$240 or less$250 or less$270 or less$320 or less Salt Lake City - Los Angeles Flights Departure: Salt Lake City (SLC)United States Destination: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Los Angeles - Salt Lake City Cabin classes: $478 First Class flights to Los Angeles $449 Business Class flights to Los Angeles $160 Prem Econ Class flights to Los Angeles $54 Economy Class flights to Los Angeles Browse origins: Flights » United States » Utah » Salt Lake City $60Flights from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » Los Angeles $60Flights to Los Angeles, Los Angeles Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Honolulu Flights to Phoenix Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Los Angeles flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Los Angeles from Salt Lake City. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Los Angeles from Salt Lake City. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.