Cheap Flights from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson from C$ 43 | (YEG - YYZ) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YEG - YYZ Find cheap flights from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport from C$ 43 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 17/3. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Toronto Pearson Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Edmonton to Toronto. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Edmonton to Toronto. How much is the cheapest flight from Edmonton to Pearson Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Edmonton to Pearson Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:55 a.m. - 6:50 a.m.YEG-YYZ 3h 55mdirect 8:55 p.m. - 11:36 p.m.YYZ-YEG 4h 41mdirect C$ 104 Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 12:55 a.m. - 6:50 a.m.YEG-YYZ 3h 55mdirect 8:55 p.m. - 11:36 p.m.YYZ-YEG 4h 41mdirect C$ 106 Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 12:55 a.m. - 6:50 a.m.YEG-YYZ 3h 55mdirect 7:50 a.m. - 10:15 a.m.YYZ-YEG 4h 25mdirect C$ 109Flair Airlines Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Fri, 19 Jan 12:55 a.m. - 6:50 a.m.YEG-YYZ 3h 55mdirect 7:50 a.m. - 10:15 a.m.YYZ-YEG 4h 25mdirect C$ 120Flair Airlines Find Deal Thu, 1 Feb - Sun, 4 Feb 12:50 a.m. - 6:43 a.m.YEG-YYZ 3h 53mdirect 9:00 p.m. - 11:41 p.m.YYZ-YEG 4h 41mdirect C$ 124Lynx Air Find Deal Fri, 26 Jan - Mon, 5 Feb 12:50 a.m. - 6:43 a.m.YEG-YYZ 3h 53mdirect 8:45 p.m. - 11:26 p.m.YYZ-YEG 4h 41mdirect C$ 127Lynx Air Find Deal Mon, 8 Jan - Tue, 6 Feb 5:25 p.m. - 11:16 p.m.YEG-YYZ 3h 51mdirect 8:10 a.m. - 10:33 a.m.YYZ-YEG 4h 23mdirect C$ 173Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 7:30 a.m. - 1:21 p.m.YEG-YYZ 3h 51mdirect 1:55 p.m. - 4:15 p.m.YYZ-YEG 4h 20mdirect C$ 177Porter Airlines Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Sat, 13 Jan 5:05 p.m. - 10:56 p.m.YEG-YYZ 3h 51mdirect 8:15 p.m. - 10:35 p.m.YYZ-YEG 4h 20mdirect C$ 178Porter Airlines Find Deal Wed, 10 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 1:00 a.m. - 9:46 a.m.YEG-YYZ 6h 46m1 stop 9:35 p.m. - 11:58 p.m.YYZ-YEG 4h 23mdirect C$ 257Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 3 Jan - Mon, 8 Jan Show more results Flights from Edmonton to Pearson Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Edmonton to Pearson Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is February, where tickets cost C$ 204 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are August and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 350 and C$ 334 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 90 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 148) and Lynx Air (C$ 168). Flair Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 43. Which airlines fly most frequently between Edmonton and Toronto Pearson Airport? WestJet connects Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport with up to 4 flights per day. Air Canada also offers 2 flights per day, while Porter Airlines follows with 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly direct between Edmonton and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. There are 5 airlines that fly direct from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Flair Airlines, Lynx Air, Porter Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 98. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Lynx Air. How many flights are there between Edmonton and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 7 and 15 nonstop flights that take off from Edmonton and land in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 3h 50m. The most common departure time is 12:00 a.m. and most flights take off at night. Each week, there are 76 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Edmonton and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport take? Direct flights from Edmonton generally make it to Toronto Pearson Airport in 3h 40m. The flying distance between the two cities is 4,326 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Edmonton at 12:05 am and will be landing in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 5:56 am. What’s the latest departure time from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport jets off at 6:25 pm and lands at 12:16 am. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 43 Best time to beat the crowds (17% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (30% more expensive on average) Flight from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport When to book flights from Edmonton to Pearson Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Edmonton to Pearson Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport flights Which airlines offer nonstop flights from Edmonton International Airport (YEG) to Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ)? WestJet, Air Canada, Swoop, and Flair offer nonstop service between Edmonton and Toronto Pearson Airport. Air Canada and WestJet also offer one-stop service between the two cities, with layovers in Calgary and Vancouver. Are there any hotels near the Edmonton International Airport (YEG)? The Renaissance Hotel is connected to Edmonton International Airport by a pedestrian walkway. The Fairfield by Marriot is located in Airport City, and there is a free shuttle service between the hotel and the airport. Several other hotels are located just across the Queen Elizabeth II Highway, less than 4 km from the airport. Are there any hotels close to the Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ)? Two hotels are located at the airport. The Sheraton Gateway Hotel is in the airport near Terminal 3, and the Alt Hotel is near the Viscount Station stop of the airport’s Terminal Link shuttle train. Additional hotels are located just outside of the airport grounds, and many provide shuttle services to the airport. Is public transportation available from Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ)? The Union Pearson Express train runs regularly from Terminal 1 to Downtown Toronto, connecting the airport to the region’s public transportation network, including the GO Transit, VIA Rail trains, and the TTC subway via connections at Union Station, Weston Station, and Bloor Station. Buses serving Toronto and its suburbs also stop at the airport. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport? Air Canada, and KLM offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport? The Boeing 737-800 (Scimitar Winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Edmonton and Toronto Pearson Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport? There are direct flights from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Edmonton to Toronto, Porter Airlines or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Edmonton to Toronto are Porter Airlines and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 323 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 320 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Toronto Pearson Airport from Edmonton is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Toronto Pearson Airport with an airline and back to Edmonton with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Toronto Pearson Airport from Edmonton up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Edmonton to Toronto Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 118 or less one-way and C$ 225 or less round-trip. Just outside of Edmonton International Airport (YEG) is Airport City, a shopping and entertainment complex that boasts an outlet mall, a golf club, a raceway, a casino, restaurants, and hotels. A free on-demand shuttle runs between the airport and Airport City. Edmonton International Airport has three play areas for kids, located by Gates 16 and 68 after security in the Domestic-International Departures and by Gate 88 in US Departures. Hourly, daily, weekly, and monthly parking options are available near Edmonton International Airport, and a free shuttle provides service between the parking lots and the terminal. The car rental counters at Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) are conveniently located in Terminal 1. The Terminal Link train at Toronto Pearson International Airport is a free shuttle that operates 24/7 and connects Terminals 1 and 3 in the airport and Viscount Station at the Value Park Garage. Toronto Pearson Airport offers a free in-terminal shuttle service to help passengers with limited mobility travel around the terminals. Passengers can wait near one of the pick-up points or simply wave to stop a passing shuttle. Passengers at Edmonton International Airport who need extra assistance may bring an aide or other escort to help them reach their boarding gate. Escorts are required to pass through security and should have a photo ID card and an escort pass issued by the airlines. Members of Air Canada’s Maple Leaf Club can relax in the Maple Leaf Lounge near Gate 54 in Edmonton International Airport. Other passengers can enjoy first-class lounge amenities at the Plaza Premium Lounge, near Gate 52. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Edmonton to Pearson Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Tuesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +18 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Saturday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Sunday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Toronto Pearson Intl to Edmonton Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Tuesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +13 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +14 more 12 13 Sunday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Edmonton to Pearson Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Edmonton to Toronto. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Edmonton to Pearson Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 84crew 71food 80overall 81boarding 77comfort 70entertainment Airline reviews I liked when we actually were allowed to get on the airplane back to Edmonton… What could’ve been better well, not having our flight be delayed five hours could’ve been better… And then canceling our flight from Edmonton to Toronto, and then rescheduling us to fly from Honolulu to Edmonton -Edmonton to Vancouver, and then Vancouver to Toronto with a 12 hour layover in Edmonton pretty much was hell… Total travel time to get home 38 hours that’s really what could’ve been better. The two gate attendants for WestJet in Honolulu told us to come back to the gate to try to make other arrangements because they had to board the Calgary flight 1st and they didn’t have time to talk to me but by the time I came back when they told us to they said you should’ve come earlier to make these arrangements everyone else already changed their flights… We found out later that 30 people did not get on the 2:30 AM Edmonton flight. They ended up getting on the midnight flight to Calgary and making other arrangements to Toronto and so forth which we could’ve taken advantage of that if they had allowed us to when I initially had went up and approached the two gate attendance one of their names was Denise. One of the kindest WestJet employee was the one who received us in Edmonton, who felt so bad about the entire situation she got us for more meal vouchers and flew us first class from Vancouver to Toronto. In Honolulu they had given us two vouchers to use for dinner and they weren’t valid outside of Canada so we had purchased a meal and they were completely useless… But nowhere did it say that they could only be used in Canada So when we received more food vouchers in Edmonton, all of them did end up working in Canada, but it was just so convoluted. Overall, we have traveled to other countries even going as far as Africa… and that experience was far easier than flying to Hawaii from Canada I cannot believe any of this happened and how inconvenient it was We arrived, exhausted after 38 hours of travel, and could not even go to work on Monday. I look forward to hearing from KAYAK or from WestJet for some sort of compensation over the situation.Read more about WestJet I liked when we actually were allowed to get on the airplane back to Edmonton… What could’ve been better well, not having our flight be delayed five hours could’ve been better… And then canceling our flight from Edmonton to Toronto, and then rescheduling us to fly from Honolulu to Edmonton -Edmonton to Vancouver, and then Vancouver to Toronto with a 12 hour layover in Edmonton pretty much was hell… Total travel time to get home 38 hours that’s really what could’ve been better. The two gate attendants for WestJet in Honolulu told us to come back to the gate to try to make other arrangements because they had to board the Calgary flight 1st and they didn’t have time to talk to me but by the time I came back when they told us to they said you should’ve come earlier to make these arrangements everyone else already changed their flights… We found out later that 30 people did not get on the 2:30 AM Edmonton flight. They ended up getting on the midnight flight to Calgary and making other arrangements to Toronto and so forth which we could’ve taken advantage of that if they had allowed us to when I initially had went up and approached the two gate attendance one of their names was Denise. One of the kindest WestJet employee was the one who received us in Edmonton, who felt so bad about the entire situation she got us for more meal vouchers and flew us first class from Vancouver to Toronto. In Honolulu they had given us two vouchers to use for dinner and they weren’t valid outside of Canada so we had purchased a meal and they were completely useless… But nowhere did it say that they could only be used in Canada So when we received more food vouchers in Edmonton, all of them did end up working in Canada, but it was just so convoluted. Overall, we have traveled to other countries even going as far as Africa… and that experience was far easier than flying to Hawaii from Canada I cannot believe any of this happened and how inconvenient it was We arrived, exhausted after 38 hours of travel, and could not even go to work on Monday. I look forward to hearing from KAYAK or from WestJet for some sort of compensation over the situation. Plane left on time. The service and food was excellent. No problem with the luggage arrived and was delivered within 15 minutes. Absolutely horrible service filled with delays and problems will never travel with Flair Airlines and WestJet delays delays and mor delays absolutely Horrible customer service and Really Experience. There wasn’t an option for not applicable under food. No food on this flight. Good coffee though. Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy" Pros: "Good legroom in premium economy, power outlets at all seats" Cons: "WiFi speed was terrible" Pros: "Nothing really." Cons: "The lady at the checkin desk volunteered me to check my carry on and told me that she would charge me if I didn’t comply. ( there was more than enough room on the plane for me to store it). The plane wreaked of poo the whole flight and it gave me a head ache, which my Tylenol was in my carry on that the lady forced me to check. And the flight was only supposed to be delayed 15 min, and we didn’t take off until 45 min later, which made us miss our connection. Very disappointing service/ flight from WestJet!" Pros: "every Single employee treated us great. Seating was very comfortable." Cons: "The discontinued the tablets in plus after booking without notifying us. Not too impressed that we flew 9 hours plus time change and got breakfast followed by breakfast. On the way home we get dinner followed by dinner I guess" Pros: "What a great experience flying west jet!! The crew was so accommodating. I got sick on the plane and there were so many people jumping to help me make sure I was confortable. I’ve flown all airlines and will be flying West Jet again." Pros: "Overall an easy experience. Cheap!" Cons: "West jet has got to figure out a better way to board the plane- the "zone" model is a nightmare." New jet. Lots of leg room. On time departure. Early arrival. Reasonable airfare. Excellent online experience. I had checked in online the day before but was instructed to collect our boarding passes when we arrived. I am not completely comfortable using the automated Kiosks and always enjoy the nostalgia of speaking with someone when checking in for a flight. Upon doing so however, we were immediately asked,"did you check in online already?" To which I replied, "yes, but we were asked to retrieve our boarding passes upon arrival." She then said, "that's what those machines over there are for. We really encourage people to use those." That unfortunately sparked a series of shortness and overall poor behavior in my opinion from the woman who checked us in. I understand it was early in the morning but I am always excited to experience flying and that interaction has unfortunately left a bitter taste in my mouth to the point I will forever now hesitate to book with Porter again. Thank you for taking the time to read this. Cheers, JD Porter uses the intelligent and logical way of boarding a plane - from the back. Nothing , two weeks of dealing with booking glitches on porters side , as our main international carrier was fine ,we were assured. When we got to check in everything would be smooth , we were confirmed there would be no issues, guess what happened? After an hour and a half at check inn we were told there was technical glitch involving payment we may not be able to fly , which would have set off a catastrophic chain , the undue stress on my family was unbearable . They really communicated well advised well in advance of a delay. Contacted to tell me it was almost time to go and to do a check in. Porter, like most airlines, need to improve their baggage policies. In reality, there are no longer 'cheap flights' because passengers pay exorbitant baggage fees. Pros: "The crew was good and boarding was super efficient" Cons: "No entertain on the plane. Since when YTZ offered no more complimentary drinks and some snack?" Cons: "Not the airline’s fault but we were delayed. That’s the only thing that could have been better" Cons: "The flight was delayed by 2 hours . We missed our appointment and want to be compensated!!!" Cons: "I paid almost half as much as I paid for the flight to have a carry on bag. I was not informed about this fer when I was buying the ticket. $48 is an outrageous fee for a carry on bag, I would never have bought this ticket had I known." Flight left late so arrived late in Toronto flight staff were great. Got me off the plane quickly to try and make customs and my flight to Atlanta got to my next flight in time but they said they decided to put my luggage on a later flight so now I would have to wait since they said I would have to be on the plane with my luggage so waited another 4 hours to make that flight. Multiple delays, multiple gate changes, disorderly boarding, no carry-on baggage room, few snacks, small dinner, small seats, no ventilation and etc. You are treated poorly if in economy class. I was told at customs in Toronto that us border was closed at 8:30 on a Saturday, preventing me from catching connecting flight from Toronto to Chicago. Not sure why they close that early, but why was Air Canada having a flight at 8:55 if they knew customs closes before that. The flight attendant assured me I had plenty of time at 8pm to make my flight. Also pearson international is sooo poorly organized and run. They kept saying someone from air Canada will be downstairs or at the end of the hall to help you with your connecting flight. But they weren’t there or had no idea how to help. Complete incompetence. Worst airport I’ve gone through. Poor signage and directions. Plane from Toronto to Minneapolis was small non working rear bathroom crowded plane Cons: "I have no complain it was good for the most part for, more food lol" Cons: "WiFi connection and thereby any information and entertainment did not work. Long wait for luggage." Pros: "Nothing much to write home about, but I didn't worry about anything in particular during my 4hr flight from Edmonton to Toronto." Cons: "The crew were not too courteous, but I've come to expect a little bit of cheery happiness from them after flying porter. Not sure I'd complain about this, though. The food was the highlight. The only vegetarian option was mac-n-cheese, and it was horrid. I didn't even try finishing it." Pros: "Service was outstanding!" Cons: "The lunch was average at best. Comedy show selections were terrible (in my opinion). I miss the days of Curb Your Enthusiasm and Arrested Development." Pros: "Extra legroom but I paid for that" Cons: "Not getting the meal I prepaid for and the curtain of business class constantly hitting me it was not good." Cons: "Flight wad delayed without letting me know anything for next schedule. and staff was non cooperative." Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Edmonton to Toronto Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Edmonton to Toronto found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 17/3Sun directFlair Airlines 3h 55mYEG-YYZ C$ 32 Search 13/1Sat directFlair Airlines 3h 55mYEG-YYZ C$ 33 Search 28/1Sun directLynx Air 3h 53mYEG-YYZ C$ 51 Search 28/1Sun directLynx Air 3h 53mYEG-YYZ C$ 54 Search 9/1Tue directPorter Airlines 3h 51mYEG-YYZ C$ 83 Search 8/1Mon directPorter Airlines 3h 51mYEG-YYZ C$ 85 Search 8/1Mon directAir Canada 3h 51mYEG-YYZ C$ 86 Search 9/12Sat directWestJet 3h 47mYEG-YYZ C$ 92 Search 24/1Wed directWestJet 3h 47mYEG-YYZ C$ 93 Search 15/12Fri directAir Canada 3h 51mYEG-YYZ C$ 155 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesLynx AirPorter AirlinesAir CanadaWestJet Search by priceC$ 30 or lessC$ 50 or lessC$ 90 or lessC$ 90 or lessC$ 160 or less Last minute flights from Edmonton to Pearson Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Edmonton to Toronto that are departing in the next 10 days. 2/12Sat directLynx Air 3h 53mYEG-YYZ 6/12Wed directLynx Air 4h 41mYYZ-YEG C$ 184 Search 3/12Sun direct 3h 53mYEG-YYZ 9/12Sat direct 4h 29mYYZ-YEG C$ 189 Search 4/12Mon direct 3h 53mYEG-YYZ 8/12Fri direct 4h 29mYYZ-YEG C$ 197 Search 2/12Sat directLynx Air 3h 53mYEG-YYZ 5/12Tue directLynx Air 4h 41mYYZ-YEG C$ 198 Search 3/12Sun directFlair Airlines 3h 55mYEG-YYZ 11/12Mon directFlair Airlines 4h 25mYYZ-YEG C$ 199 Search 3/12Sun directFlair Airlines 3h 55mYEG-YYZ 11/12Mon directFlair Airlines 4h 25mYYZ-YEG C$ 203 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 3h 54mYEG-YYZ 9/12Sat directWestJet 4h 25mYYZ-YEG C$ 234 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 3h 54mYEG-YYZ 7/12Thu directWestJet 4h 29mYYZ-YEG C$ 279 Search 3/12Sun directPorter Airlines 3h 51mYEG-YYZ 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 9h 15mYYZ-YEG C$ 332 Search 1/12Fri directPorter Airlines 3h 51mYEG-YYZ 8/12Fri multi-stopPorter Airlines 9h 15mYYZ-YEG C$ 338 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirFlair AirlinesWestJetPorter Airlines Search by priceC$ 190 or lessC$ 200 or lessC$ 200 or lessC$ 280 or lessC$ 340 or less Edmonton - Toronto Pearson Airport Flights Departure: Edmonton (YEG)Canada Destination: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Return flight deals: Toronto Pearson Airport - Edmonton Cabin classes: First Class flights to Toronto C$ 1,363 Business Class flights to Toronto C$ 664 Prem Econ Class flights to Toronto C$ 132 Economy Class flights to Toronto Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Alberta » Edmonton C$ 174Flights from Edmonton to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 174Flights to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, Toronto Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Toronto Pearson Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Toronto Pearson Airport from Edmonton. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Toronto Pearson Airport from Edmonton. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.