Cheap Flights from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat from $197 | (MIA - BCN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MIA - BCN Find cheap flights from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat from $197 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/3. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Barcelona-El Prat These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Barcelona. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Barcelona. How much is the cheapest flight from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:30 pm - 8:20 pmMIA-BCN 21h 50m1 stop 6:45 am - 2:40 pmBCN-MIA 13h 55m1 stop $427TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Thu, Feb 15 4:30 pm - 10:05 amMIA-BCN 11h 35m1 stop 6:45 am - 8:35 pmBCN-MIA 19h 50m1 stop $428TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Fri, Feb 16 12:20 pm - 8:40 amMIA-BCN 14h 20m1 stop 11:00 am - 3:05 pmBCN-MIA 10h 05mnonstop $446Iberia Find Deal Sun, Jan 28 - Sun, Feb 4 12:20 pm - 8:40 amMIA-BCN 14h 20m1 stop 11:00 am - 3:05 pmBCN-MIA 10h 05mnonstop $447Iberia Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Sun, Jan 28 4:20 pm - 7:10 amMIA-BCN 8h 50mnonstop 11:00 am - 3:05 pmBCN-MIA 10h 05mnonstop $484Finnair Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 23 9:30 pm - 4:20 pmMIA-BCN 12h 50m1 stop 11:00 am - 3:05 pmBCN-MIA 10h 05mnonstop $487Finnair Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 23 4:20 pm - 7:10 amMIA-BCN 8h 50mnonstop 11:00 am - 3:05 pmBCN-MIA 10h 05mnonstop $494British Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Thu, Feb 15 5:10 pm - 11:50 amMIA-BCN 12h 40m1 stop 11:00 am - 3:05 pmBCN-MIA 10h 05mnonstop $497British Airways Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Tue, Feb 13 7:50 pm - 6:25 pmMIA-BCN 16h 35m1 stop 10:40 am - 6:40 pmBCN-MIA 14h 00m1 stop $507American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Sat, Feb 3 9:30 pm - 4:20 pmMIA-BCN 12h 50m1 stop 11:00 am - 3:05 pmBCN-MIA 10h 05mnonstop $562American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 17 Show more results Flights from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat Airport is February, where tickets cost $567 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,270 and $1,242 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 22 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Miami to Barcelona? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Barcelona from Miami were found on SWISS ($326) and Air Europa ($331), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on TAP AIR PORTUGAL ($427) and Iberia ($446). Which airlines fly non-stop between Miami and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat Airport. There is just one airline that flies from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat Airport direct and that is American Airlines. The best one-way deal found from American Airlines for the route is $591. How many flights are there between Miami and Barcelona-El Prat Airport per day? Each day, there are 2 nonstop flights that take off from Miami and land in Barcelona-El Prat Airport, with an average flight time of 8h 50m. The most common departure time is 4:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 14 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 2. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Miami and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Miami to Barcelona take? A direct flight to Barcelona will take on average 8h 50m to travel the 4,685 miles flying distance from Miami. What’s the earliest departure time from Miami to Barcelona? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Miami at 4:20 pm and will be landing in Barcelona-El Prat Airport at 7:10 am. What’s the latest departure time from Miami to Barcelona? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat Airport jets off at 4:20 pm and lands at 7:10 am. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $197 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 34% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 43% increase in price. Flight from Miami to Barcelona When to book flights from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Miami to Barcelona-El Prat flights What are the eco-friendliest airlines flying from Miami to Barcelona? One-stop flights from Miami to Barcelona are more sustainable than direct and double-stop flights, with roughly 8,038 lbs. of carbon emitted per passenger. Eco-savvy passengers should consider reserving Miami-to-Barcelona flights with carriers like Air France, Delta, and British Airways as they are the eco-friendliest, releasing 30%, 29%, and 28% less carbon, respectively. What transport options are from Joseph Tarradellas Barcelona – El Prat Airport to Barcelona’s downtown? BCN is well linked to downtown Barcelona by public transportation such as buses and trains. Aerobus, a shuttle bus service at BCN, serves downtown Barcelona every 10min, with stops at Gran Via-Urgell, PI Universitat, and PI Espanya. The Aerobus stop in Terminal 1 is on the floor below arrivals and at Terminal 2’s arrivals hall exit. Alternatively, you could board the train in Terminal 2. Does the airport in Barcelona provide accessible services for passengers with limited mobility? Yes. BCN provides barrier-free amenities for people with reduced mobility (PRMs) to ensure they are comfortable at the airport. The airline hub has a customer service line for those with speech or hearing impairments. Additionally, the airport has several meeting points throughout the terminals where you can announce your arrival and request assistance. What are some good hotels at or near Joseph Tarradellas Barcelona – El Prat Airport? For weary passengers or those arriving after late-night flights from Miami, you could retreat to Sleep & Fly Barcelona. The accommodation is within BCN, on floor 1, Terminal 1. Other hotels that are a stumbling distance from BCN include the Renaissance Barcelona Hotel, Barcelona Aeropuerto, and Barcelona Airport Hotel. What are the interterminal transfer options at Miami International Airport (MIA)? MIA boasts 131 gates within six concourses and three terminals. A people-mover system, the MIA Mover, enables convenient movement between terminals. The system also serves the rental car center at Miami Intermodal Center. In addition to the Skytrain that served the D gates in Concourse D, the Miami E Train links Concourse E with Gates E33 and E20. What services are offered at Miami International Airport for families with kids? MIA is a family-friendly airport for those who are traveling with their tots, Plane Fun. It is located post-security Concourse D and past Concourse E’s security checkpoint. For those with babies, MIAmamas nursing suites are found post-security on each concourse. How can I get to Miami Airport (MIA) on public transportation? From Miami Central Station, you can take the Tri-Rail, the Metrorail, and the Metrobus to Miami International Airport (MIA). You need to buy an EASY Card in order to pay the fare on any of these buses or trains. You can easily purchase an EASY Card from one of the many machines at Miami Central Station. Does Miami Airport (MIA) have an on-site hotel? Yes. You can find the Miami International Airport Hotel in the Central Terminal, Concourse E, located on the departures level. From 10:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m., Day Rooms are available. Rooms feature sound-proof windows, premium beds, flat-screen TVs, movies to purchase, a rain showerhead, and a coffee-maker. Can I fly directly from Miami to Barcelona? Yes. KAYAK offers several affordable options for non-stop flights from Miami (MIA) to Barcelona (BCN). On flights with one or two stops, you could change planes in a number of different cities, including Chicago, Dallas, Lisbon, or Madrid. What can I do to relax at the Barcelona Airport (BCN)? Barcelona Airport features a number of lounges, and passengers can purchase a one-time pass to some of these. Lounge amenities usually include a quiet place to relax or work, Wi-Fi, and refreshments, and Wi-Fi. Also, you can indulge in a massage, facial, or therapeutic treatment at the Heaven and Earth Spa Express. How do I get from Barcelona Airport (BCN) into the city itself? At Barcelona Airport (BCN), you will find several options for taking public transport into the city. Airport Bus #46 and the Aerobus travel directly into Barcelona city center and drop passengers off. You can also access train and metro stations at the airport. And, you can usually find a cab outside the terminals. Do I need a passport to fly between Miami and Barcelona? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Barcelona from Miami. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Miami to Barcelona? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Miami to Barcelona flight route: Finnair, American Airlines, British Airways, Breeze Airways, PSA Airlines, Alaska Airlines, EL AL, Lufthansa, Iberia, Delta, and JetBlue. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Miami to Barcelona? The Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Miami to Barcelona flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Miami to Barcelona? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between Miami and Barcelona. On which days can I fly direct from Miami to Barcelona? There are nonstop flights from Miami to Barcelona on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Miami to Barcelona, Turkish Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Miami to Barcelona are Turkish Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $707 and an overall rating of 7.9, Turkish Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $872 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Miami to Barcelona? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Miami to Barcelona. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Miami to Barcelona? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Barcelona from Miami is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Miami to Barcelona? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Barcelona with an airline and back to Miami with another airline. Booking your flights between Miami and BCN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Miami to Barcelona? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Barcelona from Miami up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from MIA to Barcelona-El Prat Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $547 or less one-way and $720 or less round-trip. Some trips to Barcelona from Miami may have layovers, depending on your carrier. Some common layover destinations include Madrid-Barajas Airport (MAD), Paris Charles de Gaulle (CDG), and Philadelphia International Airport (PHL). The Miami Hound Machine is an animal-therapy program to delight stressed passengers at the airport. The program entails dogs and their handlers roaming the terminals, and you are welcome to cuddle and pat them. If you want to explore or shop at Joseph Tarradellas Barcelona – El Prat Airport (BCN) after your flight from Miami and your luggage is wearing you down, there are luggage storage lockers at Terminal 1 and airside Terminal 2B’s ground floors. The five different lounges in Barcelona Airport (BCN) provide passengers with many amenities, including peace and quiet, Wi-Fi, and some level of refreshments. Passengers can purchase a day pass to some of these lounges. At Miami Airport (MIA), most airport lounges are exclusive and do not sell day-pass access. At least one lounge, however, Club America, does sell day-passes to travelers if space permits. Besides some calm and quiet away from the hubbub of the airport, Club America offers travelers snacks, sandwiches, and alcoholic drinks upon request. The Business Centre in the middle of Barcelona Airport (BCN) offers friendly and expert service from staff, meeting rooms, and even offices. You can also stay in an Air Room, equipped with a bed, a bathroom, a TV, a bar, a safe, and Wi-Fi. If you want to rent a car at Barcelona Airport, you will need a passport, a driver’s license, and a major credit card. To optimize your car rental experience, consult the KAYAK ultimate guide to renting a car. If you have some time to kill at Miami Airport (MIA), you might try indulging in a spa treatment such as a massage or facial, or relax in the yoga room in Terminal H. You can even soak in some art by visiting one of the airport’s art galleries or art installations. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat? Find which airlines fly direct from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Miami to Barcelona-El Prat Search Flights Monday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 Thursday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 Friday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 Saturday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 Sunday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Barcelona-El Prat to Miami Search Flights Monday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 Thursday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 Friday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 Saturday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 Sunday American Airlines, British Airways, EL AL, +2 more American Airlines, British Airways, +3 more 1 2 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Miami to Barcelona. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 78comfort 86crew 82overall 77entertainment 82boarding 79food Airline reviews Cons: "Swiss perfect as always, Barcelona ground worker disaster, as always...."Read more about SWISS Cons: "Swiss perfect as always, Barcelona ground worker disaster, as always...." Cons: "Nada, I slept through this leg and the staff let me be." Pros: "The airline is top notch and treated you great like it should be." Cons: "The sears where a little tight but not bad and the movie options were ok not great." Pros: "Crew was fantastic" Cons: "Boarding was delayed by 30 minutes. May have been beyond the crew control." Cons: "Swiss does not know how to handle their own problems and hurt passengers in the process." Cons: "Seats and leg space were uncomfortable, staff could have been friendlier and more presentable (cleaner appearance)" Pros: "Good crew and despite the short flight we even got a sandwich which was great after a long day" Cons: "No entertainment but short flight" Pros: "the crew was great." Cons: "they asked us to check in our carry-on because the plane was full.I had important papers so I had to explain my situation. I hate confrontation so I felt anxious and I'm already an anxious flier. I feel that this should only pertain to people with larger carry-on. my was below the average size." Pros: "The crew was very nice and very good. They served the evening meal very promptly. They could have made another trash run prior to everyone trying to sleep for the night flight." Cons: "The coach seats are narrower than any I have encountered and they are very close to the rows in front and behind. Not comfortable at all." Pros: "Service and food were good considering it was "plane food". No delay whatsoever." Cons: "Black box under the front seat. No room for legs. Seat blocked in lower position, impossible to make it stay in upper position. Entertainment wasn't working good: extremely laggy when it was working ... Seats are way too short. You got the neck support into the upper back ... And I am only 1.80m. Overall, I am done with Swiss until they upgrade their planes. Wifi was 99usd for 220 mo ... what a joke. A 20+yo plane for a such reputated company. There was still the ashtrays inside the restrooms." Pros: "The boarding was great and moved very well. The crew super friendly and helpful." Cons: "More information on how to use the complimentary Wifi in the cabin. I had the app and it helped me but it’s not immediately in front of you so the passenger can decide. You guys offer WiFi in packages and most of the other airlines do not." Pros: "The crew is always smiling and ready to help you and I really like that." Cons: "Flight was delayed and we missed our connection. Wondering why all the shuttles were parked and unavailable when you knew there were connection s that were tight." Pros: "Everything and everyone was very nice and helpful My son has a cognitive disability and he flew by his self And they helped him find his seat and treated him with respect." Cons: "While trying to get a gate pass to pick up our son from the gate Delta service makes it very hard to know where to go and get the pass and then they only had one person working at ticket assist. Totally unacceptable. Many managers walking around but no one actually helping." Pros: "Arrived on time and smooth flight though it was completely full" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They charged me $646 for the flight. And we departed 40 min later. I arrived late to my work. They gave me seat in the back of the plane. Horrible" Pros: "Staff are adept at dealing with these issues but it is a systemic problem." Cons: "Rather than pay luggage fees, people are bringing on their luggage and the flight ALWAYS runs out of space. Suitcases are being moved around right at people heads and more than once I've been hit and seen other people be hit in the head by a suitcase. Getting luggage in place used to be a simple and minor issue, now it occupies much of the time, energy, and attention of the cabin crew as well as the gate crew. I realize this is making money for Delta but the cost is being paid by people being hit in the head with luggage and the crew's unavailability to deal with other issues." Cons: "The flight from. JFK to Barcelona was delayed as well. Their computers were down in Atlanta. So everyone had to have their name hand typed into a computer when boarding. Then the pilot said that our bags are usually weighed and computerized for even distribution on the plane. That system was also down, so we sat on the runway waiting for that problem to be fixed. When we arrived at Barcelona, I unpacked and discovered a jacket and pants in my luggage were wet. The only place that could have happened was at JfK during their rain storm and the luggage weight issue." Pros: "The flight crew were awesome" Cons: "Not exactly the flight but the attendant white lady in Atlanta at the gate needs to sharpen her customer service skills, a bit obvious on who she prefers to deal with, as a foreigner and over 25 years of experience in dealing with the public, I felt the indifference. I frequently fly and my choice of airline is delta, this by far has been the only dissappointnent. Please do make sure this gets to the person in charge." Pros: "The take off and landing were very smooth and the crew was nice." Cons: "Crying baby aboard" Pros: "The seats were surprising and comfortable and reclined quite a bit. The food was excellent and the people serving it was so nice" Cons: "The boarding to my connection flight failed due to unprofessional behavior of the airport staff. Likewise if many people. They did not allow us to board and closed the flight although we were on time" Cons: "Not much leg room on economy class. 200 $ extra makes the trip better" Pros: "Not like other airlines, they allowed passengers to move to better yet empty seats. Great service, so many thing handed out free (where others charge) Entertainment system is superb as well as food and service. i fly with them all the time, NEVER delayed!" Pros: "The service, generosity of the crew, the food and the comfort in the cabin ,actually everything in this flight was 5 stars." Pros: "The food was excellent and the crew was super efficient." Cons: "Tight bathroom and no leg room." Pros: "I’ve flown Many airlines in the past but my experience with Turkish airlines was wonderful. The only bad thing was that there was a lot of turbulence. The staff were super helpful, every time you asked for something they provided quickly. The seats were spacious. Great flight entertainment tons of movies to choose from. Food was yummy. Will defenitly fly with Turkish air in the future." Cons: "Turkish air had great service, food, entertainment and nice comfortable planes. Left on time and arrived on time. Two unrelated issues at Miami airport they didn't have a separate line for the people holding global entry and at the Istanbul airport no info desks to direct passenger to their connecting flight" Pros: "This was a normal flight. Nothing out of the norm. good food, and good entertainment selection." Pros: "Unfortunately I was extremely not happy with the flight I had a layover for about 11 hours and every time I spoke with a representative they didn't have any new information" Cons: "The customer service experience along with the unorganized procedure for a delayed flight." one of my bags was drenched with fish smelling water and all my new clothes bought at dublin and the 23kg checked in bag were all gone waste with very pungent fish smell and also having stains Pros: "Crew was great, on time flight, clean plane." Cons: "Entertainments options were shockingly few. Honestly have not been on a plane recently with so few and limited options of TV series and movies. I was extremely surprised. Wish I had know and I would’ve had more options for my family." Pros: "Boarding was efficient and the crew were nice." Cons: "the seating is horrible. it was the tightest seating I've ever experienced." Pros: "Flight was on time." Cons: "Staff: from check in to landing, they could at least smile. Baggage claim was a nightmare, 6 Schengen flights in the same belt." Pros: "The crew tried to be helpful but were equally frustrated with the ground crew." Cons: "Follow your own policies. Allow people to board (economy plus) with their hand luggage who have followed all the rules and chosen a seat in the front of the plane. My daughter and my KLM approved baggage were taken by the boarding crew while allowing other passengers to go with more than allowed" Cons: "Half the screens were not working - crew were made aware but nothing was done. Vegetarian choices were poor to non-existent ; I witnessed crew insist to a passenger that there were no vegetarian options! They finally cobbled something together for him but not a pleasant experience" Pros: "KLM never disappoints, the cabin crew was extremely kind and helpful!. The food was great, nice leg room in regular economy class, thousands of movies and tv shows...it was great!" Cons: "Well there was a LOT of turbulence but no one can control the weather and shout out to the pilot for giving us such a smooth landing a rough weather!" Cons: "We were changed from KLM to Airiltalia without any information sent so only because I tried to check in did I find out the flight on KLM was cancelled and we were changed to Airitalia. The Airitalia flight was very mediocre." Cons: "The check in desk was late opening & the carry on luggage size was smaller than advertised on their website, so it had to be put in the hold. Open on time to prevent less stress to travelers & give more accurate information about cabin luggage." Pros: "Cabin Crews was extremely good and hospital. Transfer point staff buggy / wheal Chair was good and second to none." Cons: "Transfer point needs upgrade." Pros: "Austrian Airlines is the best! Crew, food, drinks, entertainment, and plugins were all provided, and it was all very nice (and delicious food!)." Cons: "Nothing! Love Austrian Airlines!" Pros: "I was able to get good seats, front of the plane. 3rd row for all my flights. pretty decent leg room" Cons: "flight was delayed, 2nd Austtian flight delayed in the same day" Pros: "They DID NOT let me aboard the airline!!! Austerian airline is the worst EVER, because they are not even helping me to get a credit to fly Monday to Israel. The of ticket counter at ORD were treating me as a dirt. And unwelcome. I was trying to reason with them, they did NOT want to help." Cons: "It would have been better if back to back with priceline helped me out to get to another flight & they won’t even credit my ticket, so I LOST about $1200 & was excited for my vacation. They were unhelpful & they kept putting me untold & hanging up on me with their ticket agency on phone too." Pros: "The crew was not very unhelpful & hardly accommodating, not helpful at all. I have never met such a cold hearted airline crew, so unthankful & not trying to help customer. They kept rolling their eyes & speaking like I was a dirt. I will NEVER fly this airline & I will make sure everyone knows." Cons: "Came early to counter & my passport expires August 9th, so they refuse to help me & did not let me go on board even though I had approval from Jordanian country to fly there. Austerian ticket crew & supervisor did not want even to check the pass through to board with permission. The WORSE airline!!!" Pros: "Very easy and smooth flight. We landed 25 min earlier. Austrian Airlines are my favorite." Cons: "As a gluten free person dinner delicious but after 5-6 next hours for breakfast I got few small slices of melon... like really?? This will not feed anyone! For next time I know that I have to bring my own food.. so bad! While servis time we ordered whisky with cola and after one hour we went to ask for one more cause we wanted and CA told us they dont serve anymore whisky only wine or beer. Besides this things when I came to plane my sit and table tray was dirty so we had to put blanket over... for the first time I write bad feedback but I have to cause it was terrible.." Cons: "Let some people pass first even though they arrived after us and we al had same tickets (or gave preference for no apparent reason), I did tell thecgate agent and he apologized" Pros: "The flight was short and got us there" Cons: "This was not business service. The seats were uncomfortable, virtually no leg room." Cons: "There was no entertainment at all. No movies, no music, absolutely nothing. If i could have rated it with no stars i would have." Cons: "Chaotic boarding process, no clear communication with passengers, delays in boarding not explained, people sent away or told off, huge attitude and chip on the shoulder. In the U.S., we are customers that paid for a service and are asking for details on that service. In Europe, we are annoyances that depend on staff at the boarding gates to get on the plane, so power tripping and general disdain to customers beings confused are part of the game. I will try never to fly Austrian Airlines again. Absolutely unacceptable behavior toward families, mothers with children, senior citizens. I can almost see the smirks and annoyed and superior attitude of staff at the boarding gate when they had to deal with more passengers asking why boarding hasn't started half an hour ago when we were announced it would. No answers, just show me the passport and boarding pass, ok, please go back, we'll let you know, then ignore questions." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Austrian Airlines7.8 Book cheap flights from Miami to Barcelona Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Miami to Barcelona found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/3Sun 1 stop 13h 20mMIA-BCN $197 Search 2/13Tue 1 stop 13h 45mMIA-BCN $208 Search 1/30Tue 1 stop 18h 25mMIA-BCN $220 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 18h 45mMIA-BCN $434 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 15h 15mMIA-BCN $481 Search 1/16Tue nonstopIberia 8h 50mMIA-BCN $541 Search 1/11Thu nonstopIberia 8h 50mMIA-BCN $578 Search 2/28Wed nonstopBritish Airways 8h 50mMIA-BCN $699 Search 12/13Wed nonstopFinnair 8h 50mMIA-BCN $700 Search 1/30Tue nonstopFinnair 8h 50mMIA-BCN $702 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTAP AIR PORTUGALIberiaBritish AirwaysFinnair Search by price$210 or less$430 or less$540 or less$700 or less$700 or less Last minute flights from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Miami to Barcelona that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stop 30h 11mMIA-BCN 12/12Tue multi-stop 33h 00mBCN-MIA $488 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAir Canada 11h 35mMIA-BCN 12/5Tue multi-stopAir Canada 19h 15mBCN-MIA $494 Search 12/1Fri multi-stop 14h 36mMIA-BCN 12/5Tue multi-stop 19h 15mBCN-MIA $498 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopBritish Airways 12h 30mMIA-BCN 12/13Wed nonstopBritish Airways 10h 15mBCN-MIA $502 Search 12/1Fri nonstopBritish Airways 8h 50mMIA-BCN 12/4Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 14h 14mBCN-MIA $504 Search 12/3Sun nonstopIberia 8h 50mMIA-BCN 12/14Thu multi-stopIberia 17h 35mBCN-MIA $509 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFinnair 8h 50mMIA-BCN 12/12Tue nonstopFinnair 10h 15mBCN-MIA $584 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 8h 50mMIA-BCN 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 10h 15mBCN-MIA $594 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFinnair 8h 50mMIA-BCN 4/4Thu nonstopFinnair 9h 50mBCN-MIA $634 Search 12/4Mon nonstopIberia 8h 50mMIA-BCN 4/3Wed multi-stopIberia 16h 30mBCN-MIA $671 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir CanadaBritish AirwaysIberiaFinnairAmerican Airlines Search by price$490 or less$500 or less$510 or less$590 or less$670 or less Miami - Barcelona Flights Departure: Miami (MIA)United States Destination: Barcelona-El Prat (BCN)Spain Return flight deals: Barcelona-El Prat - Miami Cabin classes: First Class flights to Barcelona Business Class flights to Barcelona $1,461 Prem Econ Class flights to Barcelona $579 Economy Class flights to Barcelona Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Miami $385Flights from Miami to Barcelona-El Prat Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Spain » Barcelona-El Prat $385Flights to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, Barcelona Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Philadelphia Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Ontario Flights to Charlotte Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Barcelona-El Prat flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Barcelona-El Prat from Miami. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Barcelona-El Prat from Miami. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.