Cheap Flights from Calgary to Las Vegas from C$ 102 | (YYC - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYC - LAS Find cheap flights from Calgary to Las Vegas from C$ 102 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 17/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Calgary to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Calgary to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:10 a.m. - 10:15 a.m.YYC-LAS 3h 05mdirect 6:45 p.m. - 10:42 p.m.LAS-YYC 2h 57mdirect C$ 93Lynx Air Find Deal Sun, 17 Dec - Thu, 21 Dec 7:10 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.YYC-LAS 2h 50mdirect 9:45 a.m. - 1:30 p.m.LAS-YYC 2h 45mdirect C$ 94Flair Airlines Find Deal Sun, 17 Dec - Sat, 23 Dec 7:10 a.m. - 9:15 a.m.YYC-LAS 3h 05mdirect 9:45 a.m. - 1:30 p.m.LAS-YYC 2h 45mdirect C$ 96 Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Thu, 25 Jan 7:10 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.YYC-LAS 2h 50mdirect 6:45 p.m. - 10:42 p.m.LAS-YYC 2h 57mdirect C$ 102 Find Deal Sun, 17 Dec - Thu, 21 Dec 3:35 p.m. - 5:28 p.m.YYC-LAS 2h 53mdirect 8:35 p.m. - 12:30 a.m.LAS-YYC 2h 55mdirect C$ 175WestJet Find Deal Fri, 15 Dec - Tue, 19 Dec 7:00 p.m. - 11:58 p.m.YYC-LAS 5h 58m1 stop 6:50 p.m. - 1:33 a.m.LAS-YYC 5h 43m1 stop C$ 186Air Canada Find Deal Sun, 17 Dec - Sun, 24 Dec 6:00 p.m. - 7:48 p.m.YYC-LAS 2h 48mdirect 6:15 p.m. - 10:07 p.m.LAS-YYC 2h 52mdirect C$ 196WestJet Find Deal Sat, 20 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 7:00 p.m. - 11:58 p.m.YYC-LAS 5h 58m1 stop 6:50 p.m. - 1:33 a.m.LAS-YYC 5h 43m1 stop C$ 209Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 7:45 a.m. - 5:58 p.m.YYC-LAS 11h 13m1 stop 10:05 a.m. - 7:47 p.m.LAS-YYC 8h 42m1 stop C$ 220Delta Find Deal Wed, 21 Feb - Wed, 28 Feb 6:20 a.m. - 12:18 p.m.YYC-LAS 6h 58m1 stop 10:25 a.m. - 8:00 p.m.LAS-YYC 8h 35m1 stop C$ 250Delta Find Deal Sun, 17 Dec - Wed, 20 Dec Show more results Flights from Calgary to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Calgary to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Calgary to Las Vegas? The average price of all flights from Calgary to Las Vegas clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Calgary to Las Vegas, Sunday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Wednesday is the most expensive. Flying from Las Vegas back to Calgary, the best deals are generally found on Tuesday, with Wednesday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Calgary to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Calgary to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Calgary to Las Vegas is July, where tickets cost C$ 320 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and May, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 402 and C$ 399 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Calgary to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Calgary to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Calgary to Las Vegas, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 46 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Calgary to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Flair Airlines (C$ 102) and Lynx Air (C$ 103). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Lynx Air (C$ 126) and Flair Airlines (C$ 128). Which airlines fly direct between Calgary and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Calgary to Las Vegas. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from Calgary to Las Vegas. They are: Flair Airlines, Lynx Air and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Lynx Air at C$ 135. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Calgary and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 3 nonstop flights that take off from Calgary and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 2h 53m. The most common departure time is 6:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 11 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 27% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Calgary and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Calgary to Las Vegas take? Direct flights take on average 2h 46m to travel the 2,693 km between Calgary and Las Vegas. What’s the earliest departure time from Calgary to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Calgary at 6:55 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 8:45 am. What’s the latest departure time from Calgary to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Calgary to Las Vegas jets off at 6:00 pm and lands at 7:50 pm. Good to know Low season January High season May Cheapest flight C$ 102 Best time to beat the crowds (9% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (11% more expensive on average) Flight from Calgary to Las Vegas When to book flights from Calgary to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Calgary to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Calgary to Las Vegas Are there any airlines that make Calgary International Airport (YYC) or Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) a hub for their operations? Most Canadian travellers are familiar with the fact that Calgary International Airport is the only hub for WestJet in the country, meaning there is a huge selection of flights aboard this airline from this airport. The Harry Reid International Airport is a major hub for Allegiant Airlines. Does the Harry Reid International Airport offer any facilities or amenities to get freshened up after a long flight from Calgary? Passengers can utilize the showers available for a fee inside of the Club at LAS lounge locations found in both terminals at the airport as well as in the Centurion Lounge and the Zero Fitness location, both of which are inside Terminal One. There are also spa locations near the D gates and E gates in Terminal One that can be a terrific place to get revitalized after a long flight. Are there any lounges at Calgary International Airport? The Aspire International Lounge is a modern space where passengers can wait for their flights in comfort while enjoying complimentary hot meals and snacks, as well as wine, beer and spirits. Amenities include family booths with personal TVs, unlimited Wi-Fi, executive work stations and shower facilities. Access to the lounge can be purchased at the door. What facilities are available for passengers travelling with children? Calgary International Airport has several Fun Zone play areas in the domestic and international terminals to keep kids entertained. If you are looking for a place to feed or nurse your baby, six private nursing rooms can be found in the terminals. Change facilities are also available in the family rooms located in the international terminal. How can I get from the airport to Las Vegas? The easiest way to get from the airport to Las Vegas is by taxi. Taxis can be found outside exit doors 1-4 in Terminal 1 and on level 0 of Terminal 3. If you want to travel in true Vegas style, stretch limousines and SUVs are available for rent outside the baggage claim areas. Can I rent a car at the airport in Las Vegas? A number of car rental companies operate from the McCarran Rent-A-Car Center, which is about 5 kilometers from Las Vegas airport. For the convenience of travelers, blue and white shuttle buses travel from the airport to the rental car center every 5 minutes. Which airports will I be using when flying from Calgary to Las Vegas? When flying out of Calgary you will be using Calgary. You will be landing at Las Vegas, also known as Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Calgary to Las Vegas? WestJet Encore, WestJet, and Air Canada offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Calgary to Las Vegas flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Calgary to Las Vegas? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Calgary to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Calgary to Las Vegas? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Calgary and Las Vegas. On which days can I fly direct from Calgary to Las Vegas? There are direct flights from Calgary to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Calgary to Las Vegas, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Calgary to Las Vegas are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of C$ 492 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 503 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Calgary to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Calgary to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Calgary to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Calgary is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Calgary to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Calgary with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Calgary to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Calgary up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Calgary to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 133 or less one-way and C$ 175 or less round-trip. One of the most convenient ways that you can travel from downtown Calgary to the Calgary International Airport (YYC) is to ride aboard the Line 300 bus provided by Calgary transit, which makes this trip in a little over 30 minutes, with buses leaving every 30 minutes or so throughout the day. If you are making a plan to drive your own car to the Calgary International Airport, you have the opportunity to park right at the airport plus, when you book online, you can save up to 15% off your parking rates and guarantee yourself a spot at the airport. Passengers with limited mobility or disabilities travelling from the Calgary International Airport will find that this airport offers a number of services and amenities for these travellers. This includes digital screens at check-in locations, gates, and baggage handling areas. It also includes things like service animal relief areas, accessible curbside drop-off locations, elevators in public areas, and a dedicated app for helping passengers navigate the airport. Flights from Calgary to Las Vegas depart from Calgary International Airport in Alberta and arrive at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, Nevada. On average, direct flights from Calgary to Las Vegas take about 2 hours and 47 minutes. Delta Airlines, Air Canada, WestJet and United Airlines all service this route. Calgary Airport offers a wide range of food and drinks, from gourmet breakfasts to fast food. Sit down for a meal at one of the steakhouses or grab a freshly-squeezed juice and a sandwich if you’re pressed for time before your flight. Upscale wine bars and brew houses offer a selection of world-class beers and fine wines by the glass. If you need help carrying your luggage from the curb to the airline check-in counter, porter services are available at Calgary International Airport. This service is especially useful for big families, sports teams and people travelling in large groups. Reservations can be made in advance or porters can be requested at the airport. There are a number of retail outlets at Calgary International Airport if you need to purchase a last-minute gift or have forgotten a travel essential at home. Browse through a wide variety of apparel, accessories, chocolates, skin care products, travel accessories and toys. Passengers can also stock up on magazines and snacks for the flight. If you’re departing from Calgary and heading for the sun and fun of Las Vegas, you won’t need to bring your heavy coat with you on your vacation. Check your coat at the coat and luggage storage areas on the arrivals level and leave your cold weather gear behind. Prices are charged on a daily basis. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Calgary to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Calgary to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Calgary to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Delta,KLM, +3 more Aeromexico,Delta, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +2 more Aeromexico,Delta, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Aeromexico,Delta,KLM, +3 more Aeromexico,Delta, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more Aeromexico,Delta, +5 more 3 4 Friday Aeromexico,Delta,KLM, +3 more Aeromexico,Delta, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +3 more Aeromexico,Delta, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more Aeromexico,Delta, +5 more 3 4 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Calgary Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Delta,KLM, +3 more Aeromexico,Delta, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +2 more Aeromexico,Delta, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Aeromexico,Delta,KLM, +3 more Aeromexico,Delta, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more Aeromexico,Delta, +5 more 3 4 Friday Aeromexico,Delta,KLM, +3 more Aeromexico,Delta, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +3 more Aeromexico,Delta, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Aeromexico,Delta,Flair Airlines, +4 more Aeromexico,Delta, +5 more 3 4 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Calgary to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Calgary to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Calgary to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 78entertainment 85overall 82comfort 79food 88crew 85boarding Airline reviews Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport" Pros: "The snack was a whole sandwich that was quite tasty and in my opinion far better than the two meals I was served on my US to Europe flight on Condor. The staff were very kind, accommodating and served us damp linens to wipe our hands with before eating, which I did not receive on the Condor flight." Pros: "Overall, a great experience." Cons: "The flight attendants were excellent overall, but one of them reacted unprofessionally when I asked her to throw something away prior to departure. (I believe it was the first class flight attendant, as I did not interact with her again after take off)." Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Pros: "No hassle and easy boarding." Cons: "More room and limit on size of luggage in the overhead compartment." Pros: "The flight itself was as expected." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3+ hours with no reasoning shared with travelers. No compensation, complimentary beverage, etc. was provided." Cons: "Miss airline meals but realize this was a short flight. Everyone was great." Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "I didn’ ask for internet but i was charged$25 I don’t know what to name it !" Pros: "The entire experience of the flight was wonderful. The boarding, the crew, the drivers, the ride... just really all excellently well done. Great Flight!" Cons: "Those video.screens are.Super Bright. Like Crazy Super Bright." Pros: "Friendly staff" Cons: "No food offered but I usually don’t eat food but some passengers were asking about the food service" Pros: "The crew was extremely helpful and friendly!" Cons: "The seats, overall, could have been more comfortable... I have somewhat of a backache after my trip." Cons: "No ear plugs offered and my iPhone jack didn’t fit." Cons: "Delayed flight planning - would have been nice to delay the flight before boarding." Cons: "On board entertainment was inop, making for a long (4) hours flight." Cons: "Flight was delayed almost 3 hrs. Ran out of food right before my row. I upgraded my seat but feel I got the short end of the stick." Pros: "Just a great experience Delta is still above the rest excluding Hawaiian" Cons: "Cant think of anything" Cons: "After a delay of about an hour on a very full flight the gate agent asked for volunteers to check their rollaboard suitcases. The gate agents then allowed those who checked their rollaboards to board before Zone 1,which was fine. However, a bunch of people without gate check stickers on the rollaboards were also allowed to board before Zone 1, which was aggravating. There was a long delay on the tarmac, during which we had to pull back to the gate or to a maintenance area before we finally took off. When we arrived in Vegas there was no gate for us to pull into, which led to another long delay of an already long and delayed flight." Cons: "at last minute itinerary was changed.. instead of routing through Brisbane, was now routed through Sydney. Flight from Sydney to LAX was delayed by 4 hours, then missed flight LAX to LAS... overall long delayed arrival. Checked the route through Brisbane, and those flights we're all there, departed and landed all on-time... so wondering what the reason was for the change of the itinerary without a cause (no cancel or delayed flights through Brisbane)" Pros: "crew was nice and pilot was informative." Cons: "1. flight was delayed twice, which meant my arrive was delayed in Cincinnati. 2. boarding was a nightmare. After 2 delays, I was crammed into zone 4. I dont fly as often, the seats space seems to be getting smaller. 5. I sat next an overweight person. I didn't like my personal space violated. 6. The flight offer movies, I slept. Yet kept getting elbowed by this overweight neighbor. 7. I am a single, independent person. I prefer to sit near the front. First on and settled and 1st off and gone!" Pros: "The flight crew was friendly and personable. Beverage service was consistent and efficient. Entertainment and free WiFi messaging were great perks." Cons: "The positives don’t even come close to offsetting the misery of Delta’s seats. I honestly don’t remember the last time I was so cramped and uncomfortable. I’m not an abnormally large man - 6 feet 200 lbs - and there was no room for my legs or my shoulders in an “upgraded economy” seat. I fly weekly for work on another major airline, and only took this one in a crunch. But I am quite certain this was my last Delta flight and I’ll be advising others similarly. The service and entertainment aren’t sufficient to mask an awful seat configuration." Cons: "More than an hour late departing. Added to that it was almost an hour before luggage appeared. Not West Jet’s fault but it made us even later resulting in some of our long drive of our drive to Grand Canyon being in the dark." Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)" Pros: "Crew were fairly attentive, have experienced better. Liked the Canadian entertainment options, even if very limited." Cons: "Seats were okay, the plane is really showing it's age. Movie selection was very limited, and very dated." Cons: "Minor point. They boarded the plane very early. We got to the gate 1/2 hour before departure, and were almost the last ones to board." Pros: "Dry accommodating staff all around. Thank you" Cons: "More space between people. Not much you can do I understand that. So overall great" Pros: "Crew were very good. The economy seats were "ok". Food was good and the service was very good." Cons: "Entertainment didn't have enough new movies to watch. The leg room could've been better." Cons: "Don't like having to download app for entertainment....some devices not current enough to download.. Not everyone has devices Kids disappointed..prefer Alaska monitors" Cons: "Always a ‘full flight’ and they run out of spacein the overhead storage" Pros: "The flight was cancelled at the last minute I had to buy another flight with Air Canada that cost me double the price and i was stuck at the airport all day !!!! The Air Canada flight was at 6.30pm ,and the West Jet was suppose to leave at 11.30am" Pros: "The flight was on time." Cons: "That I had to pay $30 for one checked bag, would have thought the first one was free!" Pros: "The entire experience was great. Flight was at 1 got to the airport at 1208. They got me and my oversized luggage on the plane in time for take off." Cons: "The meal was a pasta with no protein. While delicious, along side it’s compliments of a salad, bun and yogurt, it was no bueno for someone avoiding carbs. Obviously a pathetic comment but one none the less." Cons: "The layover was very long but Detroit is a very nice airport." Cons: "They are changing their procedures and there was a bottle neck to do the check in. In previous years it was ok, this time it was terrible." Cons: "I am assuming because it was a Delta airplane we didn’t have the option to watch movies. The Aeromexico planes always have monitors to watch them. I missed that on this flight." Pros: "It would be nice if you could use the AeroMexico app and watch entertainment on your phone, without paying." Cons: "There was throw up on the row in front of me and since no one on the flight before said anything it didn’t get cleaned up right so it had a smell to it." Pros: "Spacious seating, unexpected small meal at 11 pm, Mexican flight staff,(felt like I was in Mexico already)" Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Personal at the check in desks were very nice and helpful. Seats in the air craft were comfortable. Flight AM to JFK was great! I had 3 seats blankets and pillows to my self." Cons: "That there was nothing ales but peanuts for a snack. I don't like peanuts. I understand that it was a 2hr flight, but I was tired and would of loved a blanket and they didn't have any. Flight AM to JFK again only one choice for breackfast, so I tried it, eggs w string beans and black beans. Did not like!!" Pros: "The whole experience was great from preboard to on board customer service. The flight was great with plenty of room, good food and entertainment." Cons: "There was nothing I didn’t enjoy about my flight experience back to Seattle." Cons: "I believe Aero Mexico had four flights going from LAX to Mex City in the matter of two hours when we arrived so the line to check in was huge. Not a big deal until the staff began pulling people from the back of the line to check in for flights that left at the same time as ours, which put us on a time crunch to get to our gate on time. Once we arrived at the gate, there was no indication that our flight had been delayed and no announcement regarding its status. We simply had to wait and wait, then we finally took off an hour late. The staff on board the plane was less than helpful in getting our customs paperwork to us as well. Not a great experience." Pros: "It was a direct flight." Cons: "The delay when departing, and the attention of the flight attendants. Also very limited kind of beverages." Pros: "Crew did the best they could with the situation" Cons: "An hr delay because our plane was delayed an hr due to there being too much fuel and it seems a lot of delays that were very preventable" Pros: "Great crew - good attitudes." Cons: "Delayed for an hour due to a log book issue." Cons: "I upgraded my seats, but we still didn’t get any extras for the price." Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Pros: "Crew was great." Cons: "Older aircraft. No electrical outlets. Arm rests did not stay up. Entertainment only on AA app on personal device." Cons: "It took entirely too long to board the plane. Then there were ‘mechanical issues’ that needed dealt with. Well, don’t have everyone sit on the plane for 60 minutes. Don’t continuously state ‘it’ll be fifteen minutes.’ Just give straight answers" Pros: "It was fine. Just not anything great." Cons: "Many groups were not seated together. at the airport I asked if my husband and I could be put together . One worker seemed interested in helping, but another rudely butted in and said there "were no seats together, the flight was full." Come to find out the flight was not full, there were whole rows not full. The groups near our seats rearranged ourselves so we could be by our family members, so it worked out. No thanks to the person at the terminal. Really long walk from the gate to the plane. No food on a cross country flight. Only a few cups of water/soda and a cookie. which unfortunately is typical now days. The lights were off the whole trip. The captain kept turning on the seat belt sign for the turbulence. Which there was a lot of. But then he would announce for everyone to go back to their seats. It wasn't huge bumps, just a little rough. and it woke everyone up by announcing it multiple times." Cons: "Took. For. Ever. To board. And. Bagage took. Long. Time. To arrive. ." Cons: "The flight was delayed by an hour because one flight attended didn’t come to work on time" Pros: "Very comfortable bulkhead seats on upper level. Flight attendants taking care of every need. Fantastic service, good food, great entertainment. We could ask for nothing more!" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 Aeromexico7.4 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Calgary to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Calgary to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 17/12Sun directFlair Airlines 2h 50mYYC-LAS C$ 75 Search 7/12Thu directLynx Air 3h 05mYYC-LAS C$ 76 Search 13/2Tue directFlair Airlines 2h 50mYYC-LAS C$ 79 Search 19/12Tue directWestJet 2h 57mYYC-LAS C$ 101 Search 29/12Fri directWestJet 2h 57mYYC-LAS C$ 105 Search 17/12Sun 1 stopAir Canada 5h 58mYYC-LAS C$ 122 Search 9/1Tue 1 stopDelta 6h 51mYYC-LAS C$ 135 Search 4/2Sun 1 stopAir Canada 8h 18mYYC-LAS C$ 137 Search 13/2Tue 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 28h 09mYYC-LAS C$ 210 Search 22/12Fri 1 stopDelta 5h 55mYYC-LAS C$ 325 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesLynx AirWestJetAir CanadaDeltaAlaska Airlines Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 100 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 140 or lessC$ 330 or less Last minute flights from Calgary to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Calgary to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 3/12Sun direct 2h 50mYYC-LAS 8/12Fri direct 2h 57mLAS-YYC C$ 101 Search 3/12Sun multi-stop 9h 21mYYC-LAS 7/12Thu direct 2h 45mLAS-YYC C$ 144 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 12h 08mYYC-LAS 12/12Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 16h 59mLAS-YYC C$ 334 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 55mYYC-LAS 12/12Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 13h 42mLAS-YYC C$ 339 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopWestJet 11h 39mYYC-LAS 8/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 19h 20mLAS-YYC C$ 466 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 09mYYC-LAS 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 25h 02mLAS-YYC C$ 514 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 09mYYC-LAS 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 10h 58mLAS-YYC C$ 572 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 13h 25mYYC-LAS 9/12Sat directWestJet 2h 55mLAS-YYC C$ 651 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 28h 56mYYC-LAS 12/12Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 9h 05mLAS-YYC C$ 1,064 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 24h 01mYYC-LAS 7/12Thu multi-stopAlaska Airlines 9h 05mLAS-YYC C$ 1,156 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAmerican AirlinesWestJetUnited AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by priceC$ 140 or lessC$ 340 or lessC$ 510 or lessC$ 650 or lessC$ 1,160 or less Calgary - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Calgary (YYC)Canada Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Calgary Cabin classes: First Class flights to Las Vegas Business Class flights to Las Vegas C$ 962 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas C$ 138 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Alberta » Calgary C$ 126Flights from Calgary to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas C$ 126Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Victoria Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to Halifax Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Calgary. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Las Vegas from Calgary. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.