Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Denver from $33 | (LAX - DEN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - DEN Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Denver from $33 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel sáb. 12/30 sáb. 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Denver These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Denver. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Denver. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Denver?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to Denver that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:00 am - 10:46 amLAX-DEN 3h 46m1 stop 8:57 pm - 9:15 amDEN-LAX 13h 18m1 stop $65Spirit Airlines Find Deal mar., dic. 12 - mié., dic. 13 9:41 pm - 10:46 amLAX-DEN 12h 05m1 stop 11:40 am - 10:43 pmDEN-LAX 12h 03m1 stop $66Spirit Airlines Find Deal lun., dic. 11 - lun., dic. 18 1:55 pm - 8:07 pmLAX-DEN 5h 12m1 stop 10:48 pm - 6:23 amDEN-LAX 8h 35m1 stop $67Spirit Airlines Find Deal mié., dic. 13 - lun., dic. 18 11:36 pm - 3:54 amLAX-DEN 27h 18m1 stop 3:24 pm - 8:26 pmDEN-LAX 6h 02m1 stop $81 Find Deal dom., dic. 10 - mar., dic. 12 7:13 am - 2:05 pmLAX-DEN 5h 52m1 stop 6:55 pm - 11:26 pmDEN-LAX 5h 31m1 stop $84 Find Deal sáb., ene. 6 - mié., ene. 10 7:20 pm - 10:50 pmLAX-DEN 2h 30mnonstop 1:08 pm - 2:41 pmDEN-LAX 2h 33mnonstop $160Delta Find Deal jue., ene. 4 - mié., ene. 10 4:12 pm - 10:42 pmLAX-DEN 5h 30m1 stop 3:50 pm - 5:20 pmDEN-LAX 2h 30mnonstop $170United Airlines Find Deal vie., feb. 2 - dom., feb. 4 7:20 pm - 10:50 pmLAX-DEN 2h 30mnonstop 2:31 pm - 10:40 pmDEN-LAX 9h 09m1 stop $173Delta Find Deal jue., ene. 4 - mié., ene. 10 3:59 pm - 11:34 pmLAX-DEN 6h 35m1 stop 6:30 am - 12:49 pmDEN-LAX 7h 19m1 stop $219Alaska Airlines Find Deal vie., ene. 19 - lun., ene. 22 7:01 pm - 10:30 pmLAX-DEN 2h 29mnonstop 5:35 pm - 7:10 pmDEN-LAX 2h 35mnonstop $220United Airlines Find Deal vie., feb. 2 - dom., feb. 11 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to Denver - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to Denver to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to Denver? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to Denver clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Los Angeles to Denver, you should consider leaving on a Wednesday and avoid Sundays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Los Angeles, you’ll find the best rates on Tuesdays and the most expensive ones on Sundays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to Denver? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to Denver is January, where tickets cost $163 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $298 and $268 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to Denver? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to Denver, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 28 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to Denver? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Los Angeles to Denver were found on Spirit Airlines ($65) and Delta ($160). Spirit Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $33. Which airlines fly most frequently between Los Angeles and Denver? United Airlines (6 flights per day), Southwest (5 flights per day), and American Airlines (one flight per day) are the most frequent flyers of this route. Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and Denver? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to Denver. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Los Angeles to Denver. They are: American Airlines, Delta, Southwest and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Delta at $99 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Delta. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and Denver per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 20 nonstop flights that take off from Los Angeles and land in Denver, with an average flight time of 2h 24m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 102 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and Denver? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to Denver take? Direct flights cover the 860 miles separating Los Angeles to Denver in about 2h 18m. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to Denver? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 5:00 am and will be landing in Denver at 8:29 am. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to Denver? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to Denver jets off at 10:05 pm and lands at 1:25 am. Good to know Low season October High season December Cheapest flight $33 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 10% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 4% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Denver When to book flights from Los Angeles to Denver Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to Denver based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to Denver How do I get from Denver International Airport (DEN) to the Denver Museum of Nature & Science? Denver International Airport (DEN) and the Denver Museum of Nature & Science sit about 16 miles from each other. There are various transport options to get you there. However, buses provide a cheaper option, especially for those keen to save money. Hop onto Line 40 bus and get to the museum after approximately 50min. Furthermore, you can choose to take a taxi which is quicker, getting there after about 27min. What attractions are there at Denver International Airport (DEN)? In case you arrive at Denver International Airport (DEN) earlier than your scheduled departure, spare some time and experience the murals mounted inside the airport terminals. They’re found at Jeppesen Terminal, level 5. Named “In Peace and Harmony with Nature,” this specific mural seeks to highlight issues surrounding environmental degradation and the need to conserve it. Are there any services for passengers with limited mobility at DEN upon their arrival? Hidden Disabilities Sunflower Network offers particular services to passengers with disabilities and persons with mobility limitations at DEN. Also, there’s reserved parking in Jeppesen Terminal, on garage levels 1, 2, 4 and 5 for those with cars with disability stickers. In addition, there are trained professional agents and interpreter services to aid blind passengers through the terminals. Are there lounges at Denver International Airport (DEN)? DEN boasts several lounges, operated by multiple airlines such as American Airlines, Admirals Club, United Club and Delta Sky Club. Although priority access is for members and those with special cards, any passengers can access them at a reduced cost. Does Denver International Airport have pet relief areas? If you are traveling with a pet or service animal, make sure to stop by one of the several relief areas located at Denver International Airport. There are indoor relief areas located in Terminals A, B, and C, and each of them contains artificial turf, sinks, a drainage system, and waste removal bags. What are some good hotels near Denver International Airport? The Westin is a chic 4-star hotel that is directly connected to Denver International Airport and only a 10-minute drive from the Rocky Mountains. The Best Western Plus is a budget-friendly choice that is directly across the street from the airport and a 20-minute drive from the Denver Botanic Gardens. What dining options are there at Denver International Airport? If you would like to grab a bite to eat after your flight has landed, browse through the different dining options at Denver International Airport. The Aviator's Sports Bar & Bar-B-Que is located near Gate B and serves an American-style menu, while the Boulder Beer Tap House is in the Jeppesen Terminal and has a large selection of craft beers. How do I travel from Denver International Airport to downtown Denver? The quickest way to travel from Denver International Airport to downtown Denver is by rental car or taxi, which will take approximately 40 minutes without any additional traffic or bad weather. However, you can also opt to use public transportation, such as the local bus, which will take 45 minutes to an hour. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and Denver? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Los Angeles to Denver. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to Denver? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to Denver flight route: American Airlines, Delta, Alaska Airlines, JetBlue, Cape Air, United Airlines, and Lufthansa. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to Denver? The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to Denver flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to Denver? oneworld, Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and Denver, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to Denver? There are nonstop flights from Los Angeles to Denver on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to Denver, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to Denver are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $278 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $228 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Denver? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Denver. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Denver? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Denver from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Denver? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Denver with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and DEN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Denver? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Denver from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to Denver Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $164 or less one-way and $268 or less round-trip. Travelers on American Airlines from Los Angeles International Airport to Denver International Airport (DEN) should keep in mind that the carrier has a hub at DEN and lounges in Airside, Concourse A, north end of the A gates. You’ll arrive at Terminals West, Concourse C at DEN. Passengers on this carrier get priority services at the clearance counter under the fast lane program. Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) features several lounges run by multiple airlines such as Qantas International First-Class Lounge, Star Alliance Lounge and United Club Lounge. Also, economy class passengers can access the lounges if they pay for a day pass. However, members and holders of respective credit cards have unlimited access. If you’re traveling with your kids via Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), you should know that the establishment offers rooms dedicated to lactating and nursing moms. The rooms are situated in Terminal 5 post-security. You’ll also find sinks, chairs and electrical outlets at your disposal. Travelers who will be arriving late at Denver International Airport (DEN) from Los Angeles International Airport should consider spending a night in one of the hotels near this facility. Several hotels are just steps away from DEN. They include Embassy Suites by Hilton Denver International Airport and Residence Inn by Marriott Denver Airport/Convention Center. While waiting at Los Angeles﻿ International Airport (LAX) for your flight to Denver International Airport, there are many ways to relax. You can locate XpresSpa massage parlors in Terminal 5, near Gate 56. Services include manicures, pedicures, waxing, and facials. If you’re interested in flights from Los Angeles to Denver, there are two primary airports that you can depart from. While Los Angeles International Airport is the largest choice and most convenient for travelers leaving from the city center, Hollywood Burbank Airport is a smaller choice that is popular amongst those leaving from the northern Greater Los Angeles area. Hoping to kill some time before your flight leaves by relaxing in a lounge? Consider booking your ticket with one of the airlines that has a private lounge in Los Angeles International Airport, such as Delta, United, or Virgin America. These companies often offer complimentary or reduced price access passes for their passengers. For those that would like their flight from Los Angeles to Denver to be direct, there are several airlines that you can choose from. Frontier and United are known for offering particularly budget-friendly tickets, while Delta and Southwest have some additional amenities for their passengers, such as free snacks and checked bags. To do some shopping before your flight leaves from Hollywood Burbank Airport, make sure to stop by the many stores located in the Departures terminal. There are three separate Hudson News Gift Shops, as well as several souvenir stores that sell local goods, such as t-shirts and food items. If you’re traveling from Los Angeles to Denver for business-related reasons, stop by the state-of-the-art business center that is located in Terminal B of Denver International Airport. This center provides travelers with a quiet space to work, high-speed WiFi, and access to printing and copying services. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to Denver Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to Denver Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to Denver Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Tuesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +23 more ANA, Aeromexico, +24 more 22 23 Wednesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Thursday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +24 more ANA, Aeromexico, +25 more 23 24 Friday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Saturday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +26 more ANA, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Sunday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Denver Intl to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +27 more ANA, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Tuesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Wednesday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +27 more ANA, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Thursday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +25 more ANA, Aeromexico, +26 more 24 25 Friday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +27 more ANA, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Saturday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +27 more ANA, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Sunday ANA, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +26 more ANA, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to Denver See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to Denver. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Denver? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29975 reviews 88crew 79food 85overall 82comfort 85boarding 78entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "The seat was nice." Cons: "Offered water or Orange juice in a can due to a short flight. I may recommend no canned orange juice, due to the quality ingredients and something more freshly squeezed for health benefits. And offers coffee or tea."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "The seat was nice." Cons: "Offered water or Orange juice in a can due to a short flight. I may recommend no canned orange juice, due to the quality ingredients and something more freshly squeezed for health benefits. And offers coffee or tea." Pros: "Good crew, did a good job making us feel good for a delayed late night flight." Cons: "For some reason air was never turned on. Air only seemed to flow once we were moving but sitting at the gate and once back on the ground taxing it got very hot again." Pros: "Comfortable seats and smooth red-eye transcontinental flight." Cons: "If there weren't a 15-minute delay due to maintenance." Pros: "Even though I was in Group C, I was one of the first to board (Groups A, B, and C were called to board all at once). Since the gate agent said the flight was full and there would be limited space for carry-on bags, being one of the first on the plane was nice. The leg room (I'm 6'2") was good." Cons: "The crew only did one pass through the cabin with soft drinks. Perhaps because it was a red-eye? Anyway, on a nearly 5 hour flight, I would have liked more than one small cup of refreshment." Pros: "The two member of the crew were very welcoming and kept a very good sense of professionalism along with adjustments to every passenger. I can consider myself a frequent flyer and it’s relieving to have a crew like that." Cons: "I would appreciate a quicker and just a little bit more organized check in and maybe some different snacks that will make an airline stand out." Pros: "Crew was amazing." Cons: "Seats are probably the most uncomfortable I’ve ever sat on." Cons: "Delay on takeoff and a delay on arrival. Flight Attendants never offered headphones for purchase to watch in filght movie/TV." Pros: "Super easy boarding and friendly staff." Cons: "I am 5'11 and my legs were literally touching the seat in front of me the whole time." Pros: "The only enjoyable thing about my flight was the couple sitting next to me." Cons: "We weren’t served drinks until nearly 2 hours in. They kept making announcements saying “it’s really turbulent and not safe” but I’ve flown a lot and we barely had any turbulence the entire flight and at no point was it unsafe. When it was calm they were hanging out and taking in the back." Pros: "Lots of legroom. I was in the middle seat and was very comfortable. The staff was excellent. Left on time and arrived early! Bags were delivered by the time we got to the carousel." Pros: "Delta is doing a great job keeping everything calm and clean during this pandemic!" Cons: "For options none. No drink carts at all. Had coffee once after I asked. Poor quality entertainment. Just a huge waste of money." Pros: "The seats were very comfortable even though legroom was limited in the basic cabin." Cons: "Delta delayed the flight from LAX to SLC, which subsequently made me miss the connecting flight from SLC to ORD. Completely unacceptable" Pros: "The crew on the airplane was great. We had 2.5 hours turbulences but the crew started to give out drinks as soon they got the ok from the pilot" Cons: "We went in LGA to the Baggage drop off and the employee there was super rude. On the flight to New York with Delta we had to check our carry ons at the gate because it wasn't enough room for bags in the airplane.so we asked when we checked our one suitcase if we can/should check our carry ons to avoid having to do it at the gate. The delta employee told me sure no problem. He checks in my one suitcase I purchased gives me the tracking paper and says ok have a good flight. I asked him so what is with our carry ons and he told us that that would cost 25$ and we can't check those in at the drop off?!?We ended up taking the carry ons with to the gate and then off course there wasn't enough room on the airplane that we had to check it in. And surprise it was free?? We had never issues with Lufthansa, icelandair etc. with checking our bags at drop off to not needing to carry it around and than still end up to check it at the airplane. Every airline has been more than happy that we volunteer to check our bags that they don't have the trouble at the gate." Pros: "We boarded close to on time, no hassles. Allowed my husband and me (retired military) to board early, thank you." Cons: "LAX security is awful. We never left the airport (arrived LAX from Sydney AU) yet were forced thru security again. Had to remove shoes, was scanned and "frisked" by TSA to get to Denver. To go to Australia, Denver TSA waived the removal of shoes, skipped the scan for the metal detector and no one touched me, ditto for LAX on the trip to Sydney. Where's the uniformity or standards for TSA?? Why did I have to be subjected to this garbage on the way home?? This is why I despise flying. It makes no sense to me. This ruined what was a great vacation." Pros: "Overall, flight was great." Cons: "The couple next to me were a little on the plus size. A little tight for my flight. But I was ok" Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Pros: "The crew members were very friendly" Cons: "Coach seats still a little too small. Always bump the person next to me" Pros: "The staff really helped me out getting on standby so that I didn't have to wait for a 9 hour layover. Overall great experience and great staff." Pros: "Everything was well executed; friendly staff, clean plane, good entertainment options" Pros: "More seat room than usual—very nice. Seems like a new plane." Cons: "If the people boarding the plane had been more considerate! Some of them blocked the aisle for quite a while. The crew asked them to step out of the way, but they weren’t very responsive" Cons: "Entertainment app/WiFi was down. Apparently a know issue on this plane for over a week. Staff didn’t announce, you had to ask." Pros: "Our flight was delayed over 2 hours and there was ZERO notification from the airline - we found out once we were at our original gate. Paid substantial amount to check bags and for seat assignment......after choosing seats when flight was booked online! Crew and flight were fine but will not fly Sun Country again. Too much hidden BS!" Cons: "See above" Pros: "More leg room than typical coach. Allows a bag up to 50 lbs, not 40 like spirit. Much more doable" Cons: "Didn’t offer complimentary snacks like peanuts or pretzels, only for purchase. Baggage fees are ridiculous! WTH is happening with fees at every point of your travel. Outrageous" Pros: "Stewardess Alisa was very attentive. She realized my disability and did all she could do to accommodate me." Cons: "Seats too small." Pros: "It was fast and had nice crew members." Cons: "There wasn’t much leg room on the plane, so it was hard to get comfortable." Pros: "NA" Cons: "The flight was delayed by 2 hours and I could not reach MSP ontime due to which my career has had an negative performance impact. I am unhappy about the flight delay" Cons: "Flight Attendant skipped our row when offering drinks. No wifi, no entertainment, no snacks. Paid $25 to check one small bag." Cons: "We were an hour late taking off because the pilot waited for a late passenger causing us to miss the take off firm which I feel was unfair to the entire plane who all boarded on time." Cons: "There are too many announcements on the screen before you can start watching entertainment. It takes about 15 minutes." Pros: "Clean plane, fast boarding process." Cons: "No power to charge a device. This really is unacceptable in today’s world." Pros: "I loved everything! Best flight experience in a long time. Really easy, on time, great window seat, thank you" Cons: "Me probably. You guys were excellent!" Pros: "Horrible staff at LAX boarding gate. Been treated horribly by incompetent and rude AA staff." Cons: "Hire only friendly people for this type of job. Hire people knows basic math. Train their well on how to communicate with people." Pros: "The flight itself was fine." Cons: "The gate change was not announced on my phone app (changed from E7 to D49). I hate leaving out of Terminal E at MIA. There is no point to having TSA Pre-Check if you have to stand in line with people who don't have it. I have to remove my liquids and laptop. It's such a shabby, run-down terminal." Pros: "Crew was nice" Cons: "Not enough leg room. They did a gate change and I almost missed the flight because nothing was announced and when I looked at my phone app it had the previous gate." Cons: "Even though we pay exorbinant prices: The poorest selection of non-meat vegetarian food." Cons: "There was no entertainment at all, and pretzels are gross" Cons: "inflight entertainment wasn't working on my seat only which made my 6 hour flight seem even longer :(" Cons: "Didn't like the two hour delay, especially when I was notified only a half hour before boarding! This seems to be a normal thing for American Airlines." Pros: "The captain spoke clearly and have good information." Cons: "The flight was fully packed during this Covid time. There was zero social distancing in place." Pros: "The flight was great. No complains to the crew." Cons: "The drop-off bags at LAX is a mess and you have to stand in two separate lines to drop off your bag. First you have to print the tag and then go to another long line be with 2 employees only to drop it of instead of having one place to print and drop off at the same time. Poor system. Moreover while there was plenty of time my bag did not make it on the same flight. It will arrive on the next flight hopefully. I had to wait in another line for 30 minutes to arrange the delivery and verify all my information. I truly believe that to make a trip great both arms - the airport and the flight experience should be perfect. Unfortunately the ground experience does not allow me to give a higher rating." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The boarding process was chaotic and the plane attempted to land once, got about 100 feet from the ground and had to pull up. So we basically landed twice." Pros: "One if the bathrooms was closed and a second one had no running water." Pros: "They got me to my destination safely and the flight attendants were all very nice" Cons: "United is cramped and very cheap. They don't provide much in terms of amenities compared to a lot of other airlines." Pros: "Plane was clean and updated; pilots and crew sought to make up for lost time from late departure. Nice, wide seats." Cons: "Plane was freezing." Pros: "Amazing first time doing a first class flight and loved it!!! I would highly recommend it to my friends! Thank you" Cons: "nothing" Pros: "NOTHING" Cons: "My family was made to suffer due to United's inability to get all passengers off the plane in a timely manner. We all suffered for 25 minutes in a hot plane. We got nauseous from the heat . We ad to sleep on the floor of the airport in CO because we could not get a flight for that night. We missed an important Military graduation that is once in a Lifetime Experience. Your lack of customer service is appalling and I hope That I never have to experience that again." Cons: "Booked a cheap flight but United wouldn't allow us to carry on our federally regulated carry on bags because we bought an economy class ticket. Made our flight expensive and will try and avoid United in our future flight plans" Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Flight delayed. Missed connection. Had to be rerouted and what was supposed to be a quick flight to Tampa turned into an all day and night nightmare." Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Denver Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to Denver found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/6mié. 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 27mLAX-DEN $33 Search 12/19mar. 1 stopSpirit Airlines 7h 29mLAX-DEN $34 Search 12/20mié. nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 27mLAX-DEN $79 Search 2/28mié. nonstopDelta 2h 20mLAX-DEN $80 Search 2/28mié. 1 stopDelta 5h 33mLAX-DEN $97 Search 1/18jue. 1 stopAlaska Airlines 8h 14mLAX-DEN $110 Search 1/13sáb. 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 47mLAX-DEN $120 Search 2/28mié. 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 11h 59mLAX-DEN $122 Search 1/12vie. 1 stopAmerican Airlines 12h 14mLAX-DEN $205 Search 1/22lun. 1 stopAmerican Airlines 9h 47mLAX-DEN $229 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesDeltaAlaska AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$30 or less$80 or less$110 or less$120 or less$230 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Denver Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to Denver that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5mar. multi-stopSpirit Airlines 15h 10mLAX-DEN 12/11lun. multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 35mDEN-LAX $93 Search 12/5mar. multi-stop 12h 43mLAX-DEN 12/6mié. multi-stop 5h 22mDEN-LAX $94 Search 12/5mar. multi-stop 12h 43mLAX-DEN 12/8vie. multi-stop 17h 48mDEN-LAX $95 Search 12/5mar. multi-stopSpirit Airlines 18h 41mLAX-DEN 12/11lun. multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 35mDEN-LAX $109 Search 12/1vie. multi-stopUnited Airlines 21h 01mLAX-DEN 12/2sáb. nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 36mDEN-LAX $308 Search 12/1vie. multi-stopUnited Airlines 21h 01mLAX-DEN 12/2sáb. multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 02mDEN-LAX $358 Search 12/2sáb. nonstopDelta 2h 30mLAX-DEN 1/6sáb. nonstopDelta 2h 49mDEN-LAX $517 Search 12/5mar. multi-stopAlaska Airlines 12h 30mLAX-DEN 12/9sáb. multi-stopAlaska Airlines 9h 12mDEN-LAX $544 Search 12/4lun. multi-stopAlaska Airlines 20h 59mLAX-DEN 12/6mié. multi-stopAlaska Airlines 17h 59mDEN-LAX $549 Search 12/3dom. nonstopDelta 2h 31mLAX-DEN 1/3mié. nonstopDelta 2h 49mDEN-LAX $557 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesDeltaAlaska Airlines Search by price$90 or less$110 or less$360 or less$540 or less$560 or less Los Angeles - Denver Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: Denver (DEN)United States Return flight deals: Denver - Los Angeles Cabin classes: $549 First Class flights to Denver $653 Business Class flights to Denver $425 Prem Econ Class flights to Denver $178 Economy Class flights to Denver Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $66Flights from Los Angeles to Denver Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Colorado » Denver $66Flights to Denver, Denver Compare transportation modes for Los Angeles to Denver Average price Average duration Flights $696 2h 30m Buses $318 32h 42m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Denver flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Denver from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Denver from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.