Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Rome from $212 | (LAX - ROM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - ROM Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Rome from $212 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 4/16. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Rome These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Rome. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Rome. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Rome?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to Rome that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 2:00 pm - 1:45 pmLAX-FCO 14h 45m1 stop 2:35 pm - 12:30 pmFCO-LAX 30h 55m1 stop $464Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Sun, Feb 4 - Wed, Feb 14 7:55 pm - 7:55 pmLAX-FCO 15h 00m1 stop 8:45 pm - 3:10 pmFCO-LAX 27h 25m1 stop $466Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Sun, Apr 14 - Wed, May 1 2:35 pm - 1:45 pmLAX-FCO 14h 10m1 stop 2:35 pm - 12:30 pmFCO-LAX 30h 55m1 stop $494Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Wed, Feb 28 7:35 am - 11:25 amLAX-FCO 18h 50m1 stop 2:50 pm - 9:05 pmFCO-LAX 39h 15m1 stop $497ITA Airways Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Wed, Jan 31 7:15 pm - 11:25 pmLAX-FCO 19h 10m1 stop 7:10 am - 5:30 pmFCO-LAX 19h 20m1 stop $518Vueling Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Thu, Feb 1 3:25 pm - 4:20 pmLAX-FCO 15h 55m1 stop 1:20 pm - 10:26 pmFCO-LAX 18h 06m1 stop $526British Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Sun, Feb 18 9:30 am - 10:20 amLAX-FCO 15h 50m1 stop 12:35 pm - 10:58 pmFCO-LAX 19h 23m1 stop $527Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Wed, Jan 31 4:45 pm - 10:20 amLAX-FCO 32h 35m1 stop 1:50 pm - 11:42 pmFCO-LAX 18h 52m1 stop $532Delta Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Sat, Feb 10 6:55 pm - 8:45 pmLAX-FCO 16h 50m1 stop 7:10 am - 5:30 pmFCO-LAX 19h 20m1 stop $579Vueling Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Thu, Jan 25 3:25 pm - 12:15 pmLAX-FCO 11h 50mnonstop 9:15 am - 2:25 pmFCO-LAX 13h 10mnonstop $650ITA Airways Find Deal Mon, Mar 4 - Wed, Mar 13 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to Rome - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to Rome to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Los Angeles to Rome flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Los Angeles to Rome. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Los Angeles to Rome cost $474 and was between Los Angeles and Rome Fiumicino Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $622. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to Rome? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to Rome clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Rome on a Monday and more expensive on a Friday. On your return trip to Los Angeles, you should consider flying back on a Wednesday, and avoid Fridays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to Rome? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to Rome is February, where tickets cost $745 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,636 and $1,570 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to Rome? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to Rome, you should book around 5 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 5 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to Rome? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Rome from Los Angeles were found on SWISS ($326) and Vueling ($332), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Scandinavian Airlines ($464) and ITA Airways ($497). Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and Rome? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to Rome. There is just one airline that flies from Los Angeles to Rome direct and that is ITA Airways. The best one-way deal found from ITA Airways for the route is $739. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and Rome per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Los Angeles and lands in Rome, with an average flight time of 11h 50m. The most common departure time is 3:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 3 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and Rome? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to Rome take? Direct flights cover the 6,338 miles separating Los Angeles to Rome in about 11h 50m. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to Rome? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 3:25 pm and will be landing in Rome at 12:15 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to Rome? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to Rome jets off at 3:25 pm and lands at 12:15 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $212 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 30% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 49% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Rome Fiumicino Airport When to book flights from Los Angeles to Rome Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to Rome based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to Rome Is there public transportation from Ciampino Airport (CIA) to downtown Rome? Downtown Rome lies about 9 miles away from Ciampino Airport (CIA). Trains provide easy and affordable means of transport between the two points. After arrival at CIA, take a bus to Ciampino train station, about 3 miles away where a Trenitalia train will get you to Rome city center in about 15min. Which airport should I use if I want to visit the Colosseum? The Colosseum sits about 18 miles from Leonardo da Vinci International Airport in Fiumicino (FCO). There are various transportation options to get you there, including a bus, a train, a shuttle and a taxi. However, if you want comfort and privacy, a taxi comes in handy, with a travel time of about 26min. Are there car rentals from Ciampino Airport (CIA) to the city center of Rome? Yes, there are several car rental companies operating at the Ciampino Airport (CIA). Once you land, locate information desks opposite the arrivals hall. Keep an eye on the car rental signs if you’re a new client looking for a specific agency. Are there any services for passengers with disabilities at the FCO upon their arrival? FCO has an excellent reputation for offering services to travelers with disabilities. However, affected passengers need to pre-book with their airlines. There are elevators to assist reduced mobility guests, and toilets have disabled stalls for convenience. Are there onsite hotels at Fiumicino International Airport or Ciampino International Airport? Hilton Rome Airport Hotel is connected to the airport via covered walkway and is just five minutes away. Additionally, the Hilton Garden Inn Rome Airport and Best Western Hotel Rome Airport are just a few minutes’ drive away and both offer complimentary shuttle pickup and drop-off to and from the airport. As for Ciampino International Airport, there are a number of nearby hotels offering free airport pickup, including Palacavicchi Hotel and Hotel Villa Giulia. Can I fly from Los Angeles to Rome non-stop? Though nonstop flights from Los Angeles to Rome are available via Alitalia, they are much less common than one-stop flights. One-stop flights are offered by airlines like Delta Air Lines, British Airways, and American Airlines with layovers in cities such as London and Paris. What is the quickest way from Rome’s airports to downtown Rome? Trains, buses, and shuttles all connect Fiumicino International Airport to downtown Rome, making it very easy to get into the city from the airport. Buses and shuttles tend to be the cheapest options, while trains are slightly more expensive (though quicker). The simplest way to reach Rome from Ciampino International Airport is to take a shuttle bus from the airport to the city. Another option is to take a bus from the airport to Ciampino and then to take the regional train from there to central Rome. What facilities are available for families traveling with children in Fiumicino International Airport? There are two children’s play areas available in Fiumicino International Airport: one in Terminal 1 and one in Terminal 2, both of which are in their respective Arrivals areas. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and Rome? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Los Angeles and on arrival in Rome. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to Rome? Only Iberia offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to Rome flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to Rome? The Airbus A350-900 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to Rome flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to Rome? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Los Angeles and Rome. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to Rome? You can catch a nonstop flight from Los Angeles to Rome on on Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to Rome, Delta or Turkish Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to Rome are Delta and Turkish Airlines. With an average price for the route of $1,203 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Turkish Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $717 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Rome? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Rome. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Rome? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Rome from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Rome? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Rome with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Rome? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Rome from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Los Angeles to Rome Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $664 or less one-way and $756 or less round-trip. Passengers flying aboard ITA Airways from Los Angeles to Rome will be glad to know that the airline has a hub at the Leonardo da Vinci International Airport in Fiumicino (FCO). The carrier uses Terminal TB - Tom Bradley International Terminal (TBIT) at Los Angeles International Airport. Travelers using this airline enjoy priority services under the fast lane program, as well as access to the lounges at Terminal TB. There are numerous fantastic hotels within reach of Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), ideal for those with scheduled early morning flights. Spending a night near the airport saves you the hassle of morning traffic as you head to the airport. Holiday Inn Express Los Angeles - Lax Airport is a charming hotel around this place. Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) features several comfortable lounges run by multiple airlines such as Star Alliance Lounge, United Club Lounge and Qantas International First Class Lounge. Access is restricted to members only or holders of respective credit cards. These lounges offer facilities such as complimentary snacks and free Wi-Fi. Lactating moms transiting through Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) have a dedicated room for them to pump in privacy and comfort. The room is located in Terminal 5 post-security, toward Gates 54 to 59. The facility has a sink, a sitting area and electrical sockets to keep your gadgets charged. Rome has two major airports, Leonardo da Vinci International Airport in Fiumicino (FCO) and Ciampino Airport (CIA). However, as FCO is the largest, it has more direct flights from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). The excellent quality of the services provided to passengers, technological innovation and the functionality of its infrastructures make FCO the preferred landing destination for most airlines. Are the children along for the flight from Los Angeles to Rome? If they are like many children, they may benefit from a bit of play before the flight. The “LAX Beach” children’s play area in Tom Bradley International Terminal is the ideal place at Los Angeles International Airport for them to play away their excess energy. Additionally, the Alaska Lounge in Terminal 6 also has a small children’s area in it. Driving a rental car to the airport to save money on parking fees? If so, you should take note that Los Angeles International Airport does not have an onsite rental car center. Instead, each rental car company maintains their own separate rental facilities and shuttles passengers to and from Los Angeles International Airport on an individual basis. Travelers with flights from Los Angeles to Rome are likely to fly in and out of Tom Bradley International Terminal. It is one of the major terminals of Los Angeles International Airport and it also has numerous dining options available for visitors. Restaurant options include James’ Beach, Larder at Tavern, and Scoreboard LA. There are two airports serving Rome: Fiumicino International Airport and Ciampino International Airport. Fiumicino International Airport is located southwest of Rome and is where U.S. airlines fly into, while Ciampino International Airport is to the southeast and largely serves European budget airlines. Looking to enjoy a bit of luxury during your time at Fiumicino International Airport? The airport’s VIP Passenger Lounge is open to all passengers regardless of airline and features amenities like snacks and beverages, reading materials, and an entertainment area. The lounge is located in Terminal 3’s Boarding Area D. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to Rome? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to Rome, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to Rome Search Flights Monday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Wednesday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Thursday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Friday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Saturday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Sunday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Etihad Airways, ITA Airways See more direct flights Nonstop returns Rome to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Wednesday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Thursday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Friday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Saturday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Sunday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways Etihad Airways, ITA Airways See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to Rome See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to Rome. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Rome? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 77entertainment 78comfort 79food 82boarding 86crew 82overall Airline reviews A lot of things could have been better. They lost our luggage. We missed our connection from YVR to Naples when we arrived in Zurich and then we got re-routed to Rome and then Naples. We eventually got to Naples but our bags didn’t. Our experience at the lost luggage in the Naples was not at all reassuring. They didn’t seem that interested in our problem. I did a live chat with Swiss customer service and all they could do is tell me to follow the process. Meanwhile we’ve had to spend significant money on clothes and I have to replace medications. This has meant our trip so far has been totally different than what we had planned. It’s not clear that our baggage will ever show up which means we will have lost significant amount of clothing and other things and our two month trip to Europe will have more problems than good memories. So far we are not happy.Read more about SWISS A lot of things could have been better. They lost our luggage. We missed our connection from YVR to Naples when we arrived in Zurich and then we got re-routed to Rome and then Naples. We eventually got to Naples but our bags didn’t. Our experience at the lost luggage in the Naples was not at all reassuring. They didn’t seem that interested in our problem. I did a live chat with Swiss customer service and all they could do is tell me to follow the process. Meanwhile we’ve had to spend significant money on clothes and I have to replace medications. This has meant our trip so far has been totally different than what we had planned. It’s not clear that our baggage will ever show up which means we will have lost significant amount of clothing and other things and our two month trip to Europe will have more problems than good memories. So far we are not happy. Pros: "Entertainment" Cons: "I requested a vegan vegetarian meal and did not get it. I had to do with the regular meal which had a lot of dairy products to which I am allergic to. The space between rows of seats. It was really crammed in Economy and we are a petite thin family!" Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "The seats had such little cushion that it made the flight extremely uncomfortable." Pros: "The crew was really great and helpful" Cons: "Only thing that could have been better was ginger ale." Pros: "Good entertainment options" Cons: "two of the three phone charge ports were not working I think the passenger seating areas may not have been deep cleaned" Cons: "1.5 hour delay departing put a slight damper on this flight but otherwise it was fine." Pros: "The food was decent and on board entertainment was pretty good." Cons: "The boarding experience was terrible. We bought new lightweight International sized carry-on bags for our family of four and packed extremely light to keep each of bags under the 8 kg weight limit for carry-on bags. The crew required us to check them anyway! So incredibly annoying." Pros: "I do not know how to go about contesting his, but we bought 4 tickets to South Africa on Swiss air and Edelweiss via Zurich. We received a confirmation email for two of the tickets but not for the other two so we assumed the other ones did not go through as we used two different credit cards." Cons: "We purchased the last two again and when we showed up at the ticket counted they let us know that we bought 6 tickets!!!!!!!! We would like to be reimbursed for the two tickets we did not receive the confirmation emails for. How can we go about it?" Pros: "Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Hand carry was checked 3 different times. Goes to show that Swiss staff doesn’t trust its colleagues to determine if the bag passes muster." Pros: "The space of the seat is wide. Nice chocolate." Cons: "First, they announced that they need some passengers to voluntarily give up the booking in exchange for 280 refunds (a slightly higher rate which not worth to do it) and 1 stopover the fight to Rome which will arrive at 22.00 instead (our flight is 17.35). About 15 minutes before boarding time, they announced flight delaying. Around 17.45, they announced gate changing from B to A which located at opposite side of the the airport so all passengers run there because of everyone afraid that their booking might be canceled because no one agrees to give up. At both gates, many people try to jump in the queue which no staff comes in the manage the queue. During waiting on the board, the air condition seems to be closed, hard to breathe. Around 19.00, the plane took off the Zurich airport eventually, finish the 1.5 hours delay. The captain announced that it cause by the technical problem of the flight earlier but my thinking it cause from over-booking." Pros: "The seats were very comfortable even though legroom was limited in the basic cabin." Cons: "Delta delayed the flight from LAX to SLC, which subsequently made me miss the connecting flight from SLC to ORD. Completely unacceptable" Pros: "Overall, flight was great." Cons: "The couple next to me were a little on the plus size. A little tight for my flight. But I was ok" Pros: "I did not like nothing" Cons: "Custom took for ever they only had 2 agents working and I Missed my fight to nyc" Cons: "Sat on the runway for over an hour to get the gate. Unacceptable." Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Pros: "The attendant was most helpful. Because the flight was not full, she allowed us to sit in the exit row, window and aisle, with no one between. I'm a tall person, so the extra leg room was deeply appreciated. I give her and the airline high marks." Pros: "The crew members were very friendly" Cons: "Coach seats still a little too small. Always bump the person next to me" Cons: "Due to the earthquakes, the film festival I was going to was cancelled. Ten days prior to the flight I called AeroMexico to cancel and they said there would be a cancellation penalty, which was fine. When I tried to redeem my credit, they said there was also an additional "No-show fee" even though I called to cancel 10 days prior, which left a total of $70 credit after all their penalties. I called and emailed to complain but they did nothing but pass me to someone else who was equally unhelpful. I will never fly AeroMexico for any reason in the future." Pros: "We were not happy with our flight my flight got cancelled 3 times I miss work they need to reimburse us and also reimburses the hotel cuz we had to stay at a hotel because they cancelled our flight three times and then our flight that we went out on Monday was late because of a flight attendant arriving late to the hotel to the airport" Cons: "During flight after first meal the cabin temperature is way to cold. Then it gets warmer but later, second half of the flight the air gets very cold again so it’s difficult to have a good sleep." Cons: "Uncomfortable seats. Very uncomfortable ride. Everything else was good but it’s becoming hard to fly this way." Cons: "Plane was delayed and boarding was a bit confusing at the start but then quickly fixed" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Our first flight got delayed from lax and we missed our connection flight and they wouldn’t let us go on the next flight and instead we had to wait about 7 hours for the next flight!!! Also we got really bad seats on the other flight" Cons: "Flight was delayed by over an hour causing us to miss our connecting flight. Had to wait in the airport all night and no one from Turkish airlines did anything to help us or accommodate us during our unexpected overnight layover." Pros: "The food was decent" Cons: "Too crowded and hectic. Not enough leg room. (and I’m not even a tall person to begin with)" Pros: "Excellent service" Cons: "Food quality was not as good as on a Turkish Airlines business class flight we took a few years ago" Cons: "Missed the connecting flight because of flight boarding delay on the original destination. The airline did not accommodate my non-English speaking parents for overnight." Pros: "The crew were generally hospitable and courteous though not well informed. The entertainment choices were varied and enough. The meals were warm. Turbulence was well managed by crew and pilot. The toilets were clean." Cons: "Flight was late, leaving less time to board connecting flight. The blanket was too small. The food and wine were below standards. The leg rests were absent and not enough room to spread legs. The basket in front too narrow and tight to put in anything. The charging unit for computer/mobile did not function. No clear instructions or help to board next connecting flight either through system or crew." Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "Increase entertainment options but it was still great just need more latest music" All and all pretty good. It’s crowded but that is what flying is all about. But no complaints otherwise. Pros: "Crew was great, on time flight, clean plane." Cons: "Entertainments options were shockingly few. Honestly have not been on a plane recently with so few and limited options of TV series and movies. I was extremely surprised. Wish I had know and I would’ve had more options for my family." Pros: "Food was great, movie selection too. Everything was great except for I couldn’t really get comfortable to sleep" Cons: "Not sure how to make the seats more comfortable. I have some back issues though. However, some of my travel companions slept right through the flight." Cons: "I paid for the preferred seat .and i found that people beside me didnt pay anything when i asked them ," Cons: "Seats in economy section are very close together . There is not enough room for knees...especially for such a long trip." Pros: "Food and service" Cons: "Working wifi would be good. Better A/C. More comfortable seats" Pros: "Crew was great and professional." Cons: "Entertainment controls were outdated and confusing to operate. There were no charging ports." Pros: "The crew was amazing and the food was great." Cons: "Something did not go right with our booking so it took some work for the airline to get it figured out for us. Thankfully we had left plenty of time. But that was an unexpected stress." Pros: "Very personable staff. Food acceptable for airline fare. Ticket price was outstanding." Cons: "Paid for extra legroom, but very narrow seats not comfortable. Very difficult to sleep. Old plane--could not hear movies and unclear screen. Music sounded OK and choice was good." Pros: "Amsterdam airport and Rome airport were as breeze to navigate, even only knowing English" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Flight delayed for one hour which caused us to miss our train. We had the longest check-in queue in the world although we have already checked in online and had our boarding passes in advance. Snack on board was a poor piece of biscuits" Pros: "Seat was very comfortable and lots of leg room. Food was good." Cons: "Seat spacing is small, to the point that it's impossible to remain in the seat few hours without physical pain in your body" Pros: "entrance with classical music! staff was friendly. probably in top 5 flights" Cons: "nothing" Cons: "The crew kept the temperature in cabin at 26 or 28 degrees Celsius. Whole trip felt like being in the oven. I will NEVER EVER FLY AUSTRIAN AIRLINES AGAIN." Pros: "Very efficient and fuss free. Just what I was looking for from a short haul flight!" Cons: "The snacks are super small, which isn’t unexpected when the flight time is so short." Pros: "Arrival to the terminal was a breeze, and security was fast and efficient. What more can a traveler ask for?" Cons: "The executive lounge was a bit crowded. But if that is my only complaint, that’s not too bad. A well designed airport!" Cons: "Boarding was not organized at all. I was sitting in the front yet I got in almost at the end and barely was able to find a place for my handbags. Ut took way too long and people had to stand for a long time to board. Crew members were not up to par either. I had my earphones and was watching a movie and feel asleep. And everytime one them passes by, they will knock me awake. I was extremely tired and tried hard to sleep yet they kept waking me up every time one of them passes by, no matter how skinny they were! Totally unprofessional." Cons: "very rocky,, too confined for such a long flight.thank you for a good lesson not to go austrian again" Cons: "Boarding process was not easy to hear and it was unclear where the line for our gate ended and the line for the gate right next to ours began" SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Austrian Airlines7.8 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Rome Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to Rome found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 4/16Tue 1 stop 17h 15mLAX-FCO $212 Search 4/21Sun 1 stop 17h 15mLAX-FCO $222 Search 1/11Thu 1 stopVueling 19h 30mLAX-FCO $332 Search 12/6Wed nonstopITA Airways 11h 50mLAX-FCO $365 Search 12/24Sun nonstopITA Airways 11h 50mLAX-FCO $385 Search 3/25Mon 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 14h 10mLAX-FCO $402 Search 12/25Mon 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 18h 30mLAX-FCO $411 Search 12/23Sat 1 stopBritish Airways 34h 09mLAX-FCO $424 Search 5/2Thu 1 stopVueling 18h 55mLAX-FCO $488 Search 12/23Sat 1 stopBritish Airways 31h 13mLAX-FCO $501 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineVuelingITA AirwaysScandinavian AirlinesBritish Airways Search by price$220 or less$370 or less$400 or less$420 or less$500 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Rome Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to Rome that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat nonstopITA Airways 11h 50mLAX-FCO 12/9Sat nonstopITA Airways 13h 10mFCO-LAX $456 Search 12/2Sat nonstopITA Airways 11h 50mLAX-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopITA Airways 19h 02mFCO-LAX $461 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopIberia 16h 00mLAX-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopIberia 18h 29mFCO-LAX $468 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 17h 10mLAX-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 35h 13mFCO-LAX $517 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 18h 00mLAX-FCO 12/8Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 17h 36mFCO-LAX $522 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 18h 20mLAX-FCO 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 19h 10mFCO-LAX $526 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 17h 25mLAX-FCO 12/8Fri multi-stopDelta 17h 56mFCO-LAX $527 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 18h 00mLAX-FCO 12/7Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 19h 30mFCO-LAX $530 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 25h 50mLAX-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopDelta 18h 47mFCO-LAX $532 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 17h 15mLAX-FCO 12/6Wed multi-stopBritish Airways 29h 10mFCO-LAX $1,157 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineITA AirwaysIberiaUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaBritish Airways Search by price$460 or less$520 or less$530 or less$530 or less$1,160 or less Los Angeles - Rome Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Rome - Los Angeles Cabin classes: First Class flights to Rome $2,773 Business Class flights to Rome Prem Econ Class flights to Rome $622 Economy Class flights to Rome Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $433Flights from Los Angeles to Rome Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Italy » Rome $662Flights to Rome Ciampino Airport, Rome $433Flights to Rome Fiumicino Airport, Rome Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Rome flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Rome from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Rome from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.