Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort C$ 66 (C̶$̶ ̶2̶6̶0̶). Orlando Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort Orlando, FLSee location 7.5 Good5,845 reviews Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 66 View Deal 153 more Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort deals 153 more Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort deals Pool 1/21 Building 2/21 Banquet hall 3/21 Bedroom 4/21 Gym 5/21 Pool 6/21 Bedroom 7/21 Living room 8/21 Lobby 9/21 Building 10/21 Building 11/21 Outdoors view 12/21 Bedroom 13/21 Conference room 14/21 Bedroom 15/21 Other 16/21 Other 17/21 Bedroom 18/21 Hotel amenity 19/21 Bathroom 20/21 Buffet 21/21 All photos(21) Bedroom(5) Building(3) Pool(2) Other(2) View all photos About Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort Resort Room Enjoy the many amenities of the resort Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi for free Featuring an outdoor waterpark of almost 20 ft², this Orlando hotel is just 3 mi from the Universal Orlando Resort. A theme park shuttle service and free Wi-Fi are available. Bright, colorful rooms with a 55-inch flat-screen TV and a coffee maker are provided at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort. A work desk and ironing facilities are included. The water park contains thrilling water slides, a jungle gym area and a small children’s pool. An arcade with video games and prizes is also open at Coco Key. TradeWinds Restaurant is open for breakfast each day. The Wet Rooster Bar and a convenience store are also available. The Coco Key Water Park & Hotel is 4.7 mi from Seaworld Orlando. The Orlando International Airport is 14 mi away. Read more Latest deals for Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Deluxe room See amenities C$ 68 View deal C$ 91 View deal C$ 92 View deal Show 10 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 99 View deal C$ 138 View deal C$ 146 View deal Show 10 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 169 View deal C$ 218 View deal Double room See amenities C$ 119 View deal C$ 119 View deal C$ 138 View deal Show 10 more deals Resort Room See amenities C$ 183 View deal C$ 243 View deal King room See amenities C$ 66 View deal C$ 133 View deal C$ 136 View deal Show 10 more deals Luxury Room See amenities C$ 122 View deal C$ 151 View deal C$ 159 View deal Show 3 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort Outdoor pool Water slide Fitness centre Restaurant Bar/Lounge Room service Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Coffee machine Coffee shop Health and safety Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces First-aid kit Enhanced cleaning Carbon monoxide detector Safe Services and conveniences ATM on-site Business centre Wake-up service Concierge service Entertainment staff Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Room service Tour desk Key card access Express check-out 24hr front desk Safety deposit box Basics Internet Fire extinguisher Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Air-conditioned Free Wi-Fi Linens Towels Shampoo Body soap Trash cans Conditioner Dining Special diet menus (on request) Restaurant Bar/Lounge Coffee shop Snack bar Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Family friendly Babysitting or child care Cribs available Kids meals Indoor play area Kids' club Playground Pool and spa Heated pool Spa Hot tub Outdoor pool Water slide Accessibility and suitability No smoking Designated smoking area Disabled Access Elevator Allergy-free room Things to do Board games/puzzles Game room Evening entertainment Water park Pool table General Family rooms Lockers Storage available Seating area Telephone Kitchen Kitchenette Tea/coffee maker Refrigerator Coffee machine Parking and transportation Parking Shuttle service Private parking Media and entertainment Cable or satellite TV Shared lounge/TV area TV Laundry Laundry facilities Ironing service Iron and ironing board Bathroom Hairdryer Private bathroom Outdoor Terrace/Patio Bedroom Clothes rack Workspace Fax/photocopying Fitness Fitness centre Show all 101 amenities Reviews of Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort 7.5 GoodBased on 5,845 verified guest reviews 7.6Couples 7.5Families 7.0Solo 7.4Friends Traveller type: Couples Families Solo Friends Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention water parkmicrowave in the roomfriendly stafffun for the kidsgreat locationpool areaone nightfront deskfree breakfastworth the moneyparking feepark and arcadeclose to everythingclose to universalgreat timelife guardsbed was comfortablenext morningbeds were uncomfortableresort fee Traveler rating: Poor (177) Mediocre (44) Fair (64) Okay (63) Good (98) Very good (114) Wonderful (330) Sort by: Newest first A 4.5 Mediocre Anthony, Feb. 2019 Pros:The waterpark was well suited for children of all ages. Cons:Cigarette butts on stairs, dirty exterior, leaky shower faucet, questionable room cleanliness. Honestly was disappointed. A 2.8 Poor Anonymous, Nov. 2018 Pros:The aquatic park but only works 6 hours and They close one area of water and open another, intermittently, Cons:Uncomfortable, the items in the room were dirty, the furniture and chest of drawers old and in poor condition, rust came out of the shower for the disabled. In my reservation, the parking was included and they charged cost for that 2 times. You should remove the resort title because it is not even a fifth of that. Pools open after check out (at 11 am). H 5.4 Fair heather, Jul. 2018 Pros:The water park was amazing! I went with two children aged 4 &6 and they had an amazing time! This was the only redeeming quality for the hotel Cons:This hotel is more in line with a 2 star motel. The building in the picture is misleading as most rooms have exterior corridors which would be fine had the neighborhood been better. There were signs out front advertising “420 delivery.” For those unaware that is drug sales. I was in a black hole for cell phone signal. I was told the internet was down in the entire area only to discover that was a lie and only my building was affected. The air conditioner was a wall unit that sounded as if it was going to take off like an airplane and barely kept the room cool. Mold on the ceiling in the bathroom. Drain in tub not working. No hot water in the shower. No blackout drapes... no curtains at all for that matter. The staff did nothing to resolve any of my issues. I was told to “deal with it.” The only reason I stayed instead of getting another room is the kids fell fast asleep within minutes of arriving at 10pm and we planned to be at the water park the next morning. A 9.4 Wonderful Anonymous, Aug. 2017 Pros:Very nice people at check in . Helped with everything. Being disabled sometimes is a challenge But this hotel can accommodate. Cons:At checkout they came by our rooms and told us we needed to leave and when we booked our reservations we confirmed a late checkout for one room. It was ok because we understood the hotel was at 100 percent .just wished we new so we didn't have to pack so quickly. A 7.1 Good Anonymous, Jul. 2017 Pros:Its in a good location but the park is over priced. The staff was friendly. Cons:The parking was not good. Especially at night. The breakfast buffet not worth 13$ for adults. I paid for the kids but the food was nasty! Biscuit overcooked and hard, juice watered down, need I go on. We checked in a 1230 AM and we were tired but I had Doritos crumbs under the pillow. Red juice stains on the other bed. Then I had to call to get our room cleaned with fresh towels at 4pm the following day. However, at check out they stalked our room. Would come back for water park only. Stay somewhere else. A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Jul. 2017 Pros:I love the fact that you are in walking distance of everything and if you don't choose too you dont have to leave the resort because they have on-site entertainment and food. The rooms are kept smelling good and clean. The staff is great as well. I cant wait to come back! A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Apr. 2017 Pros:everything is right next to the hotel literally everything is in walking distance Cons:everything was perfect A 7.4 Good Anonymous, Apr. 2017 Pros:I was impressed how many options there were to choose from. Cons:The staff was not that friendly and took their sweet time to do everything. Not professional at all, if it wasn't for my 6yr I would have left. A 6.0 Okay Anonymous, Apr. 2017 Cons:Was very loud and noisy late at night and early in morning people were yelling and banging stuff A 6.8 Okay Anonymous, Nov. 2016 Pros:We have a 17 month old who LOVED the small slides at the water park. The adults had a wonderful time going down the large slides as well! Cons:The rooms are very spacious but outdated. I can certainly tell they have taken short-cuts on repairs. For example, the ceiling of our room had been patched and the towels were paper thin and over-bleached. Location 7400 International Drive, Orlando, FL 32819 What's nearby Skeletons: Animals Unveiled1.3 km Universal's Islands of Adventure1.9 km Fun Spot America1.9 km Wizarding World of Harry Potter2.1 km Universal Orlando Resort2.7 km Orlando Premium Outlets International Drive2.8 km SeaWorld Orlando5.1 km Discovery Cove5.5 km Basilica of the National Shrine of Mary, Queen of the Universe8.1 km La Nouba10.6 km Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park11.3 km Magic Kingdom Park11.5 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 4:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort Low season November High season January Average price (weeknight) C$ 171 Average price (weekend night) C$ 260 Cheapest month to stay with an average 76% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 661% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort If you’re after a cheap room at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in November and October. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort, plan to stay on a Wednesday or Tuesday. The most expensive day is usually Thursday. The cheapest price a room at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 3,390, while the most expensive was C$ 3,390. How long should you stay at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 5 days. FAQs when booking at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort How can I get from the Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort to the amusement parks? The Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort provides a complimentary shuttle bus for all guests who wish to go to the Universal Orlando Resort, Aquatica and Seaworld amusement parks. If you wish to use this service, head to the Universal Partner Hotel Vacation Planning Center which is located in the lobby to get your boarding passes. The service is available on a first come first serve basis so you are advised to book early. A shuttle service is also available to Disney World but for a fee. Can I organize my kid’s birthday party at the Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort? The Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort offers some party packages that you can choose from if you wish to organize your kid’s birthday at the resort. All packages include access to the water park and $5 credit to the Arcade for each guest. In addition, the Splash Party and Wave Party packages also offer a party room for hire along with food and room decorations. If you don’t like any of the available packages, you can speak to one of the resort’s Event Managers to customize your own event. Can I check in early at the Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort? If you arrive earlier than the regular check in time at the Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort, you will be able to check in at no extra charge if your room is ready, otherwise you can start using the water park until it is. You will also be able to use the water park on your last day after you check out until it closes for the day. What services available at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort’s water park? The Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort‘s water park has towels available that all guests are welcome to use while using the facilities. In addition, there are small lockers available for hire on a first come first serve basis if you want to store valuables while you are in the park. If you have an infant, you will also find a family restroom equipped with a changing table and a shower. Are there height requirements for some of the water park attractions at the Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort? Some of the attractions at the Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort‘s water park have height or weight requirements. Kids need to be over 48in in height in order to be able to use Cyclone Slide or Bomerango, while only kids between 36in and 42in can go on Over The Falls, Surfer Splash, Minnow Lagoon and The Parrots Perch. Where should I book my room at the Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort? If you want a central location and a newer facility during your stay at the Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort, try to get a room in Building 6 which is close to all the amenities. If you prefer a quiet room, try to request a room in Buildings 1 to 5 as they are further from the water park area.(Prices checked 08/05/19). Where is Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort located? Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort is located at 7400 International Drive, 13 km from the centre of Orlando. Skeletons: Animals Unveiled is the closest landmark to Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort. When is check-in time and check-out time at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort? Check-in time is 4:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort. Does Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort offers free Wi-Fi. How far is Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort from the airport? Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort is 16.1 km from Orlando. Does Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort have a pool? Yes, Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort in Orlando and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort. Nearby hotels and places to stay ClosestSee more nearby stays Rental AAA!!h Amazing. Family of 4. Disney, Fun, Sun, Relax0.15 kmOutdoor pool, air-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 201+ Rental 2 mile away Universal Studio condo with 2 bedrooms with 2 bathrooms-16040.16 kmBalcony, air-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 245+ Rental Wonderful Stay! Pool, Restaurant, Free Shuttle, Near Disney0.18 kmC$ 174+ Rental Ultimate Disney Adventure! 2 Amazing Units, Pool, Universal Studios Orlando0.18 kmC$ 343+ CheapestSee cheapest stays in Orlando 2-star hotel 37% cheaperEcono Lodge International Drive6.3 Good (1,741 reviews)0.28 kmOutdoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Tea/coffee makerC$ 67+ 2-star hotel 29% cheaperTravelodge by Wyndham Orlando / Heart of International Drive6.2 Good (169 reviews)0.21 kmOutdoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Tea/coffee makerC$ 75+ 2-star hotel 24% cheaperBaymont by Wyndham Orlando/International Dr/Universal Blvd6.2 Good (2,834 reviews)0.35 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 81+ 2-star hotel 18% cheaperEnclave Hotel & Suites Orlando, a staySky Hotel & Resort6 Good (23 reviews)0.4 kmFitness centre, Room service, Free Wi-FiC$ 87+ Most recommendedSee most recommended stays in Orlando Rental Close To Universal Studios-Volcano Bay-Disney World-Fun Spotusa-Icon Park & More10 Excellent (8 reviews)0.38 kmBalcony, air-conditioned, barbecueC$ 358+ Rental Newly Renovated Suite, Amazing Water View Best Location to Disney and Universal10 Excellent (1 review)0.4 kmOutdoor pool, Kitchen, kitchenetteC$ 162+ Rental (2505) Lakefront Condo10 Excellent (1 review)0.39 kmKitchen, wifi, air-conditionedC$ 370+ Rental Studio near Universal Studios with great view9.7 Excellent (4 reviews)0.38 kmLake view, Outdoor pool, Hot tubC$ 176+ Good to know Value for money 7.5 Distance to downtown 13.0 km Nearest Airport Orlando Distance to airport 16.2 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Florida Orlando Hotels Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort Top Hotel Destinations Auckland Hotels Palm Desert Hotels New York Hotels Mississauga Hotels Toronto Hotels Boston Hotels Las Vegas Hotels Grand Bend Hotels Winnipeg Hotels Montreal Hotels Florence Hotels Halifax Hotels Kelowna Hotels Vancouver hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Whistler hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort discounts in Orlando with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort in Orlando. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort that suits you best. C$ 106 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.