Cheap Flights from Seattle to Los Angeles from $33 | (SEA - LAX) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SEA - LAX Find cheap flights from Seattle to Los Angeles from $33 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Los Angeles These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Los Angeles. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Los Angeles. How much is the cheapest flight from Seattle to Los Angeles?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Seattle to Los Angeles that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:40 pm - 9:36 amSEA-LAX 11h 56m1 stop 7:56 pm - 9:58 amLAX-SEA 14h 02m1 stop $64Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Mon, Jan 8 10:00 pm - 10:29 amSEA-LAX 12h 29m1 stop 12:35 pm - 9:10 pmLAX-SEA 8h 35m1 stop $66Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Wed, Feb 7 9:40 pm - 9:36 amSEA-LAX 11h 56m1 stop 4:16 pm - 9:10 pmLAX-SEA 4h 54m1 stop $67Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Wed, Jan 10 10:00 am - 12:49 pmSEA-LAX 2h 49mnonstop 9:05 pm - 11:59 pmLAX-SEA 2h 54mnonstop $118Alaska Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Sat, Feb 10 5:59 pm - 8:44 pmSEA-LAX 2h 45mnonstop 6:50 am - 9:53 amLAX-SEA 3h 03mnonstop $138Delta Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Wed, Jan 17 7:20 am - 1:15 pmSEA-LAX 5h 55m1 stop 9:05 pm - 11:59 pmLAX-SEA 2h 54mnonstop $143Alaska Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Sat, Feb 10 6:45 am - 9:27 amSEA-LAX 2h 42mnonstop 7:19 pm - 10:15 pmLAX-SEA 2h 56mnonstop $153United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sat, Dec 16 6:10 am - 8:55 amSEA-LAX 2h 45mnonstop 5:35 pm - 8:32 pmLAX-SEA 2h 57mnonstop $158Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Fri, Jan 19 6:38 am - 9:22 amSEA-LAX 2h 44mnonstop 7:00 pm - 10:00 pmLAX-SEA 3h 00mnonstop $160United Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 2 - Mon, Feb 12 7:16 pm - 9:49 pmSEA-LAX 2h 33mnonstop 3:43 pm - 6:31 pmLAX-SEA 2h 48mnonstop $218JetBlue Find Deal Thu, May 23 - Fri, May 31 Show more results Flights from Seattle to Los Angeles - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Seattle to Los Angeles to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Seattle to Los Angeles? The average price of all flights from Seattle to Los Angeles clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Los Angeles on a Tuesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from Seattle to Los Angeles. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Tuesday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Seattle to Los Angeles? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Seattle to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Seattle to Los Angeles is September, where tickets cost $153 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and November, where the average cost of tickets is $304 and $255 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Seattle to Los Angeles? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Seattle to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Seattle to Los Angeles, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 76 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Seattle to Los Angeles? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Spirit Airlines ($33) and United Airlines ($45). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($64) and American Airlines ($90). Which airlines fly non-stop between Seattle and Los Angeles? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Seattle to Los Angeles. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Seattle to Los Angeles. They are: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with United Airlines at $69 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at United Airlines. How many flights are there between Seattle and Los Angeles per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 17 nonstop flights that take off from Seattle and land in Los Angeles, with an average flight time of 2h 49m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 56 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 30% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Seattle and Los Angeles? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Seattle to Los Angeles take? Direct flights take on average 2h 33m to travel the 954 miles between Seattle and Los Angeles. What’s the earliest departure time from Seattle to Los Angeles? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Seattle at 5:45 am and will be landing in Los Angeles at 8:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from Seattle to Los Angeles? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Seattle to Los Angeles jets off at 9:25 pm and lands at 12:13 am. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight $33 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 12% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 7% lower on average. Flight from Seattle to Los Angeles When to book flights from Seattle to Los Angeles Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Seattle to Los Angeles based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Seattle to Los Angeles What are some amenities offered at Seattle–Tacoma International Airport for business travelers? The business center found on Concourse C of the airport has workstations and there is a conference center in the airport that passengers can access as they wait for their flights. Power outlets can be accessed in all concourses and convenient phone charger kiosks in the airport are located near the gates of the concourses. Where can I park my car at Seattle–Tacoma International Airport? SEA has a Terminal Direct parking option for either short-term or long-term parking on the fourth floor of the parking garage where you can access the main terminal of the airport directly using the sky bridges. The general parking is cheaper and located on the other seven floors of the garage, and for extended stays of more than a month, reserve spaces online ahead of time. What hotels are near Los Angeles International Airport? Hyatt Regence Los Angeles Airport Hotel can be accessed on foot from LAX and it also has a free airport shuttle service. Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel and Hilton Los Angeles Airport are other nearby hotels that offer guests a complimentary airport shuttle service. How do I get to Seattle Tacoma International Airport from the city center? You can board the LINK Light Rail system that connects the city and SEA. The LINK rail stop is located on the fourth floor of the parking garage and the trains run about every 15min. There are Public Metro Buses that have stops near the light rail station in the city and reach the airport’s main terminal. You can also use ride-share services and taxis found in the city. Does Los Angeles International Airport offer accessible services? Yes. LAX has reserved paratransit passenger pick-up and drop-off points with signs with the ISA symbol. Accessible taxis can be requested at the taxi pick-up stands outside the arrivals level. Wheelchair provision and service are available as per request through your airline. LAX has AIRA services accessible on mobile phones to help low-vision travelers navigate their surroundings in the airport. Can I rent a car at Los Angeles International Airport? Yes. Rental car companies like Alamo, Hertz, Payless, and Zipcar operate at LAX on the lower/arrivals level just outside the baggage claim area near the islands. Depending on your preference, you can choose any rental provider that provides a complimentary shuttle service to its main offices, where you can then finish clearing the rental details and pick up your rental car. Are there any direct flights from Seattle to Los Angeles? Yes. Delta and Alaska Airlines fly nonstop from Sea-Tac to LAX. Is Wi-Fi available on departure and arrival? Wireless internet access is available in all public areas of Sea-Tac airport and is free of charge. Under-seat power outlets can be found at Gates A, B, D, and S. When you arrive at LAX, passengers can access free Wi-Fi in the public areas of all terminals to make it easier for travelers to stay connected. What facilities are available for families traveling with children? The Playroom at the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport is open 24/7 and located between the Central Terminal and A gates. The brightly-colored room is full of activities for children to stay entertained before boarding their flights. Many restaurants at Sea-Tac also have children’s menus with healthy options. Is there a bus service from LAX to downtown Los Angeles? The LAX FlyAway bus service operates seven days a week between LAX and a number of popular LA locations including Hollywood, Long Beach, Orange Line, Union Station, Van Nuys, and Westwood. Passengers leaving LAX can board buses on the arrivals level in front of each terminal. Each bus is marked with its service location and tickets may be purchased using credit or debit cards. Do I need a passport to fly between Seattle and Los Angeles? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Seattle to Los Angeles? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Seattle to Los Angeles flight route: JetBlue, Alaska Airlines, Delta, American Airlines, Aeromexico, and Cape Air. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Seattle to Los Angeles? The Boeing 737-900 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Seattle to Los Angeles flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Seattle to Los Angeles? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Seattle and Los Angeles, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Seattle to Los Angeles? There are nonstop flights from Seattle to Los Angeles on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Seattle to Los Angeles, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Seattle to Los Angeles are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $218 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $163 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Seattle to Los Angeles? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Seattle to Los Angeles. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Seattle to Los Angeles? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Los Angeles from Seattle is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Seattle to Los Angeles? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Los Angeles with an airline and back to Seattle with another airline. Booking your flights between Seattle and LAX can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Seattle to Los Angeles? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Los Angeles from Seattle up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SEA to Los Angeles Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $89 or less one-way and $148 or less round-trip. Flights from Seattle to Los Angeles offered by Delta Airlines from Seattle to Los Angeles are more eco-friendly as they emit about 47% less carbon than the average 1887 lbs. of CO2 emitted per person on this route. Passengers at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) can rent luggage carts available in the upper and lower levels of all terminals at an affordable fee. There are also affordable private luggage storage services within the airport terminals that offer convenient pick-up and delivery services. Seattle–Tacoma International Airport (SEA) is the hub for Alaska and Delta Airlines. These airlines offer multiple flights from Seattle to Los Angeles with different departure times and flight plans that are not only affordable but comfortable. Flights from Seattle to Los Angeles usually depart from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. If you’re flying with Delta, you can wait for your flight to depart in first-class comfort at the Delta Sky Club airline lounge. Facilities include a complimentary buffet with snacks and beverages, free Wi-Fi, and business services. Two Delta Sky Clubs can be found at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport: on the rooftop level and the South Satellite. The Experience the City of Music Program at Seattle Airport showcases the diverse music culture of the Northwest to entertain the millions of travelers who pass through the airport. Activities include live performances daily in the terminals, videos featuring clips about Seattle’s famous music scene displayed on monitors throughout the terminal and baggage claim, and music-themed art exhibits curated by the Museum of Pop Culture. If you’re hungry before your flight departs from Sea-Tac Airport, grab a bite to eat at one of the more than 40 outlets. If you need to purchase a book, magazine or snack for the flight, there are more than 30 specialty shops in the terminal as well. Sea-Tac Airport has a wide collection of contemporary art displayed throughout its terminals. From photography, painting, and sculpture, the works reflect the Northwest culture and natural environment and have been created by renowned artists including Frank Stella, Louise Nevelson, and Robert Rauschenberg, as well as emerging local artists. For those traveling with pets or service animals from Seattle Airport, there are three pet relief areas in the Main Terminal building in the North Satellite, South Satellite, and Concourse B. These units are equipped with pet waste bags, hand sanitizer, a paper towel dispenser, and a trash can for rubbish disposal. With the exception of service dogs, all pets must be secured in their travel carriers in the Main Terminal. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Los Angeles? Find which airlines fly direct from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Los Angeles, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +28 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +26 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +29 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +30 more 28 29 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +27 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +28 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +27 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +28 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Los Angeles to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +27 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +26 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +28 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +28 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +27 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +28 more 26 27 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +26 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +27 more 25 26 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air China, +29 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +30 more 28 29 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Seattle to Los Angeles See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Seattle to Los Angeles. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Seattle to Los Angeles? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29975 reviews 88crew 82comfort 79food 78entertainment 85boarding 85overall Airline reviews Cons: "Correct information about time of flight. I was told that the time of my flight hadn’t changed though I got several emails stating it did."Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "Correct information about time of flight. I was told that the time of my flight hadn’t changed though I got several emails stating it did." Pros: "I made it safely to LAX" Cons: "We waited in the plane on the tarmac for an hour. My boarding pass did not have a seat assignment, when I approached Alaska agents at the gate, they were rude and dismissive. Arrived late to LAX. Alaska offers free texting & entertainment while in the air it didn’t work with my iPhone." Cons: "COMPUTER SYSTEM WENT DOWN HUGE LINES CHECKING EVERYONE IN MANUALLY AFTER AN HOUR DELAY MY FLIGHT WAS CANCELED NEXT AVAILABLE FLIGHT WAS 6 HOURS LATER BY THE TIME THE FLIGHT REBOOKED" Cons: "We where diverted to Portland due to the snow. I would like for the staff to have given us more info like what our option where as far as getting to our destination." Cons: "It’s one of those things that becomes so annoying when traveling. I choose not to store anything in an overhead bin, yet the moment the plane lands, other passengers jump up, knock us sitting patiently in the head with their overhead bags and then rush the front. Ruins the otherwise excellent exp." Pros: "Being in the service industry I completely understand how important customer service is! Alaskan airlines have asked their staff to use the customers name as much as possible. It was great to see that when I was borning my name was used. This was not an ordinary monotone thank you that every single person gets. The “ Have a nice flight and Thank you for flying with us”, was cheerful and upbeat and I was greeted with a smile. During my flight the customers names were used as they were asking to take orders as well as passing out food as though you were known person to them. I am not a regular flyer, I did not use my credit card, the fact that they used my name means Alaskan has a trick to the trade that others don’t.. I am not a regular flyer, I did not use my credit card, my flight attendants knew my name. What an amazing experience." Pros: "Excellent crew and service. The flight was comfortable and the inflight entertainment really helped make the flight shorter." Cons: "Had to deplane cause your pilot exceeded his flying hours. Can be easily avoided if you have better management and not cutting things so close." Pros: "Excellent crew. very friendly. No attitudes" Cons: "they were not ready for us at LAX. We spent 20 minutes in a remote corner of the airline waiting for a gangway so we could go down to the tarmac and wait another 50 minutes for buses. No gate, no buses, just standing around. Terrible planning for our arrival" Pros: "The short flight home." Cons: "Everything else. Flight attendant was making ballon animals while I was trying to sleep!" Pros: "The seats were pretty comfortable." Cons: "It would be nice if the flight attendant was a bit more friendly. Smile works." Pros: "Just overall solid experience, especially considering how terrible other airlines have become" Cons: "Although the space around the seat is acceptable, the seats bottoms are horrible. It feels like sitting on a bench seat. It really needs more cushion." Cons: "The flight was SIX hours late, yet passengers were told to check in at the original time. Why? Just to spend the whole freaking night at the airport? The reason for the delay was supposedly weather, yet flights from SEA to BOS on other airlines were on time. Staff were not helpful or empathetic." Cons: "More complimentary food options given it’s a 6 and a half hour flight." Pros: "It's so sad that passengers cannot be offered even water to drink." Cons: "Nothing to drink. But I really appreciate the spacious leg room." Pros: "The colors" Cons: "THERE ARE ONLY 1-2 STAFF MEMEBRS AT TERMINAL 5 JFK (busiest ailier in the world) for 309+ passengers an hour that’s not enough. I booked with you guys and paid extra money for worthless travels, but no. Never again with JetBlue" Cons: "Got to the gate one minute late and wouldn’t let me on" Cons: "My main comment is that the wi-fi didn't work for all passengers. One of the reasons I flew this airline was because they promise reliable wi-fi on the flight and despite multiple attempts to troubleshoot, it never worked." Cons: "Gary was his name. I went up to go to the bathroom, I had heard the announcement prior to that and no one had mentioned anything about seatbelts or staying in my seat. I made sure before I got up. As I get up he approaches me and said "you need to stay in your seat, began to shake his head,"they mentioned it like 5 times", he then said. I really dont appreciate the attitude. It's not what you say it's how you say it. Work on your attitude Gary from JetBlue" Cons: "The Seattle gate agents never said which flight they were calling and since neighboring gates were boarding at the same time it was very confusing and rather chaotic." Cons: "It was fabulous as always! Thank you. I love Delta!" Cons: "Delaying a flight by 2 hours for crew issues is ridiculous and even more do not alerting me to the change before I was at the airport. Terrible" Pros: "excellent crew, efficient and fast boarding" Cons: "Seats uncomfortable. Too narrow and I am a small person. Considering we paid to upgrade seats, they should be wider. Leg room was fine." Pros: "I liked the polite friendly staff!" Cons: "I wish you would give me more to complain about! Just kidding! No complaints" Pros: "They cared for the passengers, helped me with my baby’s bag" Cons: "Nothing @ this time" Cons: "We experienced a one hour ground delay at Sea-Tac which was unrelated to our airline. The pilot kept the passengers informed with timely updates, and we finally departed about when the pilot predicted we'd get away." Cons: "Compared to Virhin Australia crew, Delta staff seem almost poorly trained in comparison. For example, Drlta crew don’t check your pass, don’t immediately move down the aisle to move along tourists busy discussing their seats and then line up for Boarding seems chaotic at best." Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "Excellent service in most every respect! Boarding was easy, accommodations were quite ample, food was great, and the entertainment was plentiful." Cons: "Slight problem with making my seat into a bed, which wasn't fixable. Movies were good, except for the trailers before and after each, which seemed to take forever! Didn't get the seats my wife and originally booked with China Southern/Delta, but the substitution was quite adequate! Problems with checking in on flights, as neither airline seemed to be able to deal with this split ticket! But they tried very hard to make thing up to us, which goes a long way to making us feel like we are valued customers!" The plane is old and really small. Crew was great Pros: "The crew was fantastic and plane was clean" Cons: "My entertainment video player had a bad earphone jack so i could not watch movies or tv and resorted to paying for wifi" Cons: "I've tried to respond twice now with a long detailed answer only to get booted out of the page. In short you and Flyus.com are criminals that ripped me off for over 430 dollars U.S. will never use you again" Pros: "The one flight attendant that realized how shitty of a situation they placed me in." Cons: "American Airlines made me take all clothes out of carry-on, took my brand new AWAY bags, and made me stuff my clothes and other belongings into 5 plastic bags. All because they said my bag was illegal to fly on plane (whether it was checked in or not). Turns out they didn’t have to do that. What a crock." Pros: "We arrived safely The seats were comfortable We were on time" Cons: "1) American's boarding process seems to be driven by ticket price and nothing else. Every other airline I've been with boards families with small children first. It lets those families and get on board and get setup so that they don't block aisle access for everyone else. American seems to board based on how expensive your ticket was. So, the aisles get blocked and boarding takes forever. 2) The cabin crew gave pretty apathetic service. When our baby threw up on us, they just told us to go clean ourselves up in the bathrooms. They gave us a can of soda water to help clean up, but that was about it. 3) When my wife asked if the bread was dairy free (for our baby with a dairy allergy), the staff's response was to turn to another staff member and ask them, "Do you want to go back and research that?" In the end they just told us they didn't have time to look it up." Cons: "We are letting too many people with the flu, travel. This in turn is spreading it to other places and getting too many people sick. We need to control this more. I don’t have an option after spending all this money on if I can stay healthy or not, and that is not ok." Pros: "We missed this flight." Cons: "Background info: we flew from Dublin to Toronto (Aer Lingus) and we were supposed to fly Toronto to Los Angeles on American Airlines; however, we had a British Airways flight number for both of these flights. We missed our connecting flight in Toronto with American Airlines (we had a 2 hour layover) despite landing on-time (de-boarded a few minutes late). I suggest avoiding the Toronto airport ALWAYS as every passenger must pick up his/her luggage even if you have a connecting flight, and then re-check the baggage with the next flight. Apparently the baggage handlers were on strike and some of the customs agents as well which added to the delays. Well, after going through Canadian customs and picking up our luggage (which took quite awhile) we arrived at the American Airlines ticketing kiosk about 45 minutes before our flight. The computer told us we were too late for this flight and to see a representative. We proceeded to wait in line for an American Airlines representative only to be told this was Aer Lingus' fault (we had just flown with them); even though we had a BA flight number.. After searching for an Aer Lingus representative we were finally told they were probably all on the Aer Lingus flight that was currently about to leave. An Aer Lingus representative was paged to the ticketing counter (took well over 30 minutes for anyone to show up) and what proceeded was an argument (for well over an hour) between British Airways and Aer Lingus representatives about whose responsibility it was to re-book us. After an hour at least of poor customer service, we were finally rebooked by British Airways on the last flight to LAX (on Air Canada). Moral of the story: avoid Toronto and fly direct." Pros: "I would like if for my return from Paris to Chicago, Chicago Seattle I would be greeted by the personal and offered to flight first class without extra charge to compensate for the bad experience on my way going in. Thank you" Cons: "I was told I would be able to choose the seats only 24 hours before the flight by going online. I tried to choose the seats online but could not have access to the site. I then called the number provided to ask for more help, and was told that I could then only choose the seats at the check in time. I was at the airport 2 hours before the flight schedule to book my seat and was told them that I could only choose the seats at the gate. Once I got at the gate I asked the person to please give me a seat at the aisle for medical reasons but after waiting until the boarding process had started I was giving a middle seat. Not only I was treated as a stand by passenger that had not purchased the tickets I was put nt on group 8 and at the moment of boarding the gate personal aggressively grabbed my carry-on bag because they insisted there was no more spaces in the compartment above heads. Once I got inside of airplane I saw many empty compartments available for carry-on luggage. I wish I had not purchased my ticket with Iberia Airlines operated by American Airlines. It was not a good, pleasant experience and do not recommend. I wil certainly avoid in the future and not travel this way another time. Thanks" Pros: "Boarding was fast!" Cons: "The staff was not great! When I had just arrived to the gate, they had already called group 5 so I went up and presented my boarding pass and the crew made a facial expression of annoyance since group 5 was called and they were boarding group 7. When I entered the plane, one of the staff just looked at me twice without saying hello back. I said it twice and the same lady gave me a cold goodbye when I was leaving the plane. There was no entertainment!!!! Also, no plug to charge my phone that I had to wait to charge my phone after getting my bags to contact a taxi driver (Lyft)." Pros: "The flight was good crew members was nice and professional." Pros: "Very organized" Cons: "No issues, I found value for the amount I paid for my flight" Cons: "Service for people not able to sleep on the long haul" Pros: "Was your standard airlplane." Cons: "Plane was delayed due to a mechanical, then again because the cleaning crew didn’t do a good enough job the first time, then a seat mechanical, and then the truck used to back out onto the tarmac broke down" Pros: "I liked the fact that they were quick to respond when asked a question." Cons: "Lack of water. I was told I was only allowed 1 4 ounce cup of water from the galley per meal." Pros: "Nothing, and I’m a very agreeable person.... Always" Cons: "Every person employed by United is either overworked until the point of jadedness is issued with their first paycheck, or they get paid in Monopoly money. There were flight delays, and really I was good with that, but when I approached a staff member, he literally said “what do you want?!” Before I even opened my mouth. The phone lines are operated by someone in a foreign country. And after the flight caused me an overnight layover, they offer you a measly discount voucher for a place to stay. I can only hope that someone out there is getting better treatment than the poor people I saw on this flight, or at any united desk I attempted to get help from." Cons: "My only real issue was that, upon checking in online, I was informed that my boarding pass would be emailed to me. I don't believe it ever was. I checked all of my various email folders, including spam, and saw nothing." Pros: "Although I arrived a few minutes late, the check-in agent managed to get my bag on the flight. When I missed my flight, the agent quickly got me on another flight (with a competitor airline), with no additional charge." Cons: "The short (10 minute) boarding window contributed to me missing my flight (by a few minutes). Very annoying." Pros: "The basic economy check-in is a good idea. Especially to control the overhead baggage situation." Cons: "If you're going to have the basic economy ticket program, don't make me jump from Kiosk to Kiosk searching for a United Employee to help me when the yellow advisory screen pops up. I showed up 3 hours before my flight. There was no line. I had to wait 20 minutes for assistance. I can't imagine the amount of time to check-in closer to departure." Cons: "The flight was canceled because of the weather and then I have to wait more hours in the airport for the next flight.." Cons: "The gang stalkers that Kayak and United let sit next to me." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Seattle to Los Angeles Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Seattle to Los Angeles found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/13Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 10h 57mSEA-LAX $33 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 13h 44mSEA-LAX $34 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 18mSEA-LAX $35 Search 1/31Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 44mSEA-LAX $45 Search 1/16Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 45mSEA-LAX $59 Search 12/19Tue 1 stopAlaska Airlines 7h 22mSEA-LAX $79 Search 1/15Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 44mSEA-LAX $80 Search 5/26Sun nonstopJetBlue 2h 33mSEA-LAX $84 Search 1/12Fri nonstopDelta 2h 45mSEA-LAX $99 Search 1/3Wed nonstopDelta 2h 47mSEA-LAX $114 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesAlaska AirlinesJetBlueDelta Search by price$30 or less$50 or less$80 or less$80 or less$110 or less Last minute flights from Seattle to Los Angeles Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Seattle to Los Angeles that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 09mSEA-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 33mLAX-SEA $83 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 09mSEA-LAX 12/7Thu multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 40mLAX-SEA $92 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 01mSEA-LAX 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 10mLAX-SEA $138 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 13h 09mSEA-LAX 12/8Fri multi-stop 9h 47mLAX-SEA $139 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 7h 21mSEA-LAX 12/7Thu multi-stop 11h 40mLAX-SEA $142 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 01mSEA-LAX 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 10mLAX-SEA $148 Search 12/3Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 42mSEA-LAX 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 00mLAX-SEA $168 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 4h 57mSEA-LAX 12/7Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 56mLAX-SEA $187 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 4h 48mSEA-LAX 1/3Wed multi-stopAlaska Airlines 25h 50mLAX-SEA $326 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 4h 37mSEA-LAX 12/4Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 4h 59mLAX-SEA $331 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$90 or less$140 or less$150 or less$190 or less$330 or less Seattle - Los Angeles Flights Departure: Seattle (SEA)United States Destination: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Los Angeles - Seattle Cabin classes: $428 First Class flights to Los Angeles $209 Business Class flights to Los Angeles $317 Prem Econ Class flights to Los Angeles $90 Economy Class flights to Los Angeles Browse origins: Flights » United States » Washington » Seattle $67Flights from Seattle to Los Angeles Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » Los Angeles $66Flights to Los Angeles, Los Angeles Compare transportation modes for Seattle to Los Angeles Average price Average duration Flights $878 2h 33m Trains $200 34h 57m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Ontario Flights to Honolulu Flights to San Diego Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Los Angeles flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Los Angeles from Seattle. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Los Angeles from Seattle. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.