KAYAK: Flights, Hotels & Cars - Apps on Google Play google_logo Play Games Apps Movies & TV Books Kids none search help_outline Sign in with Google play_appsLibrary & devices paymentPayments & subscriptions reviewsMy Play activity redeemOffers Play Pass settingsSettings Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Games Apps Movies & TV Books Kids KAYAK: Flights, Hotels & Cars KAYAK.com Contains ads 4.7star 291K reviews 10M+ Downloads Editors' Choice Everyone info Install Share Add to wishlist About this app arrow_forward KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites at once to find exactly what you need for your trip, from cheap flights to great hotel deals and car rentals. Nonstop flight leaving at 9am? Sure. Pet-friendly vacation rental near the slopes? Yup. SUV rental for under $50/day? We're on it. Because we're travelers too and know that every trip is worth planning. BOOK FLEXIBLY Easily search, filter and sort your options to find the right travel offers for you - whether it's flights you can change with no fees, hotels, vacation rentals and car rentals with free cancellation, the cheapest deal, or the most comfortable seat. SAVE MONEY Get mobile-only rates and Private Deals on the app. Set Price Alerts to find out when prices drop, and use Explore to discover new destinations within your budget. EVERYTHING IN ONE PLACE This is more than just a travel app. Our Trips tool keeps your plans in order. Get alerts for flight and gate changes, access boarding pass on and offline and plan out and share your itinerary, all from one place. Use Guides to create, collect and share daily itineraries, tips and impressions along the way. COMPARE FLIGHT DEALS FROM 900+ SITES • Take the stress out of trip planning. Find flexible flight offers with no change fees. • Search with flexible dates up to +/- 3 days to see when's the best time to fly. • Filter options based on stops, airlines, departure times, cancellation policies, amenities & more. • Save your preferences to see your favorite airlines and hotels first (and skip ones you don't like). • Book at the right time. Price Forecast lets you know whether you should wait or book now. • We'll even show you Hacker Fares which pair together two one-way tickets for a round-trip flight (and save you $$). FIND A RENTAL CAR THAT FITS YOUR TRIP • Search from over 70,000 locations to find the perfect car rental for your trip. • Filter your rental car search by vehicle type including hybrids and electric vehicles, offers with unlimited mileage, enhanced cleaning and much more. • Risk-free booking: Find car rentals with a free cancellation policy so if plans change, you can easily rebook. HOTELS, VACATION RENTALS AND UNIQUE STAYS FROM THOUSANDS OF SITES • Compare all sorts of accommodation, from five-star resorts to holiday homes and boutique hotels. • Looking for a staycation? Uncover deals on amazing places to visit right here in the USA. • Stay flexible by easily filtering for hotel deals and vacation rentals with free cancellation. • Unlock Private Deals and exclusive mobile-only rates for even more savings. EXPLORE: Discover new destinations on your budget • Whether you have $300 or $3,000 to spend, Explore lets you set a budget and shows you where in the world you can go. TRIPS: All your travel plans in one place. • Keep all your plans organized in one travel app, regardless of where you booked. • Forward your booking confirmation emails to trips@kayak.com or sync your Gmail or Outlook account. • Use our Flight Tracker to stay up-to-date on any flight's progress, with real-time status updates, gate change & baggage claim notifications. • Check your Trip Stats to see how far you traveled, your top cities, and how many times you've been around the world. • Your traveler data is safe and secure - meaning you never have to re-enter your booking and credit card info. • Share your vacation plans with family & friends. • No signal, no problem. View your itinerary and notes with no internet connection. MEASURE YOUR BAG • AR measuring tool lets you know if your carry-on bag complies with the policy of the airline you're flying with. PRICE ALERTS: Never miss a deal • Let us do the searching for you. Create a Price Alert and we’ll notify you when the price drops. Download the KAYAK travel app now and get ready for your next travel adventure! Updated on Nov 29, 2023 Travel & Local Data safety arrow_forward Safety starts with understanding how developers collect and share your data. Data privacy and security practices may vary based on your use, region, and age. The developer provided this information and may update it over time. This app may share these data types with third parties Personal info, Financial info and 3 others This app may collect these data types Personal info, Financial info and 4 others Data is encrypted in transit You can request that data be deleted See details Ratings and reviews Ratings and reviews are verifiedinfo_outline arrow_forward Ratings and reviews are verifiedinfo_outline phone_androidPhone tablet_androidTablet watchWatch laptopChromebook 4.7 277K reviews 5 4 3 2 1 John Ray more_vert Flag inappropriate Show review history November 4, 2023 This review is for using the trip planner in the app. It is a nice idea but hard work to use, certainly from my mobile. I kept ending up with multiple trips and had to edit everything from my PC. What would have taken 15 minutes on a spread sheet took over an hour on the app. Another problem was that individual events were in the wrong order. This particularly applied to hotel bookings that used the check-in / check-out times. 12 people found this review helpful Did you find this helpful? Yes No Crust more_vert Flag inappropriate November 22, 2023 Went out of my way to actually give you a star. App been preforming really bad lately, slow and sluggish In the search bar it won't show you the country/airport you typed unless it's been searched before while the app was actually working, so basically you can't search new places or nothing if you cleared the app. Will change when fixed, but right now unusable Thanks 3 people found this review helpful Did you find this helpful? Yes No Christopher Mcfarland more_vert Flag inappropriate September 22, 2023 It's really mind-blowing how low of the prices the flights are for this app. What's even more amazing is the best deals seem to all come from this app. I've tried other flight websites and I stumbled upon you all, when I say absolute best prices that's exactly what I mean, especially if you are planning a trip in advance. Try it you won't ever be disappointed 44 people found this review helpful Did you find this helpful? Yes No See all reviews What's new Introducing passkeys, a new way to log in securely and effortlessly. Add a passkey to your existing account by visiting Profile > Account. flagFlag as inappropriate App support expand_more public Website phone Phone number +19783698170 email Support email android@kayak.com shield Privacy Policy More by KAYAK.com arrow_forward Cheapflights: Flights & Hotels KAYAK.com 4.7star momondo: Flights, Hotels, Cars KAYAK.com 4.7star HotelsCombined - Travel Deals KAYAK.com 4.3star Mundi: Voos, Hotéis e Carros KAYAK.com Similar apps arrow_forward CheapOair: Cheap Flight Deals Fareportal Inc. 4.6star Hopper: Hotels, Flights & Cars Hopper Inc. 3.6star Expedia: Hotels, Flights & Car Expedia 4.5star Kiwi.com - Book Cheap Flights Kiwi.com - Book Cheap Flights 4.2star Cheap Flights Hotels, Flights & Cars Booking by Traveldealo 3.1star OneTravel: Cheap Flights Deals W K travel, Inc. 4.6star flagFlag as inappropriate Google Play Play Pass Play Points Gift cards Redeem Refund policy Kids & family Parent Guide Family sharing Terms of Service Privacy About Google Play Developers Google Store Canada (English (United States))