Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda from $440 | (SFO - HND) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - HND Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda from $440 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/10. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Tokyo Haneda These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Tokyo. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Tokyo. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Haneda?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Haneda that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:19 pm - 10:15 pmSFO-HND 35h 56m2 stops 1:50 pm - 4:20 pmHND-SFO 18h 30m2 stops $849 Find Deal Tue, Apr 30 - Tue, May 14 8:32 am - 10:15 pmSFO-HND 21h 43m2 stops 1:50 pm - 4:20 pmHND-SFO 18h 30m2 stops $890 Find Deal Wed, May 1 - Tue, May 14 7:30 am - 7:30 pmSFO-HND 19h 00m1 stop 8:05 pm - 7:30 pmHND-SFO 16h 25m1 stop $891Hawaiian Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Mon, Feb 5 12:55 pm - 5:20 pmSFO-HND 11h 25mnonstop 4:25 pm - 10:32 pmHND-SFO 23h 07m1 stop $937Japan Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Fri, Feb 2 6:30 pm - 5:30 pmSFO-HND 30h 00m1 stop 4:25 pm - 1:45 pmHND-SFO 14h 20m1 stop $938Japan Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Wed, Jan 31 7:30 am - 5:10 pmSFO-HND 16h 40m1 stop 9:20 pm - 7:30 pmHND-SFO 15h 10m1 stop $941Hawaiian Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Fri, Feb 2 11:45 am - 5:05 amSFO-HND 25h 20m1 stop 8:25 pm - 10:32 amHND-SFO 30h 07m1 stop $960American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Mar 12 - Tue, Mar 26 7:00 am - 4:45 amSFO-HND 29h 45m1 stop 11:55 am - 9:25 pmHND-SFO 25h 30m1 stop $966American Airlines Find Deal Mon, Apr 1 - Thu, Apr 11 10:25 am - 2:50 pmSFO-HND 11h 25mnonstop 4:25 pm - 9:00 amHND-SFO 9h 35mnonstop $1,039United Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Mon, Jan 29 10:25 am - 2:50 pmSFO-HND 11h 25mnonstop 4:25 pm - 9:00 amHND-SFO 9h 35mnonstop $1,040United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Wed, Jan 24 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Haneda - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Haneda to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda Airport is October, where tickets cost $1,299 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,825 and $1,748 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda Airport, you should book around 5 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 24 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $891 on Hawaiian Airlines, followed by Air China ($936). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $551 on Hawaiian Airlines and from $605 on Philippine Airlines. Which airlines fly most frequently between San Francisco and Tokyo Haneda? Japan Airlines connects San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda with up to 3 flights per day. ANA also offers 1 flight per day, while United Airlines follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Francisco and Tokyo Haneda Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda Airport. They are: ANA, Japan Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Japan Airlines at $1,037 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at United Airlines. How many flights are there between San Francisco and Tokyo Haneda Airport per day? Each day, there are 5 nonstop flights that take off from San Francisco and land in Tokyo Haneda Airport, with an average flight time of 11h 29m. The most common departure time is 12:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 35 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 5. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and Tokyo Haneda Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda take? The average nonstop flight takes 11h 10m, covering a distance of 5,145 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Francisco at 12:20 am and will be landing in Tokyo Haneda Airport at 4:50 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda Airport jets off at 12:55 pm and lands at 5:20 pm. Good to know Low season January High season March Cheapest flight $440 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 10% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 1% lower on average. Flight from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda When to book flights from San Francisco to Haneda Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Haneda based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda flights What is the best mode of transport to the city center from Haneda Airport? The train, which departs every 38min is the most convenient and fastest route to go from Tokyo Haneda Airport (HND) to Shiodome City Center. Are there rental car companies at Haneda Airport? Yes, there are rental companies at HND airport. At HND, the vehicle rental agencies Alamo, Enterprise, International, National, and SIXT are among the most convenient options for customers. They are all situated in close proximity to the automobile pick-up areas that are positioned near the airport entrance. You can find your way to them by reading the signs that are posted around the airport. Are there hotels at SFO Airport? The Grand Hyatt at SFO is a brand-new luxury hotel that is privately run yet owned by San Francisco International Airport. The hotel has a prominent location at the entrance to SFO, right near terminal facilities as well as parking garages, and provides convenient access to U.S. Highway 101. Can I park at SFO Airport before I depart? At the San Francisco International Airport, short-term parking is provided for about $2 every 15min. Long-term parking costs about $24 per 24h in the long-term parking garage and around $36 per 24h in the domestic and international parking garages. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Tokyo Haneda? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Tokyo Haneda from San Francisco. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda? Only Asiana Airlines offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between San Francisco and Tokyo Haneda, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda? There are nonstop flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo, Japan Airlines or ANA? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo are Japan Airlines and ANA. With an average price for the route of $1,517 and an overall rating of 8.7, Japan Airlines is the most popular choice. ANA is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,610 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Tokyo Haneda from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Tokyo Haneda with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and HND can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Tokyo Haneda from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to Tokyo Haneda Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $741 or less one-way and $1,135 or less round-trip. If you want to use a lounge while at San Francisco International Airport (SFO) you can access one at Terminal 3, next to Gates F1/F2. You may enter the lounge's entrance through the elevator or the stairs situated on the second floor. After passing through security at San Francisco International Airport's Terminal 3 and Terminal G, travelers get access to the lounge. If you are a mother, you can access the San Francisco International Airport which features a number of private nursing mothers' rooms that are large, attractive, and roomy. These facilities are accessible both before and after passengers clear security in Terminals 1 and 2. An electric breast pump can be connected to a power outlet in the mother's room so that you can breastfeed in peace. There is a sink, mirror, cushioned recliner chair, and adorned walls with pictures in the room. There is also a changing table in the room. You can have access to an SFO pet relief area that is completely walled in and manicured, and it also has accessibility for those who are impaired. There is always someone to assist you at the Animal Relief Areas. Within the Haneda Airport (HND) Passenger Terminal, there are a number of locations where you may exchange money for other currencies. It is important to take notice that even money exchange facilities that are open around the clock will have to shut down for maintenance sometime in the middle of the night. Passengers who have reduced mobility may make use of a wide range of services that are available at the terminals at Haneda Airport. Customers with impairments will have an easier time navigating the terminals thanks to the user-friendly design that was implemented. Customers who want help may phone Haneda Airport Terminal Information in advance or go to a nearby information counter on the day of arrival, both of which are options available to them. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda? Find which airlines fly direct from San Francisco to Haneda, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda Search Flights Monday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Thursday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Friday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Saturday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Sunday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Tokyo Haneda to San Francisco Search Flights Monday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Thursday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Friday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Saturday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Sunday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Haneda See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Tokyo. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Haneda? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 86comfort 90crew 89boarding 84food 85entertainment 88overall Airline reviews Pros: "The flight attendants are the most professional and attentive employees I've ever had the pleasure to be served by." Cons: "The movie selection could have been much better for such a long flight."Read more about Japan Airlines Pros: "The flight attendants are the most professional and attentive employees I've ever had the pleasure to be served by." Cons: "The movie selection could have been much better for such a long flight." Pros: "The experience was really good. I’ll be using JAL again." Cons: "Keep doing a good job." Pros: "The crew members polite and nice." Cons: "To time the food service more evenly. Left side passengers were served a meal and finished before the right side was served food." Pros: "JAL services on the plane is great. Food is much better than other companies. Ice Cream after dinner is great. Flight attendants are polite and nicer than other companies. Interior of the airplane was newer and comfortable." Cons: "N/A" Pros: "The EMIRATES flight was nice. Japan airlines has good leg room." Pros: "Spacious leg room." Cons: "The food is average. Could be much better. Eg, serve eggs like omelette for Breakfast. Only one choice . The other choice could be Jap menu vi differing it’s s Japanese airline. Flew JAL 2 yrs ago too. Food was not good. Also , toilets could be cleaner. There’s always a pungent smell." Pros: "Food was great" Cons: "It’s 14h flight. I wanted more water. I had to keep asking but the size was too small... I didn’t want orange or apple juice...." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Everything. I will fly out from Narita from this point forward." Pros: "The level of care and attention that was given to my comfort during the flight was extraordinary. Also the economy was much better than any economy i've ever come to expect from other airlines." Cons: "The boarding I didn't know at first where to go to get to the gate. Having to exit and then re-enter the airport was a pain and further complicated my boarding. But that was not JAL's fault and is on SFO." Pros: "Very helpful and polite" Cons: "I got a sore but comes the seat was not very padded" Pros: "Very friendly staff with excellent service. Bottled water in every seat upon boarding. Lots of leg room, and love the outer earphones they provide!" Cons: "More movie selections" Pros: "The crew was very friendly, and I was happy to be seated in a 2-person row." Cons: "Nothing the crew could do- a lot of turbulence and food served past midnight!" Pros: "Fortunately plane not full and was able to use adjacent seat(s)." Pros: "Overall good, comfortable, nice and food and entertainment was very good quality." Cons: "I didn't realized we were on a code share flight from Seoul to Hanoi until we got to check in counter and they couldn't issue boarding pass even though it was a through check in for till Hanoi. In our booking itinerary it was printed as Korean air with a small print that said operated by jinair. It wasn't so bad but the hassle of going to another terminal to board and being in a smaller aircraft after a long flight wasn't the best." Pros: "It was great! The staff was very friendly and attentive!!" Pros: "The amount of times i was fed" Cons: "My seat. I wanted to upgrade and they said no, but it wasn't full" Pros: "Great service, good meals and frequent beverages at no charge. From the paper slippers to the warm wash clothes that were passed around at one point, I’ve never been better taken care of on a plane. Passengers comfort was taken into high consideration." Pros: "Nothing our tickets had to be cancelled" Cons: "Our flight was scheduled with Korean air. We attempted to check in multiple times with issues on the Korean air website. we called and they told us not to worry. Finally, approximately 12 hours before departure we wwere able to check in Only to find out due to the expiration date of our passport we would not be an allowed to check in. We scrambled to get an emergency passport, however by the time it was received we had already missed our flight. Korean air is not willing to aknowledge this as a fault in their system and is instead suggesting this is a kayak issue for allowing us to purchase these flights. I would like the total flight cost refunded as this should never have been allowed to be purchased if Korean air knew at the time of purchase when checking in there would be an issue." Pros: "Almost everything. I liked the very friendly staff and big screen for entertainment." Cons: "Almost nothing" Pros: "Good food" Cons: "Flight was about 13 hours long ☹ but that how it's" Pros: "Great service!" Cons: "More comfortable seats and headphone jacks on the end of the arm rest (I kept knocking mine out when I moved in my seat)." Pros: "Excellent service from the cabin crew." Cons: "The Japanese (Washoku) breakfast was not as good as I expected." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and the service was reasonably good." Cons: "Seats were not very comfortable." Pros: "Crew was good. The food was good quality." Cons: "Boarding took along time and then the plane was delayed, not their fault but it made the trip less enjoyable. Manila is a poor hub." Pros: "Food and entertainment has to be better." Cons: "In Chicago, the flight was delayed for almost 4 hours which in turn made us miss our connecting flight to Jakarta. Then next flight available flight to Jakarta was 24 hours later." Pros: "Service was excellent, landed on time, courteous staff and good food. Good selection of movies and programs." Cons: "If the seat reclined a bit more, would be nice." Pros: "Very polite crew, service oriented and smiling, help whenever they can. Flights were on time." Cons: "Food choices very limited, and quality is sub-par." Pros: "Courteous crew, delicious food and comfortable seats for economy. I was looking forward to the return flight!" Pros: "I had a "premium economy" seat for this leg. That was good, and the seat itself was much more supportive than most airplanes have. Crew was attentive." Pros: "The friendliness of the staff and that the plane arrived on time with no delays. Leg room was ok. My luggage did not get lost. Entertainment selection was good. Overall it was good experience. The landing was smoothly done." Cons: "Food was ok. Seats were not comfortable. Started feeling sick to my stomach because of the lack of sleep." Pros: "Crew was super nice and the food was good (for plane food)! Really appreciated that they had snacks and chocolate on hand for hungry passengers throughout the flight. A 17 hour plane ride is never the best, but Singapore Air made it as pleasant as possible. Also, we booked on Kayak and was routed through a third party vendor JustFly, which I was a little worried about - but our booking went off without a hitch." Pros: "Excellent crew and very well dressed and always smiling" Cons: "The lights were switched off for a very long time. That can be avoided" Pros: "I didn't like the trip much. After the trip we found out that our body was bitten by fleas. Our body is now full of rashes, every part of my body is so itchy. We was seated in 61A and 61C, seems like in the previous flight a dog was sitting there or some kind of animal that left fleas in the sit." Cons: "Please clean better the seats. This is unacceptable, not a good way to start a trip in Japan. We only hope to get better sitting in our last flight with SQ, from Japan to LA." Pros: "The crew did a wonderful job of anticipating needs and having all the little ammenities you could want." Cons: "They gave you a menu at the start of the flight but didn't serve any of that food, and the food wasn't very good" Pros: "Crew was polite." Cons: "For such a long journey, the plane could have been nicer." Pros: "Handset to control screen didn’t work. Airline reimbursed me with $75 voucher for inflight duty-free shop." Cons: "Aircrew took my carry on away while I was waiting to board saying it was too large; left me without the essential items I wanted during the 19.5 hours in the air and two plane changes. Other people were allowed to keep carry ons bigger than mine so I don't understand why they did this." Pros: "Crew was very helpful and courteous Entertainment system was pretty good Food was good. They could have given water bottles instead of asking for water." Cons: "Seat comfort in Economy was just ok. Since this was a long haul flight, seats could have been better." Pros: "The plane was new. The in flight entertainment system was good, although I never got to experience it fully because the Flight attendant kept switching it off, as I had paid extra (an arm and a leg) for a “bulkhead seat”" Cons: "The service was beyond awful! The Flight Attendants had a “could care less” attitude. I had special ordered a meal, and they gave me the wrong one. I did not want to make a big deal, so I just ate it. Then they did not offer any beverages when the meal came! I literally had to beg them to make me their famous “Singapore sling”. Shocking really!!. When I had my coffee, my request for cream and sugar went ignored THREE times. Finally they grudgingly gave me only cream, rendering my coffee undrinkable. .....And the list goes on. Never ever will I travel on this horrid airline again!" Pros: "Satisfied and feel good on Singapore airlines, definitely will consider next trip" Pros: "Flight is online" Cons: "Flight Attendants performed acceptable. They pushed the table cart and hit me twice without apologizing." Pros: "Crew was very accommodating!" Cons: "Just being in the plane in general. Sitting for 12 hours is really uncomfortable" Cons: "Service could be better. One flight attendant was sick but still working." Pros: "Service and boarding were very nice and smooth. Food and entertainment were excellent." Pros: "Seat is reasonably comfortable in Eco Plus" Cons: "Flight departed 30 minutes late, gate in SFO was a mad house with no practical lounge options for *G (must use UA Club in T3 which is a 10-15 minute walk). Please also give more than a thimble of water / beverages - serving sizes are tiny compared to US airlines." Pros: "Clean and efficient. Catered to our needs. Definitely would travel them again." Pros: "Food was great and the crews were helpful. They do offer snacks/drinks in between meals. For those who do not know, they do offer wine as a drink in the Economy class (usually red wine)." Cons: "Speakers are not good during announcement. I can barely hear it. if they can improve that, that will be great." Pros: "I enjoyed the movies, the food was good, and services" Pros: "The flight attendants were on point and very well trained. Decent legroom in Economy class and decent inflight entertainment. Flight on tune and boarding was seamless. Will fly EVA air again." Cons: "Food was decent but could have been better. Entertainment was ok but could have used more choices. Not much too gripe about though." Pros: "Food is great, with good selection between chinese or western meals. It was nice to have the menus printed. Flight attendants were very courteous and friendly" Japan Airlines8.7 Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Tokyo found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/10Wed 3 stops 58h 57mSFO-HND $440 Search 1/10Wed 3 stops 58h 57mSFO-HND $441 Search 1/11Thu 3 stops 39h 37mSFO-HND $445 Search 1/25Thu 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 16h 40mSFO-HND $551 Search 1/25Thu 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 19h 00mSFO-HND $580 Search 1/21Sun nonstopANA 11h 30mSFO-HND $713 Search 1/7Sun nonstopANA 11h 30mSFO-HND $722 Search 4/9Tue 1 stopJapan Airlines 16h 10mSFO-HND $758 Search 2/10Sat 1 stopJapan Airlines 34h 15mSFO-HND $762 Search 3/25Mon 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 30h 40mSFO-HND $853 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineHawaiian AirlinesANAJapan AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$440 or less$550 or less$710 or less$760 or less$850 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Haneda Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stopCathay Pacific 21h 50mSFO-HND 12/11Mon multi-stopCathay Pacific 22h 10mHND-SFO $850 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopCathay Pacific 21h 50mSFO-HND 12/8Fri multi-stopCathay Pacific 28h 05mHND-SFO $898 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 19h 10mSFO-HND 12/14Thu multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 16h 15mHND-SFO $1,042 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 30h 55mSFO-HND 12/13Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 16h 09mHND-SFO $1,268 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopANA 14h 53mSFO-HND 12/18Mon multi-stopANA 34h 20mHND-SFO $1,269 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 16h 00mSFO-HND 12/13Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 16h 09mHND-SFO $1,273 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopANA 16h 45mSFO-HND 12/14Thu multi-stopANA 21h 45mHND-SFO $1,274 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 21h 40mSFO-HND 12/17Sun multi-stopHawaiian Airlines 16h 15mHND-SFO $1,302 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 26h 05mSFO-HND 12/11Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 19h 11mHND-SFO $1,513 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 23h 13mSFO-HND 12/9Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 19h 45mHND-SFO $1,563 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineCathay PacificHawaiian AirlinesUnited AirlinesANAAmerican Airlines Search by price$900 or less$1,270 or less$1,270 or less$1,300 or less$1,560 or less San Francisco - Tokyo Haneda Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: Tokyo Haneda (HND)Japan Return flight deals: Tokyo Haneda - San Francisco Cabin classes: First Class flights to Tokyo $2,129 Business Class flights to Tokyo $2,311 Prem Econ Class flights to Tokyo $953 Economy Class flights to Tokyo Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $735Flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Japan » Tokyo » Tokyo Haneda $735Flights to Tokyo Haneda Airport, Tokyo Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Tokyo Haneda flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Tokyo Haneda from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Tokyo Haneda from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.