Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port C$ 67 (C̶$̶ ̶3̶0̶6̶). Fort Lauderdale Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port Fort Lauderdale, FLSee location 4.2 Mediocre3,587 reviews Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 67 View Deal 109 more Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port deals 109 more Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port deals Lobby 1/33 Restaurant 2/33 Pool 3/33 Front desk 4/33 Pool 5/33 Bedroom 6/33 Building 7/33 Bedroom 8/33 Bedroom 9/33 Hotel Entrance 10/33 Bedroom 11/33 Bedroom 12/33 Bedroom 13/33 Bedroom 14/33 Bedroom 15/33 Bedroom 16/33 Bathroom 17/33 Bedroom 18/33 Bedroom 19/33 Bedroom 20/33 Bedroom 21/33 Bathroom 22/33 Bedroom 23/33 Bedroom 24/33 Bathroom 25/33 Bathroom 26/33 Bedroom 27/33 Bedroom 28/33 Bedroom 29/33 Bedroom 30/33 Bathroom 31/33 Room amenity 32/33 Room amenity 33/33 All photos(33) Bedroom(19) Bathroom(5) Pool(2) Room amenity(2) View all photos About Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Enhanced cleaning This stay has committed to enhanced cleaning measures.Learn more Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi, Breakfast, and Parking for free With free, fast airport shuttles and quick access to the beach, the Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port is a beach lover's dream. This Fort Lauderdale, Florida hotel is located just off of Interstate 95 and is a quick 8-minute drive from the Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport. Free shuttles to and from the airport ensure guests can get their vacation started off quickly, while free parking also provides drivers with money savings. Each room at the Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port features a cable TV, coffee machine, and ironing facilities, along with free WiFi in all rooms. A complimentary breakfast is provided, while the outdoor pool allows guests to cool off on hot Florida days. Guests can enjoy a wide range of activities that Fort Lauderdale has to offer when staying at the Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port. The beach is a 10-minute drive from the hotel, while water taxis offer quick access to Las Olas Boulevard in downtown Fort Lauderdale. Just over a mile away is the Broward Center for the Performing Arts, where guests can take a break from the sun and take in some culture. More than 16 restaurants are just under a mile away from this Fort Lauderdale hotel. Such options include Betty’s Soul Food and Barbecue, and Snappers Fish and Chicken for seafood favorites. Other nearby conveniences include Walgreens and CVS, which are both just a short drive away. With easy access and free airport shuttles, the Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port offers a budget-friendly beach vacation for all ages. Read more Latest deals for Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Luxury Room See amenities C$ 144 View deal King room See amenities C$ 80 View deal C$ 82 View deal C$ 89 View deal Show 10 more deals Deluxe room See amenities C$ 81 View deal C$ 82 View deal C$ 88 View deal Show 10 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 87 View deal C$ 109 View deal C$ 125 View deal Show 2 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 67 View deal C$ 83 View deal C$ 87 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port Outdoor pool Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Coffee machine Free parking Business centre Wi-Fi available in all areas TV Cable or satellite TV Free toiletries Health and safety Daily housekeeping Face masks for guests available Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Enhanced cleaning Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Dining Tea/coffee maker Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Continental breakfast Coffee machine Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Basics Free Wi-Fi Wi-Fi available in all areas Free toiletries Heating Air-conditioned Bathroom Shower Bathtub Toilet Private bathroom Services and conveniences ATM on-site Business centre Safety deposit box 24hr front desk General Family rooms Telephone Storage available Parking and transportation Airport shuttle Free parking Media and entertainment Cable or satellite TV TV Accessibility and suitability Disabled Access No smoking Bedroom Alarm clock Wardrobe or closet Workspace Fax/photocopying Desk Family friendly Cribs available Complimentary breakfast Laundry Iron and ironing board Pool Outdoor pool Show all 54 amenities Reviews of Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port 4.2 MediocreBased on 3,587 verified guest reviews 4.3Families 4.2Couples 4.5Solo 3.9Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention dirty roombad nothingfront deskgood locationbreakfast was goodpoor customer servicestaff was friendlyshuttle to airportworst hotelnon smoking roomfridge or microwavefeel safenext morningroom was cleanbad experiencebed was comfortablefort lauderdalebed bugselectrical sockets Traveler rating: Poor (607) Mediocre (94) Fair (94) Okay (60) Good (51) Very good (39) Wonderful (68) Sort by: Newest first S 2.0 Poor Scott, Apr. 2023 Do not stay here. Drag racing all night long, people yelling, fights, this is not the place to stay for the majority of people. Almost left in the middle of the night and went to another hotel. א 4.0 Mediocre אור, Jan. 2023 The reception guy was nice and helpful, there was missing information in the website about the shuttle from the airport. The beds weren’t comfortable and there was a horrible smell of dust. The ac made noise like a track and it was hard to sleep or even talk to each other. A 4.0 Mediocre Anonymous, Feb. 2020 Pros:Had a free shuttle from the airport. Cons:Cleanliness was an issue E 4.5 Mediocre Esteban, Aug. 2019 Cons:Rooms poorly cleaned, felt like a dangerous place and dangerous area, towels were not even changed some times. I would never go there ever again. C 2.0 Poor Claudio, Sep. 2018 Pros:The staff is poor and the hotel doesn’t have any quality, the transfer doesn’t work well and you will lost money with that. Cons:The transfer doesn’t work so I paid more in Uber that if I rent a car, the neighborhood is poor and I didn’t see good options of food... totally disgusting C 3.1 Poor Claudio, Sep. 2018 Pros:Price Cons:Room with bad smell Transfer doesn’t work well Rude Staff Noise from street A 2.0 Poor Anonymous, May 2017 Cons:CUCARACHAS D 2.0 Poor Denise, Apr. 2017 Cons:The breakfast was horrible, the room was dirty and our door looked like someone had kicked it in. The shuttle was awful AND the prices kept going up up UP. A 3.1 Poor Anonymous, Mar. 2017 Pros:The only good thing I have to say about this sketchy motel is there was a sweet older lady working the desk who let me cancel my next reservation free of charge. She gave us cookies because we had such a bad experience. Cons:Where do I begin, I paid 140 dollars for one night so I was expecting something mediocre but it wasn't even that. I am 21 and traveling alone with one of my friends the same age and I felt very unsafe. When we first got dropped off by an Uber there were guys outside the lobby saying vulgar things to us and our Uber driver. At 3am there was a loud knock on the door that woke both of us up and we looked out the window and no one was there. We had trouble sleeping the rest of the night because of that. There was construction going on next door to the "hotel" (can't really call it that because the place was so run down) and the contruction started at 4 in the morning. The room itself was better looking than the outside. The rooms were decently clean but not the best. I had another reservation for the same hotel when I get back from a cruise and I immediately cancelled it because I refuse to stay somewhere where I feel unsafe. K 2.0 Poor Kevin, Feb. 2017 Pros:Nothing. Cons:Despite receiving a "confirmation' e-mail from booking.com we arrived to find we did not have a room reserved according to the person at the front desk (the only person working, no manager). After waiting almost 2 hours in the lobby we were given a dirty room. Two other groups larger than ours were turned away in the lobby after having received confirmation e-mails as well. Location 1700 West Broward Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33312 What's nearby Broward Center for the Performing Arts1.5 km NSU Art Museum Fort Lauderdale2.2 km Stranahan House2.7 km Fort Lauderdale Antique Car Museum3 km Riverwalk3.1 km Parker Playhouse3.2 km Swap Shop3.2 km Las Olas Boulevard4.3 km 15th Street Fisheries4.9 km Broward County Convention Center4.9 km The Galleria5.2 km Naval Air Station Fort Lauderdale Museum5.5 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 4:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port Low season April High season March Average price (weeknight) C$ 123 Average price (weekend night) C$ 257 Cheapest month to stay with an average 46% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 53% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port If you’re after a cheap room at Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in April and September. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port, plan to stay on a Monday or Tuesday. The most expensive day is usually Thursday. The cheapest price a room at Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 134, while the most expensive was C$ 271. How long should you stay at Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 2 days. FAQs when booking at Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port Where is Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port located? Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port is located at 1700 West Broward Boulevard in Riverside Park, 2.5 km from the centre of Fort Lauderdale. Broward Center for the Performing Arts is the closest landmark to Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port. When is check-in time and check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port? Check-in time is 4:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port offers free Wi-Fi. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port offer free parking? Yes, Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port offers free parking. How far is Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port from the airport? Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port is 6 km from Fort Lauderdale. Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port is 8.4 km from Fort Lauderdale Executive. Does Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port have a pool? Yes, Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port in Fort Lauderdale and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port. Nearby hotels and places to stay ClosestSee more nearby stays Rental Waterfront 1 bedroom unit with free parking0.18 kmAir-conditionedC$ 200+ Rental Modern studio on the water #20.2 kmAir-conditionedC$ 184+ Rental Updated modern house with cozy feel7 Good (2 reviews)0.21 kmKitchen, Porch, air-conditionedC$ 302+ Rental Cozy waterfront studio0.25 kmAir-conditionedC$ 159+ CheapestSee cheapest stays in Fort Lauderdale Rental 6% cheaperFall Special: Bm Suite 10 Min Drive From Las Olas9.5 Excellent (4 reviews)0.62 kmAir-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 101+ Rental The Best Home-Downtown Fort Lauderdale0.38 kmAdults only, air-conditionedC$ 113+ Rental The Flats at Riverside Park 48 Excellent (3 reviews)1.01 kmKitchen, terrace/patio, Outdoor dining areaC$ 151+ Rental Bright airy one bedroom bungalow10 Excellent (1 review)0.26 kmAir-conditionedC$ 153+ Most recommendedSee most recommended stays in Fort Lauderdale Rental Ft Lauderdale Intl Boat Show/15-Min Drive!!! Pool W/Hot Tub/ Clean&fully Stocked10 Excellent (12 reviews)0.76 kmAir-conditioned, Coffee machine, barbecueC$ 757+ Rental Waterfront Oasis10 Excellent (1 review)0.67 kmAir-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 469+ Rental Endless Summer Rentals 3 bedroom 2 Bath - entire apartment10 Excellent (4 reviews)0.85 kmC$ 279+ Rental River To Beach 3 R 2 B Family And Pet Heated Pool Airport Downtown Beach K210 Excellent (8 reviews)0.48 kmRiver view, Private pool, Outdoor poolC$ 476+ Good to know Value for money 5.2 Distance to downtown 2.5 km Nearest Airport Fort Lauderdale Distance to airport 6.0 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Florida Hotels in South Florida Fort Lauderdale Hotels Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port Top Hotel Destinations Dorval Hotels Calgary Hotels Ottawa Hotels Tokyo Hotels Rome Hotels Kamloops Hotels Queens Hotels Punta Cana Hotels Jerusalem Hotels Niagara Falls Hotels Cayo Coco Hotels Kahului Hotels Banff Hotels Seattle Hotels Toronto hotels Vancouver hotels Jasper hotels Edmonton hotels Kelowna hotels Whistler hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port discounts in Fort Lauderdale with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port in Fort Lauderdale. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Days Inn by Wyndham Fort Lauderdale Airport Cruise Port that suits you best. C$ 108 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.