Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat from $279 | (SFO - BCN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - BCN Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat from $279 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/30. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Barcelona-El Prat These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Barcelona. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Barcelona. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:40 pm - 5:15 pmSFO-BCN 15h 35m1 stop 6:45 am - 3:15 pmBCN-SFO 16h 30m1 stop $386TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Tue, Mar 12 4:40 pm - 8:20 pmSFO-BCN 18h 40m1 stop 9:10 pm - 2:45 pmBCN-SFO 26h 35m1 stop $395TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Sun, Jan 28 8:25 am - 8:20 amSFO-BCN 14h 55m1 stop 9:25 am - 9:49 pmBCN-SFO 21h 24m1 stop $498United Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Mon, Dec 18 4:30 pm - 4:35 pmSFO-BCN 15h 05m1 stop 10:40 am - 8:41 pmBCN-SFO 19h 01m1 stop $507British Airways Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Thu, Feb 1 8:45 pm - 8:10 pmSFO-BCN 14h 25m1 stop 1:30 pm - 11:13 pmBCN-SFO 18h 43m1 stop $512British Airways Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Sun, Dec 17 8:25 am - 8:20 amSFO-BCN 14h 55m1 stop 9:00 am - 2:55 pmBCN-SFO 14h 55m1 stop $514United Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Wed, Dec 20 6:52 am - 8:30 amSFO-BCN 16h 38m2 stops 10:40 am - 8:41 pmBCN-SFO 19h 01m1 stop $524Iberia Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Mon, Jan 22 7:40 pm - 4:20 pmSFO-BCN 11h 40mnonstop 2:10 pm - 5:40 pmBCN-SFO 12h 30mnonstop $536Vueling Find Deal Tue, Apr 9 - Tue, Apr 23 7:40 pm - 4:20 pmSFO-BCN 11h 40mnonstop 2:10 pm - 5:40 pmBCN-SFO 12h 30mnonstop $538Vueling Find Deal Tue, Apr 9 - Tue, Apr 23 7:03 am - 11:50 amSFO-BCN 19h 47m2 stops 9:45 am - 9:17 pmBCN-SFO 19h 32m2 stops $588Iberia Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Tue, Mar 12 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat Airport is January, where tickets cost $603 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,243 and $1,170 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 25 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Barcelona? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting San Francisco to Barcelona were found on TAP AIR PORTUGAL ($386) and Scandinavian Airlines ($449). Vueling proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $315. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to Barcelona take? There are no direct flights for this route. The shortest travel duration to get to Barcelona from San Francisco is 11h 40m. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $279 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 29% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 48% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to Barcelona When to book flights from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat flights Where are the pet-relief stations at San Francisco Airport? For the convenience of passengers traveling with their pets, SFO has both indoor and outdoor pet relief areas. Outdoor pet relief stations are located around Terminals 1 and 3. Indoor pet relief areas may be found between Gates B6 and C5-C7, D Gates, and Gate F11 within Terminals 1, 2, and 3. Does San Francisco Airport offer accessible services? Yes. At SFO, wheelchair assistance can be requested from airline personnel at the Assistance Desk. There are TTY telephones in the International Terminal, Terminal 1, and Terminal 2 of the airport. There are accessible parking spaces near airport entrances and shuttle bus locations. Aira services and Braille signage are also available at SFO. In addition to elevators and lifts, the airport provides stair-free access for wheelchair passengers. What are some eco-friendly airlines flying between San Francisco and Barcelona? On flights from San Francisco to Barcelona, approximately 10,088 lbs of carbon dioxide are released into the atmosphere by each passenger. However, you can fly sustainably with either WestJet or British Airways. Each of the two airlines operates flights that produce 28% less carbon dioxide per passenger on this route. Where can I park my car at San Francisco Airport before flying to Barcelona? Parking at SFO is simple and secure thanks to the many options available. SFO has three main parking garages, including International, Domestic, and Valet. Daily and hourly parking choices are available at the Domestic Garage and International Garage, and a free shuttle runs between the garages and the terminals. At the airport, you can leave your car with a valet and retrieve it when you get back. Are there car rentals at Barcelona Airport El Prat? Yes. BCN features car rental services onsite. Major car rental providers like Europcar, Avis, SIXT, and Hertz are all available at the airport. You can pick up your rental cars from any of these car rental providers at the counters in Terminals 1 and 2. You can rent a diverse range of vehicles from these operators. What train stations are located at Barcelona Airport El Prat? There are two train stations in BCN. The airport's Terminal 1 may be reached from the Aeroport Station. The Aerobus shuttle service links this train station with the airport. The Barcelona-Sants Station is the second, offering both regional and international train service. From here, you can easily reach other major Spanish cities, including Valencia, Zaragoza, and Madrid. What restaurants are there at San Francisco International Airport? 24th & Mission Taco House is a casual restaurant located in the International Terminal of San Francisco International Airport that serves traditional Mexican food, while Amoura Cafe can be found in Terminal 3 and has a Mediterranean-inspired menu. Boudin Bakery, also in the International Terminal, is known for having a variety of sourdough-based sandwiches. What is there to do while waiting at San Francisco International Airport? If you are often stressed while flying, stop by the Berman Reflection Room, found in the International Terminal of San Francisco International Airport, to clear your head. To entertain the kids before boarding your flight, bring them to one of the several kids’ play areas located in each terminal. Does Barcelona–El Prat Airport have anywhere to shower? To freshen up after your flight has landed, head to the Air Rooms that are located on the first floor of Terminal 1 in Barcelona–El Prat Airport. These shower rooms can be rented for 20 EUR (22.50 USD) per half hour, and they provide travelers with a complimentary toiletries kit. Can I take public transportation to travel from Barcelona–El Prat Airport to the city center? To travel from Barcelona–El Prat Airport to the city’s downtown, it is possible to take either the local bus or the metro. Aerobus leaves from Terminals 1 and 2 and can take travelers to the city center in approximately 35m, with tickets costing 5,90 EUR (6.60 USD). The L9 Sud metro line also has a stop at the airport and goes directly to downtown, with tickets costing 2,20 EUR (2.50 USD). Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Barcelona? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Barcelona from San Francisco. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Francisco to Barcelona? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Francisco to Barcelona flight route: Alaska Airlines, Vueling, Iberia, Qatar Airways, United Airlines, KLM, Finnair, SWISS, Lufthansa, PSA Airlines, British Airways, and American Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Barcelona? The Airbus A330-200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to Barcelona flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Barcelona? Star Alliance, oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between San Francisco and Barcelona, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Barcelona from San Francisco? London is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from San Francisco to Barcelona. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Barcelona, SWISS or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Barcelona are SWISS and Delta. With an average price for the route of $937 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $841 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Barcelona? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Barcelona. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Barcelona? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Barcelona from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Barcelona? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Barcelona with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and BCN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Barcelona? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Barcelona from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to Barcelona-El Prat Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $375 or less one-way and $532 or less round-trip. Delta Airlines is ideal for families traveling from San Francisco to Barcelona with youngsters. The seating on Delta Airlines is roomy enough for the whole family to relax and enjoy themselves. For kids' pleasure, they offer numerous video games, animated shows, and music. Delta also provides a bottle-warming service, a baby-changing station, and secluded areas for breastfeeding for parents traveling with toddlers. Some popular city destinations from Barcelona Airport El Prat (BCN) include Girona, which is about an hour and a half by rental car, and Tarragona, which is about an hour. Others include Valencia, which is around three and a half hours away, and Zaragoza, which is about a three-hour drive away. At San Francisco Airport (SFO), there are services for military personnel and their families. There is a USO center at the airport that offers military personnel drinks, snacks, and comfy seating. The USO provides computer access, travel assistance, and a kids' play area. To cut your travel time as much as possible, look for nonstop flights from San Francisco to Barcelona. Iberia Airlines operates multiple daily flights between these two locations and offers many benefits, like free checked baggage and meals. If you would like some extra help navigating San Francisco International Airport (SFO), reserve an Airport Butler package through the airport’s official website. This service will provide you with an employee who can help check your luggage, guide you through security, and bring you to a private waiting room. Going on vacation to Barcelona with your family? Make sure to take advantage of the security lanes that are designated for families in Barcelona–El Prat Airport (BCN). Waiting in these lines can save you time when passing through immigration and customs. For travelers with some time to kill before their flight from San Francisco to Barcelona takes off, go to the Louis A. Turpen Aviation Museum in the International Terminal of San Francisco’s airport. Filled with artifacts from the region’s aviation history as well as a variety of local art, this museum can be accessed for free by all travelers. Once you have landed in Barcelona–El Prat Airport you may need to quickly charge your phone before heading to your final destination. There are two portable device charging units that can be found in Terminals 1 and 2B, each of which contain six private lockers that can be rented for a small fee. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Barcelona. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9112 reviews 77entertainment 86crew 79food 82boarding 78comfort 82overall Airline reviews Pros: "Nothing. There was no flight. The flight was cancelled and you did not notify us. We found it out ourselves by accident. We tried to contact you guys but we could not call or anything other. You guys suck" Cons: "Notify your customers when the flight is cancelled. Thats the least you can do. Very unprofessional"Read more about SWISS Pros: "Nothing. There was no flight. The flight was cancelled and you did not notify us. We found it out ourselves by accident. We tried to contact you guys but we could not call or anything other. You guys suck" Cons: "Notify your customers when the flight is cancelled. Thats the least you can do. Very unprofessional" Cons: "Nada, I slept through this leg and the staff let me be." Cons: "The sitting was so very small, I never traveled so crumpled." Pros: "Crew were great" Cons: "Cabin kept very hot, very difficult to sleep. Seats were so-so comfortable" Pros: "Orderly boarding process. Considerate reseating when bulkhead with extra legroom were not usable." Pros: "The crew was amazingly efficient serving food and drink. In the recline position the seat bottom extended which was far more comfortable than simply reclining." Cons: "The food was mediocre and the selection of movies was very limited." Pros: "Smooth transfer from Terminal 3 to the International Terminal. Great airport. Easy boarding, friendly crew and very smooth flight." Cons: "I was very happy with my flight experience with Swiss." Pros: "The seat was ok, I paid $ 115 per Trip ( total of $ 230) just to sit at the emergency exit to have some leg room and then I am sitting next to the bathroom and people stepping on my feet because they tend to hang out around the bathroom." Cons: "The flight attendant not wearing perfume. Food was very poor to say the least." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "Boarding by rows and not like cows all at one time" Pros: "The food was great. The service is excellent. Swiss Air gets an A+." The crew on both flights were courteous and professional. The flights were smooth and on time. Great experience overall. There could have been at least a drink on the flight's JFK - JAX leg. Pros: "Courteous and attentive crew from baggage check in thru baggage claim." Pros: "The crew was very good and there was enough leg room." Cons: "The dinner option was underwhelming." Pros: "crew was nice" Cons: "First time flying with a partner through Delta, so they stuck us on a Virgin Atlantic flight meaning I didn't get my free Delta check in bag (a fee of $60 each way) when I have gotten it every other flight I have ever taken with them. It was also 2 whole hours late in boarding." Pros: "The business class seats are the best we’ve had. Plenty of room, nicely laid out, good organization design. The blankets were fluffy and very comfortable. Crew was super attentive and friendly. For such a long flight, it was very pleasant, will highly recommend." Pros: "I had one of the few empty seats next to me." Cons: "The food is awful. Not enough toilets." Pros: "Food was delicious, consistent timely service and excellent entertainment options onboard. The flight was an hour early!" Pros: "modern comfortable plane, in flight entertainment was good, service was outstanding." Cons: "food was meh at best, seats in economy are tight and there is no legroom" Pros: "Amenities" Cons: "Bed was incredibly uncomfortable in first class. It was like sleeping on the floor. People talking loudly in the bar late into the night, which made it even harder to sleep. Didn’t sleep a wink on this 10 hour flight." Cons: "I did not like the fact that my seat was between 2 small children that belonged to a family sitting behind me .It was ridiculous to put a stranger on a 10 hour flight with a 3yrar old on one side and a 5 year old on the other" Cons: "My monitor isn’t really working after rebooted. And the audio hole wasn’t tight enough" Pros: "Terrible seats! It keeps getting worse." Cons: "Timing of leaving the airport! It was delayed and I missed my international flight" Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "Flew us safely home." Cons: "We waiting on the runway for over a long period." Cons: "The flight from. JFK to Barcelona was delayed as well. Their computers were down in Atlanta. So everyone had to have their name hand typed into a computer when boarding. Then the pilot said that our bags are usually weighed and computerized for even distribution on the plane. That system was also down, so we sat on the runway waiting for that problem to be fixed. When we arrived at Barcelona, I unpacked and discovered a jacket and pants in my luggage were wet. The only place that could have happened was at JfK during their rain storm and the luggage weight issue." Pros: "Food was unexpectedly good." Cons: "The flight was delayed for 40 minutes. We could hardly catch connecting flight" Pros: "Food was good, boarding was fast and efficient" Cons: "Smallest seats I’ve seen in a while. Very uncomfortable. Still haven’t announced baggage carousel but that’s jfk for ya. WiFi didn’t work on flight either." Pros: "Good movies and tv selection. Seat next to me was empty, so that was great." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Call back service was best part." Cons: "Booked ticket through venture card points. This meant that the email address and phone number to contact us in the event of changes was mediocre information. I was informed from Tripit that the flight was delayed, not by Delta. Reservation personnel took logical course of action to find new flight for connection that we could make because of delayed initial flight. I would recommend that they first see if there is an earlier initial flight that the customer could make, then look at finding later connecting flights. We found out about delay 8 hours prior, so we had plenty of time to get to the airport earlier. Total delay required me to take additional day off of work." Pros: "Everyone was really nice and responsive." Cons: "Seats are a little older. Not as comfortable as other flights. But not bad." Wasn’t able to take the trip and no one could help me with a refund or rescheduling Cons: "Got to the gate to check In no one was available called no one answered on the line on hold for 4h till some one picked up the phone and they wanted me to buy a new ticket" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Everything. Never in my life I experienced this. It was beyond inefficiency, it was literally CRUELTY" Pros: "Entertainment makes flight go faster. Many choices" Cons: "the Food (. Snack) not the best choice of ham empanada and rice chips plus something else I didn’t even tried." Pros: "Check in was very smooth. Flight crew was very attentive" Cons: "Presentation of food was not great." Cons: "the sandwich was cold, they should have used the microwave" Pros: "Ay the counter they were nice" Cons: "Food was the worst and service from flight crew was Poor" Cons: "Some employees from the airport Benito Juarez looked into my baggage and stole some souvenirs, please be advised to do not leave your baggage with the airport standby system, there are some private lockers that you can use instead." Pros: "Seat was comfortable but I bring pillows, crew was nice" Cons: "Was very warm" Pros: "Flight was good as well as service at the airplane, DC to Bogota" Cons: "Everything ok" Cons: "The aircraft arrived late in Istanbul for the connecting flight to Egypt causing us to miss out flight which made us wait 5+ hours in the airport which was a huge inconvenience." Pros: "Timing. Food and service" Cons: "Unanounced delay of about one hour due to long unexplained route" Pros: "Food and entertainment was great." Cons: "Delayed at origin and layover. Crew was a bit hard to track down at times." Cons: "The booking experience was exceptionally bad. Never again through you." Pros: "Excellent service and food. Good selection of movies. Great overall experience." Cons: "Crying baby and squealing toddler." Pros: "Food Free wine and drinks Good movie selection Good headphones Good and nice team" Cons: "Istanbul Airport: Overcrowding at Arrival / Transit Terminal Way finding-poor signage for transit passengers" Pros: "The service was excellent and the staff was so professional and nice" Pros: "Entertainment" Cons: "Staff was less than friendly and seats were not very comfortable in coach." Pros: "Good connection from SFO to TLV. Good service good food" Cons: "No problem" SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Barcelona Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Barcelona found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/30Tue 3 stops 25h 25mSFO-BCN $279 Search 1/30Tue 2 stops 22h 40mSFO-BCN $281 Search 4/30Tue nonstopVueling 11h 40mSFO-BCN $315 Search 5/4Sat nonstopVueling 11h 40mSFO-BCN $350 Search 2/21Wed 1 stopIberia 16h 37mSFO-BCN $419 Search 2/20Tue 1 stopBritish Airways 23h 25mSFO-BCN $445 Search 2/18Sun 1 stopBritish Airways 23h 25mSFO-BCN $449 Search 1/7Sun 2 stopsUnited Airlines 31h 31mSFO-BCN $558 Search 12/26Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 31h 46mSFO-BCN $577 Search 5/5Sun 2 stopsIberia 22h 20mSFO-BCN $630 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineVuelingIberiaBritish AirwaysUnited Airlines Search by price$280 or less$350 or less$450 or less$560 or less$630 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Barcelona that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri multi-stopAir Canada 14h 05mSFO-BCN 12/5Tue multi-stopAir Canada 34h 15mBCN-SFO $494 Search 12/1Fri multi-stop 16h 05mSFO-BCN 12/5Tue multi-stop 32h 43mBCN-SFO $498 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 17h 35mSFO-BCN 12/6Wed multi-stopBritish Airways 18h 43mBCN-SFO $508 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 17h 00mSFO-BCN 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 21h 05mBCN-SFO $511 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 22h 48mSFO-BCN 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 17h 28mBCN-SFO $513 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 55mSFO-BCN 12/22Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 45mBCN-SFO $514 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 22h 48mSFO-BCN 12/22Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 45mBCN-SFO $519 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopIberia 21h 30mSFO-BCN 12/6Wed multi-stopIberia 22h 11mBCN-SFO $538 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopIberia 16h 30mSFO-BCN 12/9Sat multi-stopIberia 25h 09mBCN-SFO $839 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 14h 10mSFO-BCN 12/10Sun multi-stopBritish Airways 17h 35mBCN-SFO $2,443 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir CanadaBritish AirwaysAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesIberia Search by price$500 or less$510 or less$510 or less$540 or less$2,440 or less San Francisco - Barcelona Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: Barcelona-El Prat (BCN)Spain Return flight deals: Barcelona-El Prat - San Francisco Cabin classes: First Class flights to Barcelona Business Class flights to Barcelona $1,077 Prem Econ Class flights to Barcelona $444 Economy Class flights to Barcelona Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $385Flights from San Francisco to Barcelona-El Prat Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Spain » Barcelona-El Prat $385Flights to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, Barcelona Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Barcelona-El Prat flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Barcelona-El Prat from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Barcelona-El Prat from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.