Cheap Flights from Denver to Las Vegas from $24 | (DEN - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW DEN - LAS Find cheap flights from Denver to Las Vegas from $24 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/5. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Denver to Las Vegas, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Denver to Las Vegas, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Denver to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Denver to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:40 am - 12:42 pmDEN-LAS 2h 02mnonstop 11:35 am - 2:29 pmLAS-DEN 1h 54mnonstop $33Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Tue, Dec 19 7:00 am - 8:07 amDEN-LAS 2h 07mnonstop 12:59 am - 3:54 amLAS-DEN 1h 55mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Mon, Dec 18 11:40 am - 12:42 pmDEN-LAS 2h 02mnonstop 7:52 am - 10:46 amLAS-DEN 1h 54mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Tue, Dec 19 10:48 pm - 11:52 pmDEN-LAS 2h 04mnonstop 12:59 am - 3:54 amLAS-DEN 1h 55mnonstop $41 Find Deal Sun, Dec 17 - Tue, Dec 19 10:14 pm - 11:29 pmDEN-LAS 2h 15mnonstop 12:59 am - 3:54 amLAS-DEN 1h 55mnonstop $43Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 20 - Wed, Dec 20 3:24 pm - 4:25 pmDEN-LAS 2h 01mnonstop 9:44 pm - 12:44 amLAS-DEN 2h 00mnonstop $44 Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Fri, Jan 12 10:10 pm - 11:25 pmDEN-LAS 2h 15mnonstop 12:59 am - 3:54 amLAS-DEN 1h 55mnonstop $45Frontier Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Fri, Dec 22 9:00 pm - 10:05 pmDEN-LAS 2h 05mnonstop 3:00 pm - 5:56 pmLAS-DEN 1h 56mnonstop $46Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 4 - Sat, Jan 6 7:41 pm - 8:44 pmDEN-LAS 2h 03mnonstop 9:39 pm - 12:39 amLAS-DEN 2h 00mnonstop $47Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sat, Jan 13 10:48 pm - 11:52 pmDEN-LAS 2h 04mnonstop 12:59 am - 3:54 amLAS-DEN 1h 55mnonstop $48 Find Deal Mon, Dec 25 - Thu, Dec 28 Show more results Flights from Denver to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Denver to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Denver to Las Vegas? The average price of all flights from Denver to Las Vegas clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Denver to Las Vegas, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Friday is the most expensive. Flying from Las Vegas back to Denver, the best deals are generally found on Tuesday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Denver to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Denver to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Denver to Las Vegas is January, where tickets cost $85 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $163 and $158 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Denver to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Denver to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Denver to Las Vegas, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 13 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Denver to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Denver to Las Vegas found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $33 on Spirit Airlines, followed by Frontier ($38). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $24 on Frontier and from $27 on Spirit Airlines. Which airlines fly most frequently between Denver and Las Vegas? Southwest connects Denver to Las Vegas up to 13 flights per day, followed by United Airlines (4 flights per day), and Frontier (one flight per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Denver and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Denver to Las Vegas. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Denver to Las Vegas. They are: Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $38 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Denver and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 13 and 26 nonstop flights that take off from Denver and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 2h 01m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 143 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Denver and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Denver to Las Vegas take? Nonstop flights from Denver generally make it to Las Vegas in 2h 01m. The flying distance between the two cities is 626 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Denver to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Denver at 5:20 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 6:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from Denver to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Denver to Las Vegas jets off at 10:51 pm and lands at 11:55 pm. Good to know Low season January High season March Cheapest flight $24 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 33% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 15% increase in price. Flight from Denver to Las Vegas When to book flights from Denver to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Denver to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Denver to Las Vegas Which airlines offer the most eco-friendly flights from Denver to Las Vegas? About 658kg of carbon is emitted per passenger on Denver to Las Vegas flights. However, Frontier stands out as the airline with some of the most sustainable flights to Las Vegas from Denver. It operates several nonstop flights from DEN to LAS with around 52% less CO2 emissions than the other airlines. You can fly more sustainably by packing light, using reusable plastics, and flying with modern aircraft. Are there any amenities for nursing mothers at Denver International Airport? DEN provides a quiet and comfortable space for lactating mothers to nurse their kids or breast pump. The nursing suites are conveniently available post-security at each concourse. In Jeppesen Terminal, you can use the room on Level 5 South of the women's restrooms. Other rooms are available at A, B, and C Gates center. Each room provides a sink, power outlets, changing table, and comfortable seats 24/7. Use the intercom placed on the walls adjacent to the nursing rooms to get the access codes. What are the transportation options to Denver International Airport? Getting to DEN from Downtown Denver has been made easy by the efficient transportation system and ideal options. The Airport Rail runs from Denver Union Station to the DEN Transit Center on Level 1 every 15 minutes from around 5 am to 7:30 pm daily. Regional Transport District (RTD) runs four bus routes under Sky Ride. Taxis also run from the city's heart to DEN's Level 5, Eastside next to door 507, and West Side next to door 510. How can I get around Harry Reid International Airport? LAS Shuttle buses ferry passengers between the two terminals. These courtesy shuttles run every half hour and have stops in every terminal on Level Zero. From Baggage Claim in Terminal, use the escalator or elevator to get to Level Zero, then use the pedestrian crosswalk to the bus stop. If you're in Terminal 3, you can find the shuttle at the center of the curb. Does McCarran International Airport have any pet relief areas? If you are traveling with a pet or service animal, make sure to take note of the different pet relief areas that are located in McCarran International Airport. There are currently 5 different designated areas, with 3 of these being located inside of Terminals C, D, and E, and 2 of them being located outside of baggage claim and ticketing. Are there any amenities for kids at McCarran International Airport? There is a kids’ play area located near Gate D of McCarran International Airport that features a variety of activities and games meant to let kids unwind and burn some energy. There are also several family restrooms located throughout the airport that contain changing tables and private breastfeeding areas. What is the best way to travel from McCarran International Airport to downtown Las Vegas? The easiest and quickest way to travel between McCarran International Airport and downtown Las Vegas is by taking a taxi or rental car, as the drive is less than 10 minutes if there is no additional traffic. You can also opt to use public transportation such as the local bus system, but this will take you upwards of 40 minutes. What terminal has the most shopping options in Denver International Airport? If you would like to do some shopping while waiting for your flight to take off from Denver International Airport, browse through the different stores located in Terminals B and C. In these terminals, you can find a variety of boutiques, including Colorado Limited, a popular souvenir shop, and Tattered Cover Book Store. Do I need a passport to fly between Denver and Las Vegas? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airports will I be using when flying from Denver to Las Vegas? Denver and Las Vegas are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Denver from Denver Intl and will be arriving at Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Denver to Las Vegas? American Airlines, Delta, Alaska Airlines, and JetBlue offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Denver to Las Vegas flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Denver to Las Vegas? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Denver to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Denver to Las Vegas? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Denver and Las Vegas. On which days can I fly direct from Denver to Las Vegas? There are nonstop flights from Denver to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Denver to Las Vegas, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Denver to Las Vegas are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $303 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $320 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Denver to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Denver to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Denver to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Denver is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Denver to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Denver with another airline. Booking your flights between Denver and LAS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Denver to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Denver up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from DEN to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $50 or less one-way and $64 or less round-trip. Denver International Airport (DEN) offers multiple services to the special needs passengers traveling through the airport. DEN’s shuttle buses equipped with wheelchair lifts offer transit for disabled passengers within the airport. There are parking spaces reserved for these passengers. Other services include accessible restrooms, wheelchair services, and TTY telephones. You're welcome to leave your car at DEN as you fly out to Las Vegas. It offers parking at the Economy Lots, Mt. Elbert Lot, and the Pikes Peak Lot. Economy Parking is available in East Garage and West Garage, while the Mt. Elbert Lot is Southside of Jeppesen Terminal. Visit the ATMs at DEN if you require cash before traveling out. Canvas Credit Union operates ATMs in Jeppesen Terminal and Gates A, B, and C. The currency exchange kiosks are on Level 5 in Jeppesen Terminal and A and B Gates center. Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) has integrated outlets and charging pots under seats in the seating areas, restaurants, and bars in Terminal 3. Over 500 USB ports and outlets are in the seating areas and restaurants in Terminal 1. If you need an ideal spot to sleep in LAS, consider Terminal’s 1 Zero Level Fitness. This airport gym offers day rooms that are available to rent per hour. Booking a room gives you access to the fitness center, a bed, showers, lockers, fridge, and microwave. If you’re interested in direct flights from Denver to Las Vegas, there are several airlines that you can choose from. While Frontier and Spirit are budget choices that offer several different flights each day, Southwest is a popular choice amongst travelers with a lot of luggage, as the company allows you to check up to two bags for free. To kill some time before your flight from Denver to Las Vegas, see if you are eligible to access your airline’s private lounge for free. American, Delta, and United Airlines all have lounges in Denver, and they oftentimes provide complimentary or reduced price passes for their customers. Hoping to relax before embarking on a long day of traveling? Pay a visit to one of the several spas located throughout the terminals of Denver International Airport. These spas provide a variety of services from massages to manicures, making it a convenient way to unwind. Denver International Airport is famous for showcasing local art and hosting free temporary exhibitions. If you would like to learn more about the region and see some of the work from these talented individuals, check the airport’s website to learn if there will be an event while you are traveling. For travelers that would like to grab a bite to eat after their flights from Denver to Las Vegas have landed, make sure to stop by one of the many different dining options located in McCarran International Airport. There is a California Pizza Kitchen located near Gate C as well as a Great Steak and Potato Company located near Gates A and B. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Denver Intl to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Denver Intl to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Denver Intl to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Friday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Saturday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Denver Intl Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Friday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Saturday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Air Canada, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +4 more Air Canada, Copa Airlines, +5 more 3 4 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Denver to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Denver to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Denver to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29971 reviews 85overall 79food 78entertainment 85boarding 88crew 82comfort Airline reviews Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport" Pros: "The snack was a whole sandwich that was quite tasty and in my opinion far better than the two meals I was served on my US to Europe flight on Condor. The staff were very kind, accommodating and served us damp linens to wipe our hands with before eating, which I did not receive on the Condor flight." Pros: "Overall, a great experience." Cons: "The flight attendants were excellent overall, but one of them reacted unprofessionally when I asked her to throw something away prior to departure. (I believe it was the first class flight attendant, as I did not interact with her again after take off)." Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Pros: "No hassle and easy boarding." Cons: "More room and limit on size of luggage in the overhead compartment." Pros: "The flight itself was as expected." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3+ hours with no reasoning shared with travelers. No compensation, complimentary beverage, etc. was provided." Pros: "Seats were comfortable and did not feel confining. Takeoff and landing were very smooth." Cons: "Having a male flight attendant wearing makeup was off-putting. A gluten free option for snacks would be nice." Cons: "Miss airline meals but realize this was a short flight. Everyone was great." Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "I didn’ ask for internet but i was charged$25 I don’t know what to name it !" Pros: "Friendly staff" Cons: "No food offered but I usually don’t eat food but some passengers were asking about the food service" Pros: "Most of the crew was great with the exception of curbside check-in in Denver." Cons: "Curbside needs to stop chasing cash tips and do their jobs. If they focused on that tips would be easy to come by. The curbside attendant that took my bag didn’t even bother to check my id. He asked me my name and asked where my destination was. I told him Cincinnati as a layover then LaGuardia where he said that was wrong. He then proceeded to print a boarding pass that wasn’t mine and load my bag into the conveyor. Not 5 mins go by when I realize what happened I wound up having to go to special services to rectify the situation. Which ultimately consisted of me waiting another hour in LaGuardia to get my bag. Please delta have these curbside handlers actually want to do their job and stop chasing cash tips." Cons: "Delayed flight planning - would have been nice to delay the flight before boarding." Cons: "Flight was delayed almost 3 hrs. Ran out of food right before my row. I upgraded my seat but feel I got the short end of the stick." Cons: "After a delay of about an hour on a very full flight the gate agent asked for volunteers to check their rollaboard suitcases. The gate agents then allowed those who checked their rollaboards to board before Zone 1,which was fine. However, a bunch of people without gate check stickers on the rollaboards were also allowed to board before Zone 1, which was aggravating. There was a long delay on the tarmac, during which we had to pull back to the gate or to a maintenance area before we finally took off. When we arrived in Vegas there was no gate for us to pull into, which led to another long delay of an already long and delayed flight." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I bought a ticket thinking i bought it through kayak but I actually bought a ticket through a third party in India. Where no one spoke good English. I called the agency to find out if I needed a Visa for my visit to Australia and the told me no. So when I showed up to the airport I didn’t have the right documents and I MISSED MY FLIGHT. Also the wouldn’t just change my flight and charge me the change flight fee. They cancelled my flight entirely and made me buy a whole new ticket!!! Worst flight experience I’ve ever had and this is not my first time flying to Australia or out of country." Pros: "Friendly cabin crew. Early am departure. On board entertainment is a great selection of movies/TV etc. Clean aircraft. Comfortable seating. Great flight." Cons: "Had to wait for the crew from another flight before boarding p" Pros: "Check in Denver super helpful Gate staff hustled to turn around flight Flight crew excellent" Cons: "Flight delayed, almost missed international connections" Pros: "crew was nice and pilot was informative." Cons: "1. flight was delayed twice, which meant my arrive was delayed in Cincinnati. 2. boarding was a nightmare. After 2 delays, I was crammed into zone 4. I dont fly as often, the seats space seems to be getting smaller. 5. I sat next an overweight person. I didn't like my personal space violated. 6. The flight offer movies, I slept. Yet kept getting elbowed by this overweight neighbor. 7. I am a single, independent person. I prefer to sit near the front. First on and settled and 1st off and gone!" Pros: "The flight crew was friendly and personable. Beverage service was consistent and efficient. Entertainment and free WiFi messaging were great perks." Cons: "The positives don’t even come close to offsetting the misery of Delta’s seats. I honestly don’t remember the last time I was so cramped and uncomfortable. I’m not an abnormally large man - 6 feet 200 lbs - and there was no room for my legs or my shoulders in an “upgraded economy” seat. I fly weekly for work on another major airline, and only took this one in a crunch. But I am quite certain this was my last Delta flight and I’ll be advising others similarly. The service and entertainment aren’t sufficient to mask an awful seat configuration." Cons: "I never made it... I had a trip interruption and got stuck in Chicago and would of had to wait another full 24hrs to take the flight to Denver. tired and nauseated after being all day at the airport that at midnight, i knew that I couldn't hold off till the next evening, took the next flight back." Pros: "Great crew - good attitudes." Cons: "Delayed for an hour due to a log book issue." Cons: "I upgraded my seats, but we still didn’t get any extras for the price." Pros: "Older style cabin, but still a comfortable flight. Crew was friendly." Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Pros: "It was fine. Just not anything great." Cons: "Many groups were not seated together. at the airport I asked if my husband and I could be put together . One worker seemed interested in helping, but another rudely butted in and said there "were no seats together, the flight was full." Come to find out the flight was not full, there were whole rows not full. The groups near our seats rearranged ourselves so we could be by our family members, so it worked out. No thanks to the person at the terminal. Really long walk from the gate to the plane. No food on a cross country flight. Only a few cups of water/soda and a cookie. which unfortunately is typical now days. The lights were off the whole trip. The captain kept turning on the seat belt sign for the turbulence. Which there was a lot of. But then he would announce for everyone to go back to their seats. It wasn't huge bumps, just a little rough. and it woke everyone up by announcing it multiple times." Pros: "Seats were comfortable enough" Cons: "They force you to get to the airport really early." Pros: "On time." Cons: "The door team was all over the place creating a chaos at the time for boarding the plain. I've notice several people in front of me were complaining due to the boarding dynamics. (Not smooth boarding)" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Seat 17F is very short on leg room for a 6 foot man. Flight attendants didn't care and rough landing; pilot needs more practice." Cons: "Late departure. Seats were double booked. Had to delay again to sort it out." Pros: "Got there safely." Cons: "The seats are miserable small and uncomfortable. More options for snacks for the cost of the ticket!!!" Pros: "The people were nice and helpful. And the aircraft did not feel cramped. I again did not use the entertainment or anything like that." Pros: "Seats were pretty comfortable" Cons: "In-flight entertainment depended on the Wi-Fi working. It did not work the whole flight." Pros: "No surprises, boarding, friendly plane staff, carry on so didn’t have to worry about baggage issues , on-time" Cons: "Pilots flying: the plane would turn or ascend/descend in such a way that I felt that I was going to pass out. I was not intoxlcated nor did i experience it on my previous flight nor the majority of this flight unless maneuvering was occurring. Also, again, worthless wifi" Pros: "Flight was smooth, attendants were great." Cons: "I was so uncomfortable in my tiny seat. They are small and awful." Pros: "I purchased a ticket for my 18 year old dog $ 125.00 each way to fly with me to Kalispell and back. She is so old that she can not SEE, HEAR, or BARK any longer. I understood she needed to be under the seat for take off and landing but I was told by the ticket agent and flight attendants on my first flight that she could sit on my lap during the flight. Everything was great on the way there. On the returning flight,.... the flight attendant was so RUDE to me. She saw that after we were airborne and at a steady altitude, I brought my dog "Kacey" up into my lap. She immediately raised her voice and stated the dog needed to remain on the ground. I politely explained her condition BUT she refused to listen to anything. I put my poor old dog back under the seat. After approx 20 min I could hear her patting very loud. I lifted her again and asked a different flight attendant for some water. She was very hot on the floor. Or course, the flight attendant saw my little chihuahua drinking the water and said that after she drinks a little more, she must remain under the seat. By now, my husband is getting annoyed. He tried explaining to the flight attendant the medical needs that my dog has " she's on protein shakes" which were approved their security. and how fragile she is. She can't BARK, SEE, or HEAR. Yes, we will be putting her down soon but we took her to Montana for my daughter to say her GOODBYES!! Sorry to say, but that flight attendant has turned me away from UNITED AIR LINES forever. Feel free to call me 352-804-8344. You may send this to UNITED AIRLINES too!! Thanks Karen Hope" Pros: "The passengers I sat next to they were very nice people" Cons: "No leg room and the crazy amount of turbulence we encountered throughout the trip." Pros: "There was plenty of space on the plane even tho it was completely full" Cons: "I missed my flight due to a nonsense delay from Charlotte. Arrived at the gate 1 minute after scheduled take off and the plane was gone. Not even an attempt to waiting as I ran, 5 months pregnant, through the airport. I was rebooked to arrive in Las Vegas at midnight. 12 hours after the original time. I bought a flight from Southwest. I will never fly united again" Pros: "Nice employees." Cons: "Mechanical delay in fargo caused me to miss my connecting flight to Eugene by 5 minutes. Got to Denver airport asked the gate guy to call my connecting flight gate to see if they could hold the door for me, he said you got 10 mins go. I ran 30 gates and the door just closed and missed my flight. I am 25 weeks preg so my running time is slower then normal. Then they rebooked me on a flight that had an additional connect and arrived 4 hours later then expected. By the time I got to my new flight gate- it was delayed so would miss my next connecting flight. Long story short it's 3 hours past when I was suppose to leave and settled for s flight to PDX tonight getting in at midnight. My friend From eugue is picking me up in Portland tomorrow. It has been an unsuccessful flight. Almost cancelled and went home......" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Seats on plan were horribly uncomfortable. Food to the point of a scam expensive. Airplane lost baggage with over $1,000. Including seeing glasses gone. Trip ruined. Rest of luggage was soaking wet like they left it laying outside in the rain. Horrible horrible company." Cons: "Checking my luggage and then re-checking my luggage !!! Very annoying and very inconvenient. This is not passenger / customer friendly !!!" Pros: "Had to cancel due to the mass murder shooting in LAS and Frontier would not give me a full refund. Only a flight credit which I probably won’t be able to use" Pros: "Flight was short, fast and on time" Cons: "It took a long time to deboard after landing. Too many surprise charges i.e. - (seat selection, carry-on)...not a good feeling!" Cons: "Explanation for cost saving options were vague for me as a first timer on Frontier. When I was told about the special plan I couldn't maneuver through reducing my total price. I finally gave up and paid the nickel and dime list of add on fees. I felt cheated and violated. I thought it was sort of bait and switch. Now I'm not incentivized to give up the usual main airlines. Present cost savings up front-I choose and feel good about getting a deal and become loyal." Cons: "Seat confusion, pay for every thing else aside of the flight itself" Pros: "Awful. The ground crew and the plan crew were not in-sinc. The jet way was a least 10 inches below the plane door. The stewards crowd was surley. The plane was late leaving for unknown reasons. The whole passenger group was held up waiting on the two person clean up crew to empty the trash. No one seemed to care about the passengers." Pros: "The flight was reasonably priced" Cons: "Seats don't recline, all groups were called to board at the same time creating a long line." Pros: "Boarding was quick and easy" Cons: "Delayed grting back.. sitting waiting for a gate to open up" Cons: "Cost of original ticket was very misleading. Frontier is good if you have no baggage" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Denver to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Denver to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 07mDEN-LAS $24 Search 1/4Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 05mDEN-LAS $27 Search 1/15Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 12mDEN-LAS $28 Search 12/25Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 04mDEN-LAS $29 Search 1/3Wed 1 stopDelta 5h 13mDEN-LAS $89 Search 5/21Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 8h 13mDEN-LAS $164 Search 4/19Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 42mDEN-LAS $171 Search 2/18Sun 2 stopsUnited Airlines 17h 23mDEN-LAS $198 Search 1/3Wed 2 stopsDelta 14h 52mDEN-LAS $229 Search 12/20Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 14h 26mDEN-LAS $253 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$160 or less$200 or less$250 or less Last minute flights from Denver to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Denver to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 03mDEN-LAS 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 55mLAS-DEN $38 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 2h 13mDEN-LAS 12/9Sat nonstop 1h 54mLAS-DEN $44 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 15mDEN-LAS 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 55mLAS-DEN $48 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 15mDEN-LAS 12/12Tue multi-stopFrontier 9h 51mLAS-DEN $58 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 01mDEN-LAS 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 54mLAS-DEN $71 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 04mDEN-LAS 1/5Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 45mLAS-DEN $76 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 9h 30mDEN-LAS 12/11Mon nonstopFrontier 1h 55mLAS-DEN $77 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 02mDEN-LAS 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 56mLAS-DEN $79 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 2h 04mDEN-LAS 12/5Tue nonstop 1h 55mLAS-DEN $80 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 23h 17mDEN-LAS 12/7Thu multi-stopAlaska Airlines 7h 30mLAS-DEN $391 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAlaska Airlines Search by price$40 or less$60 or less$80 or less$80 or less$390 or less Denver - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Denver (DEN)United States Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Denver Cabin classes: $554 First Class flights to Las Vegas $531 Business Class flights to Las Vegas $310 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas $38 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » United States » Colorado » Denver $33Flights from Denver to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $33Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Compare transportation modes for Denver to Las Vegas Average price Average duration Flights $436 2h 01m Buses $265 15h 30m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Ontario Flights to Tampa Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Denver. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Las Vegas from Denver. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.