Cheap Flights from Miami to Atlanta from $18 | (MIA - ATL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MIA - ATL Find cheap flights from Miami to Atlanta from $18 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Atlanta These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Atlanta, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Atlanta, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Miami to Atlanta?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Miami to Atlanta that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:45 am - 7:45 amMIA-ATL 2h 00mnonstop 4:39 pm - 6:26 pmATL-MIA 1h 47mnonstop $33Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 8 - Wed, Feb 14 5:45 am - 7:45 amMIA-ATL 2h 00mnonstop 3:37 pm - 5:39 pmATL-MIA 2h 02mnonstop $34Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 21 - Thu, Jan 4 3:13 pm - 5:19 pmMIA-ATL 2h 06mnonstop 8:53 pm - 10:58 pmATL-MIA 2h 05mnonstop $36Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 20 - Sun, Dec 24 7:32 pm - 9:45 pmMIA-ATL 2h 13mnonstop 4:34 pm - 6:38 pmATL-MIA 2h 04mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Sun, Jan 28 5:45 am - 7:45 amMIA-ATL 2h 00mnonstop 9:45 pm - 11:44 pmATL-MIA 1h 59mnonstop $54 Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Wed, Dec 20 2:10 pm - 9:30 pmMIA-ATL 7h 20m1 stop 10:24 pm - 12:25 amATL-MIA 2h 01mnonstop $55 Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Sun, Jan 14 7:00 am - 9:05 amMIA-ATL 2h 05mnonstop 11:00 pm - 12:54 amATL-MIA 1h 54mnonstop $138Delta Find Deal Fri, Dec 22 - Tue, Jan 2 5:31 pm - 11:53 pmMIA-ATL 6h 22m1 stop 7:00 am - 8:59 amATL-MIA 1h 59mnonstop $177American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 26 - Sat, Dec 30 7:00 am - 9:05 amMIA-ATL 2h 05mnonstop 8:00 am - 9:59 amATL-MIA 1h 59mnonstop $184Delta Find Deal Fri, Dec 22 - Mon, Dec 25 6:25 am - 10:29 amMIA-ATL 4h 04m1 stop 9:21 am - 11:20 amATL-MIA 1h 59mnonstop $187American Airlines Find Deal Thu, Apr 4 - Wed, May 22 Show more results Flights from Miami to Atlanta - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Miami to Atlanta to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Miami to Atlanta? The average price of all flights from Miami to Atlanta clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Miami to Atlanta, you should consider leaving on a Tuesday and avoid Sundays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Miami, you’ll find the best rates on Tuesdays and the most expensive ones on Sundays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Miami to Atlanta? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Miami to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Miami to Atlanta is September, where tickets cost $73 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is $149 and $141 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Miami to Atlanta? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Miami to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Miami to Atlanta, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 13 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Miami to Atlanta? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Miami to Atlanta found on KAYAK was with Spirit Airlines for $18. Spirit Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $33 and Frontier from $36. Which airlines fly most frequently between Miami and Atlanta? Delta connects Miami to Atlanta with up to 5 flights per day. American Airlines also offers 3 flights per day, while Southwest follows with 3 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Miami and Atlanta? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Miami to Atlanta. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Miami to Atlanta. They are: American Airlines, Delta, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $36 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Miami and Atlanta per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 19 nonstop flights that take off from Miami and land in Atlanta, with an average flight time of 2h 03m. The most common departure time is 4:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 102 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Miami and Atlanta? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Miami to Atlanta take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Atlanta from Miami is typically 2h 00m. The journey crosses a distance of 596 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Miami to Atlanta? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Miami at 5:00 am and will be landing in Atlanta at 7:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from Miami to Atlanta? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Miami to Atlanta jets off at 10:39 pm and lands at 12:41 am. Good to know Low season February High season December Cheapest flight $18 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 6% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 33% increase in price. Flight from Miami to Atlanta When to book flights from Miami to Atlanta Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Miami to Atlanta based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Miami to Atlanta Which airlines operate their hubs at Miami International Airport (MIA)? Those flying to Atlanta via Miami International Airport (MIA) should remember that the facility is a hub for American Airlines. Therefore, consider traveling aboard this carrier for accelerated service and excellent amenities. Furthermore, the airline guarantees direct flights from MIA to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL). What are the popular layovers when flying between Miami and Atlanta? Multiple airlines offer one-stop journeys between the two cities when booking your flight to Atlanta at Miami International Airport (MIA). For instance, Spirit Airlines has a layover at O'Hare International Airport (ORD), American Airlines passes through Charlotte Douglas International Airport (CLT), and United Airlines makes a stop at George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH). When landing at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL), which nearby cities can I visit? ATL serves many other towns and cities beyond Atlanta, which you should consider adding to your bucket list. If you prefer exploring towns about an hour’s drive from ATL, consider stopping at Gainesville, Buchanan, Winder, and the Buckhead area near downtown Atlanta. For a farther expedition, head to Gadsen, Cleveland, and Ocoee, all about a two-hour drive away. Does Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport have any pet-relief areas? You won’t have challenges bringing along your cats and dogs on your trip from MIA to ATL. You will find pet-relief areas inside and outside the terminals upon arrival at ATL. Nevertheless, it might be helpful to check with your airline regarding the specific requirements for bringing the pets into the cabin, including medical certificates. Is there a prayer room at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport? Suppose you have just landed and want to thank the Almighty for a safe landing. In that case, you will be glad to learn that ATL has a multifaith sacred sanctuary on the third level of the Main Terminal, adjacent to the escalators leading to the Airport Mall. The amenity operates 24/7. Which family amenities are available at Miami International Airport? Miami International Airport (MIA) is a parents’ favorite as it offers family amenities to enjoy. New moms and their young ones will be happy to find nursing and lactation rooms on every concourse. These suites have comfortable seats, power sockets, sinks, and diaper disposal bins. Does Miami International Airport have a beauty salon? There is a Jetsetter Spa that is located in Concourse H of Miami International Airport and offers manicures, pedicures, and massages. There is also an XpresSpa that provides similar treatments and offers express services, which can be found in Concourse D of the airport. Are there any amenities for business travelers at Miami International Airport? If you would like a quiet place to work or make a quick phone call, go to the business center that is located in between Concourse H and J of Miami International Airport. It has workstations, printers, fax machines, a currency exchange desk, and access to high speed Wi-Fi, and, better yet, it can be accessed for free by all guests. Where can I rent a car at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? To pick up your rental car, take the ATL SkyTrain to head to the Rental Car Center that is located near the main terminal of Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport. In this center, you will find the desks for 12 different rental companies, including Budget, Thrifty, and Enterprise. Do any hotels have a shuttle service to Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? To stay somewhere affordable, book a room at the Drury Inn & Suites Atlanta Airport, which has a free 24h shuttle to Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport and is less than 1m from the Delta Flight Museum. The Hyatt Place Atlanta Airport – South is a chic hotel that also has an airport shuttle and is a 15m drive from the city’s downtown. Do I need a passport to fly between Miami and Atlanta? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Miami to Atlanta? American Airlines, Spirit Airlines, Delta, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Miami to Atlanta flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Miami to Atlanta? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Miami to Atlanta flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Miami to Atlanta? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Miami and Atlanta, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Miami to Atlanta? There are nonstop flights from Miami to Atlanta on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Miami to Atlanta, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Miami to Atlanta are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $207 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $204 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Miami to Atlanta? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Miami to Atlanta. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Miami to Atlanta? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Atlanta from Miami is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Miami to Atlanta? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Atlanta with an airline and back to Miami with another airline. Booking your flights between Miami and ATL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Miami to Atlanta? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Atlanta from Miami up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from MIA to Atlanta Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $74 or less one-way and $103 or less round-trip. Miami International Airport (MIA) features a fabulous art program that includes photographs, drawings, and paintings strategically placed in public spaces around the terminals. Travelers arriving before their flights should consider killing time by marveling at Hector Julio Paride Bernabo’s works in South Terminal H, level 2. To access MIA from the city center of Miami, you will have various transportation options based on your needs, including buses, trains, taxis, and car rentals. Trains provide the most convenient means, and it takes about four minutes to commute from their terminals at the third level between the Flamingo and Dolphin garages to the terminals. Miami International Airport (MIA) remains unbeatable as the departure airport for flights from Miami. This is because of its many enjoyable services and amenities, such as spas, auditorium, chapel, and yoga room. Plus, the establishment sits only eight miles from downtown Miami and is close to public transportation like trams, trains, and buses. If you’re hoping to travel on a budget, look for flights from Miami to Atlanta that are serviced by Frontier Airlines. To have a comfortable seat and free snacks and drinks, opt for Delta or American Airlines instead, both of which allow customers to upgrade their tickets for a small fee. Have some extra time before your flight from Miami to Atlanta takes off? Consider buying a ticket for either the VIP Lounge Miami or Avianca VIP Lounge in Miami International Airport (MIA). Both of these private lounges contains televisions, magazines, rest zones, Wi-Fi access, and boardgames, making them a relaxing yet entertaining place to wait to board your flight. For travelers that enjoy meditation, head to the yoga room in Terminal H of Miami International Airport. Providing guests with free exercise mats and guided DVDs, this room can be accessed by all travelers at no cost and is open during standard airport hours. To quickly charge your phone after your flight has landed, rent a Fuel Rod Charger from Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL). These chargers can go with you anywhere in the airport, and they work with standard charging cords for most portable devices. If you would like to take a quick shower before going to your final destination, buy an entry ticket for the Club at ATL in Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport. This lounge contains several private showers, and it provides guests with all necessary amenities, such as towels, soap, shampoo, and hairdryers. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Miami to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson? Find which airlines fly direct from Miami to Hartsfield-Jackson, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Miami to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Miami Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, American Airlines, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Miami to Atlanta See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Miami to Atlanta. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Miami to Atlanta? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29954 reviews 78comfort 75food 81overall 78entertainment 81boarding 85crew Airline reviews Pros: "The boarding was great and moved very well. The crew super friendly and helpful." Cons: "More information on how to use the complimentary Wifi in the cabin. I had the app and it helped me but it’s not immediately in front of you so the passenger can decide. You guys offer WiFi in packages and most of the other airlines do not."Read more about Delta Pros: "The boarding was great and moved very well. The crew super friendly and helpful." Cons: "More information on how to use the complimentary Wifi in the cabin. I had the app and it helped me but it’s not immediately in front of you so the passenger can decide. You guys offer WiFi in packages and most of the other airlines do not." Pros: "The crew is always smiling and ready to help you and I really like that." Pros: "The Airbus was so futuristic. If you can make it more futuristic, even better." Cons: "I didn't like that I had to put my bag under when there was plenty of room overhead." Pros: "The cookies and soda was good and staff was exceptional. Instead of cheezits, chips would be better" Cons: "Instead of cheezits, please upgrade to chips" Pros: "Movies were good, once in flight it was a smooth ride" Cons: "Communicate better during the delay" Pros: "Everything. Food, staff, checking in. All were great" Cons: "Would have preferred they let me choose a window seat. I wasn’t given the option" Pros: "Crew was great as always. Friendly and professional" Cons: "We had a delay that complicated our getting home but all ended up OK" Pros: "First time flying into Daytona and it was super easy." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Staff are adept at dealing with these issues but it is a systemic problem." Cons: "Rather than pay luggage fees, people are bringing on their luggage and the flight ALWAYS runs out of space. Suitcases are being moved around right at people heads and more than once I've been hit and seen other people be hit in the head by a suitcase. Getting luggage in place used to be a simple and minor issue, now it occupies much of the time, energy, and attention of the cabin crew as well as the gate crew. I realize this is making money for Delta but the cost is being paid by people being hit in the head with luggage and the crew's unavailability to deal with other issues." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Wouldn’t let us take our carry-on because they had overbooked and had no more room in overhead. Delayed our first flight and then our connecting flight left *early*. (If you know you have customers with short connections, why leave early to make their connections even shorter?) Then told us they would not pay for our hotel since it wasn’t their fault. Gave us a “discount” with a nearby hotel that was more expensive than what you could book it for online. Had to wait several hours for them to get us back the carry-on luggage that they insisted we check in the first place." Pros: "The crew was very pleasant and the flight was comfortable." Pros: "Arrived alive." Cons: "Literally everything. Plane was super dirty upon boarding amongst other typical AA complaints." Pros: "Not one thing. AA promised us a hotel. No we did not get that. And because I changed my flight on the phone (cause stuck in airport) said we we were supposed to stay there. We were not Compensated with a food voucher. I was supposed leave St Lucia though Miami and I am disappointed" Cons: "So many ways" Pros: "the wi fi" Cons: "They give me the same seat that other passager has" Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Most of the family were seating apart. I can't understand why?" Pros: "On time" Cons: "Boarding system, come located entertainment o/b, non existan food/snacks" Pros: "The flight itself was about as average as any other flight. At least all our luggage made it from the incoming flight from Key West to join us in Charlotte. That was our final destination but most of the passengers were making additional connections." Cons: "The boarding went like the plane was ready to leave on time, except it didn't. There was a delay because the flight crew came from another arriving flight, so they had to go through the full pre-flight checklist. Then there was a "minor maintenance issue" that couldn't be fixed right away because it was "shift change" for the maintenance crews. Eventually they arrived and fixed whatever, while everyone was getting texts and alerts that kept delaying the departure by 15-minute intervals. Over an hour (while sitting in a warm plane) after the original scheduled departure, we left the gate, sat on the taxiway a while, then took off. Cabin crew only had cookies and drinks, no other snacks or food. All anyone got was an apology for the extended delay." Pros: "The crew was excellent. Grabbed me a blanket. Did not mind the small plane." Cons: "Bumpy ride." Pros: "Left early and landed 20 minutes ahead of schedule. Only bad news was the gate which was on the tarmac and about a mile from the terminal. We needed the extra twenty minutes to reach the terminal on foot. We needed a shut!le!" Cons: "See above" Pros: "Cookies they offered were vegan friendly." Cons: "Had to sit in the very last row which didn’t recline." Pros: "The flight attendants were very courteous." Cons: "Seats are way too close together. I am 6’ tall and if I wasn’t sitting with my rear pressed against the back of the seat, my knees were jammed into the seat in front of me. Zero elbow room. I’m fairly skinny and still thank god I had the aisle seat because with arms at my sides, my shoulders touched the small woman next to me and stuck into the aisle so that when the drink cart came by I had to physically lean toward the windows to get out of the way. No entertainment unless paid for, which is fine, except that the flight attendant and the announcements both stated that at least a movie was included. Outdated jet. No where to charge anything. Couldn’t work on my computer because to type, my elbow took up most of the other persons seat." Pros: "Quiet flight." Cons: "Our luggage didn’t make it to us in its entirety." Pros: "My flight was delayed. So i would miss my meeting in NY Since I would miss the meeting I didnt take the flight. But i have to be in NY for the weekend. So I bought another One Way ticket to NY. But now, I found out since I dindnt take my first leg to NY, united cancel my flight back from NY to Miami! Thats completely unaceptable !!! It happened to me before with American and I could easily take my flight back. I will never fly United again, everytime you have an issue, the only word the attendents know is Unfortunately ... they NEVER help!" Pros: "Free personal device entertainment. Seat was comfortable for coach." Cons: "Flight crew was less than friendly. In flight device was just ok." Cons: "Was forced to pay for a carry on check in while flight was not full and overhead cabins weren't full" Pros: "Everything went good. Crew was professional, flight was on time" Pros: "The flight wasn't too packed." Cons: "My husband and I flew from Newark to Atlanta on 03/12/2017 with United. My husband is active duty military and Alicia assisted us with checking in our baggage. She was very kind and helpful. After retrieving our tickets, we went through Security and my goodness, the process at Newark is awful and TSA WAS EXTREMELY RUDE. That's besides the point. Our flight was delayed because the pilot was not there. Our departure was at 0605 and we didn't leave until 0630. Everyone boarded the plane and we were waiting for the pilot. Then the crew members were pretty rude and not friendly. I know it's an early bird flight but jeez, they can be a little nicer. One stewardess had high heel boots and literally would stomp up and down the aisle. Then she kept saying my purse was not under my seat which it clearly was. I don't know where else she'd like me to put it, maybe in the passengers seat in front of me. I would probably not fly United unless I have no other choice." Pros: "All was handled beautifully!! Great flight and we arrived early!!" Pros: "In efforts to reduce my carbon footprint and reduce my use of plastic bottles and single use plastic cups, I always travel with a refillable stainless steel water bottle. It saddened and frustrated me when during the drink service portion of the flight the flight attendant refused to serve me water in my bottle, which was clean, dry and when uncovered the brim has the same diameter as the plastic cups used on United flights. First the flight attendant just said that she is not allowed to fill my personal bottle but kept offering me several cups of water instead. When I explained that it wasn't because I was really thirsty, it was just that I prefer to not use disposable cups, she proceeded to tell me my bottle was too big to fill anyways and she couldn't give me that much water. I have never had such an averse reaction to trying to be more eco friendly. In fact people are usually thrilled and applaud the Effort. If this is in fact the United policy, I hope united will reconsider it. Every small effort goes towards making a big impact." Pros: "On board entertainment was great." Cons: "For the second flight in a row, our flight was over 2 1/2 hours late. In fact, this flight was three hours late, including the maintenance issues that cropped up once we were all boarded. This came after a 2 1/2 hour wait due to a different maintenance issue with the plane. The gate attendant was extremely uneducated regarding the issue, and how long it would take to resolve. For over an hour, he told us that the plane was taxiing from the hanger. Assuming the hanger was at the same airport we were, I seriously doubt this was the case." Pros: "On time departure and arrival" Cons: "Don’t charge for seat assignments or carry on luggage" Cons: "I ordered food and they forgot about it, didn’t get a refund or anything" Cons: "Flight entry was delayed. Refreshments could have been offered given > 1 hour wait as a gesture of kindness. Baggage Claim was terribly slow adding on another 40 minute wait. The customer is clearly not the focus of this airline." Pros: "Seats need more cushion" Cons: "Have more bilingual (Spanish) crew members to assist the elderly. Wheel chair or the MAAS was not provided even though the plain ticket had the provisions added on to it." Pros: "Everything was done in a timely fashion ...... I got a GREAT price on a relatively last minute flight ..... I got to Atlanta EARLY !!!!!!" Pros: "The boarding went quickly and was well organized" Cons: "That the price to take a small carryon was just as expensive as taking a large suitcase, ended up having to pay and extra $80 r/t for a small bag and I just that's standard for them. There were no barf bags in any seats, believe me everyone around us was looking as the person next to me was getting sick on the landing because it was crazy rough. When we finally were able to get an attendant over she was as rude as could be, I'm sure this sick person next to me was sorry she "inconvenienced" the crew member, if they just put bags in the seats pockets like every other airline this wouldn't have been an issue. The seats were very uncomfortable with no padding and not able to tilt. The tray tables were nonfunctional, too small and did not extend to get anywhere close enough to reach you. The plane ride itself felt like we were on a old school bus on a gravel road. I had a round trip ticket with frontier and both trips were equally as bad. I will never travel with them again, Most of us weren't even sure if we were going to survive take off with out the plan breaking or something." Cons: "My seat was double booked. Felt uncomfortable. Instead of admitting mistake makes you look like you dont belong in flight. Unprofessional . Never flying frontier again. Rather pay extra for comfort and security" Cons: "Frotier airline is rude and not helpful when they are at fault with an issue." Pros: "The crew- they were amazing!" Cons: "That I had to pay for extras, especially the seat when confirming my flight. Didn't I pay already? I'm sure there are a lot in the fine print but that's why it fine print. It's meant to cheat you That's not very ethical" Pros: "The flight was not expensive & the departure times were awesome" Cons: "Having to pay $35.00 for your first bag !!!! & I didn't know that until checking in online !!!" I was traveling with my daughter. I was able to check myself in online with no problem but was unable to check her in online and get boarding pass. After numerous phone calls with Kayak reps we went to bed not knowing if she even had a ticket. We went to airport super early just in case there was a problem and we were able to check her in and get boarding pass. unfortunately we didnt get to sit together im sure because of the different check in times. Then just to finish my experience off i was in the middle seat in between two very large passengers. We couldnt even put the armrests down. The good.....flight landed 30 minutes sooner than expected Pros: "That the flight was over" Cons: "Had to pay for flight, tiny sardine seat, water and people on flight were in a huge hurry to exit plane at gate, hardly waiting for row by row polite deplaning. At least I had an assigned seat! Baggage took a long time to arrive. The crowd on flight were very loud - awkward personal conversations. Crew were good." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Seating was wrong , they gave me a different customer's ticket and had me standing waiting for my seat . Attendant left empty bottle in seating area and walked away . Staff was loud and unproffesional." Pros: "The flight did get me from Chicago to Atlanta successfully, which was essentially the goal. The flight was not at all delayed, which was very appreciated. The staff was wonderfully nice, no complaints." Cons: "The flight was very simple, I was unaware of their baggage policy before arriving to the airport. Other airlines make it clear how much a carry-on will be, I was unaware, and I felt a little tricked when I got to the airport and paid $55 for my bag. I don’t recall it being clear when I purchased my ticket either. I would have likely gone with another airlines if I knew it would be that expensive for a carry-on. No complimentary beverage service on the flight, which would have been nice. Keep expectations low, I don’t really need entertainment or a complimentary beverage service on the flight, is it nice and very appreciated, yes." Pros: "Staff are always very professional and kind." Cons: "Seat mates needed a bath -- BADLY. I don't think there is anything the airlines can do about that!" Pros: "Nice crew" Cons: "Every time I've flown with spirit there's been long delays. I understand it's a cheaper flight but they should still respect people's time a little bit more than they do. At least compensate us with something for the time we lose." Pros: "Flight attendants" Cons: "Food items were expensive, having to swipe my card for a cup of water was quite annoying. Missed my first flight due to baggage being closed out although I tried to check my bags online almost 3 hours before the flight." Pros: "flight was just fine" Cons: "I paid for a seat upgrade I did not get... looked like first 2 rows were the large seats I was in row 8..." Pros: "It was a no frills flight, but it was a good no frills flight" Pros: "Flight left on time" Cons: "staff was not professional nor helpful. baggage fee is outrageous for carry on." Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Miami to Atlanta Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Miami to Atlanta found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 00mMIA-ATL $18 Search 12/16Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 12mMIA-ATL $19 Search 2/5Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 00mMIA-ATL $20 Search 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 12mMIA-ATL $21 Search 12/17Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 00mMIA-ATL $22 Search 12/21Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 20mMIA-ATL $102 Search 12/22Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 51mMIA-ATL $147 Search 12/25Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 40mMIA-ATL $165 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 2h 01mMIA-ATL $167 Search 1/14Sun 1 stopDelta 10h 42mMIA-ATL $183 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$20 or less$20 or less$100 or less$170 or less$180 or less Last minute flights from Miami to Atlanta Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Miami to Atlanta that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 12mMIA-ATL 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 02mATL-MIA $48 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 12mMIA-ATL 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 59mATL-MIA $58 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 12mMIA-ATL 12/11Mon nonstopFrontier 1h 59mATL-MIA $61 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 12mMIA-ATL 12/12Tue nonstop 2h 03mATL-MIA $64 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 12mMIA-ATL 12/11Mon nonstop 2h 03mATL-MIA $65 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 12mMIA-ATL 12/14Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 00mATL-MIA $68 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 00mMIA-ATL 12/13Wed nonstop 1h 59mATL-MIA $69 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 00mMIA-ATL 12/11Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 03mATL-MIA $70 Search 12/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 59mMIA-ATL 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 03mATL-MIA $87 Search 12/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 59mMIA-ATL 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 03mATL-MIA $101 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit Airlines Search by price$60 or less$60 or less$70 or less$70 or less$100 or less Miami - Atlanta Flights Departure: Miami (MIA)United States Destination: Atlanta (ATL)United States Return flight deals: Atlanta - Miami Cabin classes: $580 First Class flights to Atlanta $672 Business Class flights to Atlanta $515 Prem Econ Class flights to Atlanta $38 Economy Class flights to Atlanta Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Miami $32Flights from Miami to Atlanta Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $32Flights to Atlanta, Atlanta Compare transportation modes for Miami to Atlanta Average price Average duration Flights $762 2h 00m Buses $217 16h 20m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Philadelphia Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Ontario Flights to Charlotte Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Atlanta flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Atlanta from Miami. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Atlanta from Miami. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.