Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Rome from $277 | (SFO - ROM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - ROM Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Rome from $277 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Rome These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Rome. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Rome. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Rome?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Rome that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:40 pm - 12:05 amSFO-FCO 22h 25m1 stop 7:35 pm - 2:15 pmFCO-SFO 27h 40m1 stop $430TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Mon, Feb 5 4:40 pm - 11:55 pmSFO-FCO 22h 15m1 stop 4:35 pm - 2:55 pmFCO-SFO 31h 20m1 stop $439TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Sat, Feb 3 - Fri, Feb 9 8:25 pm - 7:55 pmSFO-FCO 14h 30m1 stop 8:45 pm - 6:35 pmFCO-SFO 30h 50m1 stop $464Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 9 - Sun, Apr 14 8:25 pm - 7:55 pmSFO-FCO 14h 30m1 stop 9:15 pm - 6:35 pmFCO-SFO 30h 20m2 stops $475Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 9 - Tue, Apr 16 6:50 am - 11:25 amSFO-FCO 19h 35m1 stop 10:25 am - 11:11 pmFCO-SFO 21h 46m1 stop $547ITA Airways Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Fri, Feb 2 8:30 am - 11:10 amSFO-FCO 17h 40m1 stop 9:25 am - 1:05 pmFCO-SFO 12h 40mnonstop $553ITA Airways Find Deal Thu, Feb 29 - Thu, Mar 7 8:30 am - 11:15 amSFO-FCO 17h 45m1 stop 8:05 am - 2:55 pmFCO-SFO 15h 50m1 stop $574United Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Tue, Dec 19 8:25 am - 8:30 amSFO-FCO 15h 05m1 stop 8:05 am - 2:55 pmFCO-SFO 15h 50m1 stop $579United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Fri, Dec 22 6:25 pm - 9:55 pmSFO-FCO 18h 30m1 stop 6:55 am - 5:40 pmFCO-SFO 18h 45m1 stop $629Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 28 - Wed, Mar 13 7:15 pm - 11:20 pmSFO-FCO 19h 05m1 stop 3:30 pm - 4:35 pmFCO-SFO 34h 05m1 stop $636Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Apr 24 - Wed, May 8 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Rome - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Rome to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest San Francisco to Rome flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from San Francisco to Rome. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from San Francisco to Rome cost $452 and was between San Francisco and Rome Fiumicino Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $583. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Francisco to Rome? The average price of all flights from San Francisco to Rome clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from San Francisco to Rome, look for departures on Mondays and avoid leaving on a Friday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Rome, Thursday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Rome? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Rome is February, where tickets cost $657 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,673 and $1,624 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Rome? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Rome, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 10 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Rome? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from San Francisco to Rome found on KAYAK was with Scandinavian Airlines for $316. TAP AIR PORTUGAL proposed a round-trip connection from $430 and Scandinavian Airlines from $464. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Francisco and Rome? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Francisco to Rome. There is just one airline that flies from San Francisco to Rome direct and that is ITA Airways. The best one-way deal found from ITA Airways for the route is $600. How many flights are there between San Francisco and Rome per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from San Francisco and lands in Rome, with an average flight time of 11h 50m. The most common departure time is 3:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 1 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and Rome? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to Rome take? Direct flights take on average 11h 50m to travel the 6,246 miles between San Francisco and Rome. What’s the earliest departure time from San Francisco to Rome? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Francisco at 3:05 pm and will be landing in Rome at 11:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Francisco to Rome? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Francisco to Rome jets off at 3:10 pm and lands at 12:20 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $277 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 38% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 48% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to Rome Ciampino When to book flights from San Francisco to Rome Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Rome based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Francisco to Rome Are there any hotels near Rome Ciampino International Airport (CIA)? If you want to catch some zzz’s after being cooped up in an airplane seat for hours, consider booking a room at Residenza d’Epoca Pietra Ponente. Enjoy complimentary airport transportation, a free breakfast, and kids’ amenities at this facility. You may also choose to unwind at Hotel Villa Giulia which easily links you to the airport via shuttle services on request and trains. The facility offers bowling, horse riding, and an off-site tennis court at a fee. Are there family facilities at FCO? FCO is a traveler’s paradise for those tagging along with their tots. In addition to nurseries close to Gates E11, E44, and A01 equipped with changing tables and cots for toddlers, the Arrivals Area of Terminal 1 and Terminal 3 hosts areas with kids’ games. You may also check out art installations and murals at the airport with your kids at the external wall of Terminal 1. Those who have checked in at Hilton Hotel Rome Airport at FCO may spot planes landing and take-off on the third to the fifth floor of the hotel. What accessible services are offered at Rome Ciampino Airport (CIA)? Rome Ciampino Airport has gone a long way to avail resources for passengers with reduced mobility. There are wheelchair-accessible facilities and lifts as well as designated parking spaces in front of the terminals free of charge. CIA’s restrooms are also wheelchair-accessible. You can arrange special assistance and wheelchairs with your airline as you make flight reservations. Are pets welcome at San Francisco Airport? You and your four-legged companion are welcome at San Francisco International Airport (SFO). However, note that some restrictions and rules apply. Your pet should be kenneled while at the airport premises unless when going for potty breaks or through security screenings. Pet relief areas can be found close to Gate F11 and Courtyard 4 of Terminal 3 and close to Gate C5-C7 of Terminal 1C. Are there on-site hotels at Leonardo da Vinci Airport? If you arrive late at Leonardo Da Vinci International Airport and you need to stay overnight, Hilton Rome Airport hotel is about 5min walking distance away from Terminals 1, 2, and 3. You can also stay at the HelloSky facility that's directly in front of Terminal 1 and Terminal 3. Which airlines fly from San Francisco International Airport (SFO) to Leonardo da Vinci Airport (FCO)? Some of the airlines flying from San Francisco Airport to Leonardo da Vinci Airport include Alaska Airlines, United Airlines, British Airways, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, KLM, and Turkish Airlines. These airlines offer flights with one or more layovers in various cities but no nonstop flights. How do you go from Leonardo da Vinci Airport to Rome’s city center quickly? Leonardo da Vinci Airport has a dedicated airport train known as the Leonardo Express. It runs about every 30min and goes non-stop to Termini Station in Rome’s city center in about half an hour. The airport train station is connected to the passenger terminals by a walkway. Are there lounges at Leonardo da Vinci Airport? If you're waiting for someone to pick you up at the Leonardo da Vinci Airport, there are several lounges where you can relax as you wait. These include the Emirates Lounge, British Airways Lounge, Prima Vista Lounge, and Star Alliance Lounge. You'll also find the HelloSky, Casa Alitalia, and Plaza Premium Lounges that offer several incredible complimentary amenities, including premium food, beer & wine, showers, and much more. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Rome? Yes Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Francisco to Rome? Only Alaska Airlines offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Francisco to Rome flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Rome? The Boeing 777 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to Rome flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Rome? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between San Francisco and Rome. On which days can I fly direct from San Francisco to Rome? You can catch a nonstop flight from San Francisco to Rome on on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Rome, Turkish Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Rome are Turkish Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $747 and an overall rating of 7.9, Turkish Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,283 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Rome? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Rome. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Rome? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Rome from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Rome? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Rome with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Rome? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Rome from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from San Francisco to Rome Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $711 or less one-way and $668 or less round-trip. Most of the flights to Rome have at least one stopover. Layover destinations depend on your airline. Common changeovers include Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG), Harry Reid Airport (LAX), and Amsterdam Schiphol (AMS). Single layover flights are more sustainable than double-stop flights from San Francisco to Rome with approximately 4,947 kg of carbon being released per person. Eco-friendlier airlines flying this route include Delta and KLM and they produce 44% less carbon. FCO features two operating terminals, Terminal 1 and Terminal 3. You can easily travel between these terminals by walking as they are a short distance from one another. Exchange your dollars for euros for a hassle-free trip to Rome at the several Travelex America currency exchange offices found at the International Terminal of SFO and one at Boarding Area F, Terminal 3. There are also Travelex ATMs located at Boarding Area A close to Gate A10 and Boarding Area G close to Gate G91. There are several First Aid Clinics found throughout Rome Fiumicino Airport (FCO) if you require medical care after your flight to Rome. For passengers who require pharmacy services, head to the pharmacy in Landside, Terminal 1. There is also Angelini Health and Care at both Boarding Areas E and C. San Francisco is served by San Francisco International Airport (SFO). It's about 13 miles away from Downtown San Francisco and you can get there by train, bus, or taxi. Take the BART train from Union Square and get off at SFO Airport. Alternatively, take the SamTrans buses, though they may take longer due to multiple stops. Taxis, Uber, and Lyft could get you there much faster. Rome has two major airports you can fly into, Leonardo da Vinci International Airport (FCO), also known as Fiumicino International Airport, and Rome Ciampino Giovan Battista Pastine Airport (CIA). Leonardo da Vinci Airport is about 18 miles away from Downtown Rome, which places Ciampino Airport a lot closer at about 9 miles away. If you arrive early for your flight at San Francisco Airport, you can relax at one of the airline lounges. Virgin Atlantic, United Airlines, Delta Air Lines, American Airlines, and Air France all have lounges and clubs. Platinum Cardmembers can use the Centurion Lounge that has some incredible amenities, including showers. There's also a USO Lounge with just as many amenities, including books, a nursery, a gaming station, Wi-Fi, and so much more. San Francisco International Airport offers special services, such as the Airports Butler, an airport concierge service. They help with various types of services from check-in to assistance with small children, senior citizens, non-English speaking travelers, personal shopping, meet and greet, and so much more. San Francisco Airport features baby care facilities, medical services, interactive Kids'Spot play areas, and self-guided tours. You'll also find exhibits on cultural, arts, scientific, and historical topics. There are several special amenities, including a SkyTerrace, spa services such as massages, manicures, pedicures, and waxing at XpresSpa, and yoga rooms for those who want to practice yoga at no charge. If you'd like to take a shower, head over to Freshen Up at the International Terminal and wash off for about $25. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Francisco to Rome? Find which airlines fly direct from San Francisco to Rome, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Francisco to Rome Search Flights Tuesday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Thursday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Saturday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more See more direct flights Nonstop returns Rome to San Francisco Search Flights Tuesday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Thursday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Saturday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Rome See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Rome. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Rome? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29954 reviews 85crew 81overall 81boarding 78entertainment 75food 78comfort Airline reviews Cons: "My monitor isn’t really working after rebooted. And the audio hole wasn’t tight enough"Read more about Delta Cons: "My monitor isn’t really working after rebooted. And the audio hole wasn’t tight enough" Pros: "Terrible seats! It keeps getting worse." Cons: "Timing of leaving the airport! It was delayed and I missed my international flight" Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "Crew did not serve breakfast because flight arrived earlier How about better communication with pilot?" Pros: "Flew us safely home." Cons: "We waiting on the runway for over a long period." Pros: "Food was good, boarding was fast and efficient" Cons: "Smallest seats I’ve seen in a while. Very uncomfortable. Still haven’t announced baggage carousel but that’s jfk for ya. WiFi didn’t work on flight either." Pros: "Good movies and tv selection. Seat next to me was empty, so that was great." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Call back service was best part." Cons: "Booked ticket through venture card points. This meant that the email address and phone number to contact us in the event of changes was mediocre information. I was informed from Tripit that the flight was delayed, not by Delta. Reservation personnel took logical course of action to find new flight for connection that we could make because of delayed initial flight. I would recommend that they first see if there is an earlier initial flight that the customer could make, then look at finding later connecting flights. We found out about delay 8 hours prior, so we had plenty of time to get to the airport earlier. Total delay required me to take additional day off of work." Pros: "Everyone was really nice and responsive." Cons: "Seats are a little older. Not as comfortable as other flights. But not bad." Cons: "Delta airlines has very poor costumer service. THE WORST I HAVE EXPERIENCED. I wasn't the only one feeling this way, I witness a couple people fighting on the phone like me. When my 1st flight was delayed I asked to be rebooked then and the delta employee insisted that I would make my connection. I didn't make it. This is not all. I could have gotten to a near city several hours after but on the same day, but the mediocrecy of this employes did not allow me to get there until the next day at 7 am. Happy new year to me. This two women (or one of them) on the phone, lied to me. There was an option to get me here and one of them failed to do their job right AND LIED TO MY FACE ON THE PHONE. Just unacceptable. I will sue them, I had an under age waiting for me in Cancun and a pet with me!. With no food or access to do its necessities. AND THERE WAS AN OPTION THAT "they missed" on porpuse." Cons: "The aircraft arrived late in Istanbul for the connecting flight to Egypt causing us to miss out flight which made us wait 5+ hours in the airport which was a huge inconvenience." Pros: "Timing. Food and service" Cons: "Unanounced delay of about one hour due to long unexplained route" Pros: "Food and entertainment was great." Cons: "Delayed at origin and layover. Crew was a bit hard to track down at times." Cons: "The booking experience was exceptionally bad. Never again through you." Pros: "Excellent service and food. Good selection of movies. Great overall experience." Cons: "Crying baby and squealing toddler." Pros: "Food Free wine and drinks Good movie selection Good headphones Good and nice team" Cons: "Istanbul Airport: Overcrowding at Arrival / Transit Terminal Way finding-poor signage for transit passengers" Pros: "The service was excellent and the staff was so professional and nice" Pros: "Seat space continued to be better than BA. Nice surprise to get an evening meal on the last leg to Rome. I actually was able to sleep a bit on this smaller airplane as well. Crew went out of its way to help people board and load bags overhead. They seemed very attentive, and tried to provide extra drink options even." Cons: "Boarding process at IST was a challenge. We left from a remote gate, and the agent didn't seem interested in the boarding process. I heard no announcements, maybe because it didn't matter as everyone was crowding the door 15 minutes before boarding began. The agent seemed perturbed, but I've seen it on almost every Italian bound flight. No one wants to wait. It is actually a bit amusing to watch the struggle between boarding policies and a group of people who seem determined to ignore them. The buses were also pretty well packed. More so in Rome than IST. Not much organization in loading at either place. After all the passport control they left us to walk outside to wait for the bus. Maybe you can tell I'm not a fan of remote gates." Pros: "Good connection from SFO to TLV. Good service good food" Cons: "No problem" All and all pretty good. It’s crowded but that is what flying is all about. But no complaints otherwise. Cons: "No internet available (2020). For the my previous flight, a month ago, was the same problem." Pros: "Seats were super comfortable, bigger than most planes with extra leg room. Food was excellent and fresh, amazing Dutch cheese sampler was divine. No nonsense staff who had all connecting flight info on hand when we arrived in Abu Dhabi. KLM staff were friendly and efficient. Fabulous airline." Cons: "Flight 2 hours delayed, started boarding but had to wait on line 10 more minutes on boarding ramp for plane door to be opened, upon landing in Dublin had to wait on tarmac for anther 15 minutes for stairs to arrive and be connected to airplane. Then had to wait another hour for checked luggage...." Cons: "We were allowed to choose our seats from SFO to Amsterdam but not for the return flight. I like to be able to choise my seats when I book the flight. Choosing seats 24 hours before is not convenient when traveling for the return trip." Pros: "The crew was amazing and the food was great." Cons: "Something did not go right with our booking so it took some work for the airline to get it figured out for us. Thankfully we had left plenty of time. But that was an unexpected stress." Cons: "The check in desk was late opening & the carry on luggage size was smaller than advertised on their website, so it had to be put in the hold. Open on time to prevent less stress to travelers & give more accurate information about cabin luggage." Cons: "The flight was cancelled and had to be rerouted on United Airlines." Cons: "Turn the lights on early making it hard to sleep" Cons: "None of our 4 checked bags arrived with us. This was despite ample connection time (2+ hours) in Amsterdam." Pros: "The flight barely had a bump and was on time. Service was terrific and, for a regular economy seat, I didn't feel too squished. The entire experience was highly positive." Pros: "Friendly staff. Free drink and snack. Comfy seats and very easy boarding process" Cons: "I travelled economy and found the seats not very enabling for big and tall folks as myself ! Other than that I highly recommend flying Lufthansa" Pros: "The flight attendants were wonderful." Cons: "You take a bus to reach the plane and the seats are uncomfortable without any entertainment systems. Thankfully the flight was only 1.5 hours." Pros: "It was overall a great flying experience." Cons: "One of my connections was way too short. I almost missed my flight. I had to run!" Pros: "Excellent service. They really brought around the drinks and food and seemed to be there when you were looking for more." Cons: "Having to go through passport control and security a second time took too much time for the connection between flights." Pros: "I liked the seats, the space for our legs and the crew members" Pros: "Crew was nice." Cons: "This was an emergency trip to see my mother who was in the hospital. The flight was delayed so I had no option but to board the next day since I wouldn't be able to make it to the connecting flight in Frankfurt. They couldn't give me another connecting flight since it was all full. Because I booked my ticket only hours before my flight, they said it might not be possible to fulfil my meal request since there's a 24 hours cut off. However, now I had to cone back to the airport and take the next days flight which gave the airline more than 24 hours from my original meal request. I still did not get the meal I requested, the crew didn't know about it and didn't have any to spare. This was my first time flying Lufthansa, I probably won't try it again." Pros: "The hospitality crew that was at SFO gave us the location of a lounge to go to which closed at 8 pm. The time they gave the location was at 8.25 pm. She was uninformed and not very highly trained. Lounge was disgusting. Messy, crowded - seemed like a 2nd class waiting room in an Indian railway station. The boarding was very poorly managed by the same lady!" Cons: "Lounge, crew, boarding area" Flight was missed and now we have to catch one the next day Pros: "The crew was very attentive, helpful and wonderful. I’d like to mention food too: excellent, fresh and wholesome!" Pros: "Of all the flights I checked this was the most convenient in timely manner and comfortable." Cons: "Movie options." Cons: "Good airline teamed up with crappy American brings them down. Don't waste money!!" Pros: "All good, especiallly cabin crew who appear to actually enjoy their jobs and interacting with passenger (unlike some supposedly premium carriers)." Cons: "All good, especiallly cabin crew who appear to actually enjoy their jobs and interacting with passenger (unlike some supposedly premium carriers)." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "They canceled the flight after 5 hours of us sitting on the plane. They sent us away and told us to check back in in the morning. There’s been no communication since. I’m still at the airport. It’s been 16+ hours." Cons: "My luggage didn't arrive to Helsinki and has been two days since I have inform and they said it was going to come the next flight but didn't sent it. I have been two days with the same cloths and no cleaning products, so disappointing they don't seem to care of all the inconvenience I have been experiencing." Pros: "If you picked the wrong line then check in took 40 minutes, arrive early!" Pros: "Decent flight from SFO to HEL, friendly staff ..." Cons: "Ran out of food options from SFO to HEL. I was sitting towards the end of the plane ... and no more chicken so got stuck with the pork and mashed potatoes options. Need more coffee aboard the flight. ANA cleans the bathroom periodically, and wouldn't be bad to do the same on long flights. The arm rest between seats don't go all the way up, only half way. If the person in front of you is asleep during meal service, the FA (flight attendant) won't lift the seat and it may be a very uncomfortable meal experience. Other airlines will have the FA do it themselves. ...and you need to be careful about staying awake to get food (otherwise you can get forgotten)." Pros: "nonstop to Helsinki was great...I have done this route over 100 times and this was the first time non-stop. When you have 17-19 hours travel time in your head door to door and then it is 12 - you really appreciate the extra time. THANK YOU!" Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Finnair7.7 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Rome Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Rome found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/6Tue 2 stops 21h 35mSFO-CIA $277 Search 4/23Tue 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 14h 30mSFO-FCO $316 Search 12/6Wed 3 stops 37h 27mSFO-CIA $320 Search 12/7Thu nonstopITA Airways 12h 10mSFO-FCO $364 Search 12/23Sat 1 stopBritish Airways 36h 34mSFO-FCO $441 Search 12/6Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 22h 58mSFO-FCO $507 Search 12/5Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 22h 23mSFO-FCO $513 Search 2/12Mon 1 stopBritish Airways 23h 36mSFO-FCO $536 Search 12/28Thu nonstopITA Airways 11h 50mSFO-FCO $611 Search 4/22Mon 1 stopTurkish Airlines 19h 05mSFO-FCO $670 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineScandinavian AirlinesITA AirwaysBritish AirwaysUnited AirlinesTurkish Airlines Search by price$320 or less$360 or less$510 or less$540 or less$670 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Rome Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Rome that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopIberia 18h 50mSFO-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopIberia 21h 39mFCO-SFO $527 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 16h 30mSFO-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopBritish Airways 18h 51mFCO-SFO $531 Search 12/2Sat nonstopITA Airways 11h 50mSFO-FCO 12/9Sat nonstopITA Airways 12h 40mFCO-SFO $534 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopIberia 18h 50mSFO-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopIberia 26h 09mFCO-SFO $536 Search 12/2Sat nonstopITA Airways 11h 50mSFO-FCO 12/12Tue nonstopITA Airways 12h 40mFCO-SFO $565 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 23h 50mSFO-FCO 12/10Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 18h 19mFCO-SFO $567 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 22h 23mSFO-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 29h 33mFCO-SFO $578 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopLufthansa 15h 56mSFO-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopLufthansa 23h 27mFCO-SFO $618 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopLufthansa 17h 05mSFO-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopLufthansa 34h 35mFCO-SFO $632 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopTurkish Airlines 18h 30mSFO-FCO 12/8Fri multi-stopTurkish Airlines 18h 45mFCO-SFO $1,317 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineIberiaBritish AirwaysITA AirwaysUnited AirlinesLufthansaTurkish Airlines Search by price$530 or less$540 or less$570 or less$620 or less$1,320 or less San Francisco - Rome Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: Rome - San Francisco Cabin classes: First Class flights to Rome $2,887 Business Class flights to Rome $1,922 Prem Econ Class flights to Rome $583 Economy Class flights to Rome Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $401Flights from San Francisco to Rome Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Italy » Rome $679Flights to Rome Ciampino Airport, Rome $401Flights to Rome Fiumicino Airport, Rome Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Rome flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Rome from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Rome from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.