Cheap Flights to Los Angeles from $33 in 2023/24 - KAYAK Find flights Deals When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX Find cheap flights to Los Angeles from $33 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Los Angeles These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results for flights to Los Angeles ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results for flights to Los Angeles How much is the cheapest flight to Los Angeles?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights to Los Angeles that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:40 pm - 9:36 amSEA-LAX 11h 56m1 stop 7:56 pm - 9:58 amLAX-SEA 14h 02m1 stop $64Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Mon, Jan 8 10:00 pm - 10:29 amSEA-LAX 12h 29m1 stop 12:35 pm - 9:10 pmLAX-SEA 8h 35m1 stop $66Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Wed, Feb 7 6:00 am - 8:54 amSEA-LAX 2h 54mnonstop 7:36 pm - 10:34 pmLAX-SEA 2h 58mnonstop $90American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Mon, Jan 29 6:30 am - 9:12 amSEA-LAX 2h 42mnonstop 7:10 pm - 10:00 pmLAX-SEA 2h 50mnonstop $119United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Thu, Mar 7 8:15 am - 12:03 pmBOS-LAX 6h 48mnonstop 7:55 am - 4:19 pmLAX-BOS 5h 24mnonstop $138JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Tue, Jan 30 9:15 am - 3:05 pmSEA-LAX 5h 50m1 stop 7:10 pm - 10:10 pmLAX-SEA 3h 00mnonstop $139United Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sun, Jan 21 11:19 am - 6:09 pmBOS-LAX 9h 50m1 stop 1:30 pm - 10:01 pmLAX-BOS 5h 31mnonstop $148JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Tue, Jan 30 7:30 am - 3:10 pmSEA-LAX 7h 40m1 stop 11:05 am - 2:09 pmLAX-SEA 3h 04mnonstop $152Delta Find Deal Tue, Feb 20 - Tue, Feb 27 8:00 am - 10:51 amDCA-LAX 5h 51mnonstop 12:50 pm - 8:45 pmLAX-DCA 4h 55mnonstop $158American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Sat, Jan 27 3:20 pm - 6:01 pmSEA-LAX 2h 41mnonstop 7:55 pm - 10:56 pmLAX-SEA 3h 01mnonstop $158Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Sun, Jan 28 Show more results Good to know Low season January High season March Cheapest flight $33 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 17% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 5% increase in price. Flight from Seattle to Los Angeles When to book flights to Los Angeles Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel to Los Angeles based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. The information is for flights to Los Angeles based on your location. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. Average price per month To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each departure date. Flight prices as travel date approaches To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. FAQs - booking Los Angeles flights Are there any other airports in Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)? Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) is the largest and most important airport in Los Angeles' metropolitan area. However, it is not the only airport. Other airports are a gateway to the city: Long Beach Airport (LGB), John Wayne Airport, Orange County (SNA), Hollywood Burbank Airport (BUR), and Ontario International Airport (ONT). LAX is the airport of choice for many travelers because it is close to the city center. How many terminals does LLos Angeles International Airport (LAX) have? Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) has nine terminals. The airport provides free shuttle transportation from one terminal to another. The shuttles also transport passengers from the terminals to the LAX City Bus Centre, Economy Parking, employee parking lots, and the Metro C Line at Aviation Station. You can pick up the shuttles at the Lower or Arrival level in front of each terminal. The areas are marked with PINK LAZ Shuttle signs. Do hotels in Los Angeles offer shuttle service from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)? Many of the hotels in the neighboring areas to the airport offer free shuttle service, such as The Westin Los Angeles Airport, The Hilton Los Angeles Airport and the Holiday Inn Express Los Angeles - Lax Airport. All of these hotels and many more can be found on the KAYAK website. How to get from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) into the city? There are multiple transportation options available for traveling from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to Los Angeles proper. These options include renting a car, hiring a private driver, taking the Metro Rail Green Line via a shuttle bus, utilizing services like FlyAway or similar shuttle bus providers, or taking city buses. When deciding on the best method for your journey from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to Los Angeles proper, consider factors such as cost, convenience, and personal preferences. Where can I store my luggage at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)? Luggage storage can be convenient for travelers, especially during layovers. Since Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) does not have electronic lockers and oversize storage facilities, you must visit the Airport's Tenant Directory and choose Baggage Services for listings if you want to store your luggage. How far is Disneyland from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)? Disneyland is a magical amusement park in Los Angeles. There is so much to do and enjoy at the park. The park is 34 miles from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). Some shuttles can take you from the airport to the park. You can also use public transportation. However, these two options are time-consuming. The fastest way to get to the park is by taxi, which will take 35 minutes. What to do in Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)? For travelers with some extra downtime at the airport, the LAX Art Program is available to enhance their experience. The program aims to provide unique art experiences that improve and humanize the travel journey. Throughout the airport's public spaces, travelers can discover temporary art exhibitions and even enjoy occasional live performances. Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) understands the power of positivity in setting the right tone for a trip, and the Art Program is dedicated to facilitating that. Are there good restaurants in Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)? There are many high quality restaurants in the airport from burger shacks to wine bars. Some of the highly rated restaurants include Trejos Tacos, Chaya Bar, Petrossian Caviar & Champagne Bar and Umami Burger. How long is the flight to Los Angeles? Flights from Boston 6h 07m Flights from Seattle 2h 50m Flights from Newark 5h 51m Flights from San Francisco 1h 29m Flights from Chicago 4h 24m What is the cheapest flight to Los Angeles? The cheapest airline ticket to Los Angeles from the United States in the last 72 hours was $33 one-way, and $64 round-trip on the route from Seattle to Los Angeles. The most popular route is from San Francisco to Los Angeles and the cheapest ticket found on this route in the last 72 hours was $75 round-trip. Which airlines fly to Los Angeles? Many airlines fly to Los Angeles, the most common ones being American Airlines, Air France, and Aeromexico. How far is Los Angeles from central Los Angeles? There are 9 miles between Los Angeles city center and Los Angeles. What is the name of Los Angeles’s airport? All flights to Los Angeles land at Los Angeles. The airport code is LAX,and it can also be referred to as Los Angeles or Los Angeles Intl. How much is a flight to Los Angeles? On average, a flight to Los Angeles costs $308. The cheapest price found on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks cost $22 and departed from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Airport. What is the cheapest day to fly to Los Angeles? Based on KAYAK data, the cheapest day to fly to Los Angeles is Monday. On the other hand, the most expensive day to fly is Saturday. What is the cheapest month to fly to Los Angeles? The cheapest month for flights to Los Angeles is January. On the other hand, the most expensive months are January and November. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights to Los Angeles? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights to Los Angeles. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket to Los Angeles? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights to Los Angeles? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Los Angeles with an airline and back with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight to Los Angeles? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Los Angeles Looking for cheap airfare to Los Angeles? 25% of our users found tickets to Los Angeles for the following prices or less: From Chicago O'Hare Intl $129 one-way - $183 round-trip, from Newark $138 one-way - $188 round-trip, from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl $154 one-way - $276 round-trip Book at least 2 weeks before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be June and July. The cheapest month to fly from United States is January. Enter your preferred departure airport and travel dates into the search form above to unlock the latest Los Angeles flight deals. Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) is the second largest airport in the US. It can get confusing to navigate such a big airport. Fortunately, LAX has Volunteer Information Professionals or VIPs to offer assistance. VIPs are located at the arrival areas in all terminals. Their bright red jackets distinguish them from the rest of the people. Lyft, Uber, and Opoli are the only authorized ride apps at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). You can access these ride app services from the LAX-it lot, located next to Terminal 1. If you are far from the lot, you have the option to take the free LAX-it shuttles to reach it. Walking to the lot is also an option One of the most convenient transportation options to reach popular locations in Los Angeles from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) is the FlyAway shuttle bus service. FlyAway provides scheduled stops at various locations throughout Los Angeles, including Union Station, Westwood, Hollywood, Long Beach, and the San Fernando Valley. Tickets for the FlyAway service cost approximately $10. Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) offers rental luggage carts to travelers, conveniently located at the upper and lower levels of all terminals. Renting a luggage cart costs $5, and payment can be made in cash or with debit/credit cards. Stressed from your flight to Los Angeles? LAX's Pets Unstressing Passengers (PUP) program is perfect for you. The PUP program consists of registered service dogs that are available to help you destress before or after your flight. For travelers with kids, the "LAX Beach" play area in Tom Bradley International Terminal (TBIT) is a great place for them to burn off some extra energy. The play area features a slide, along with other toys, designed for children between the ages of 2 and 8. LAX understands the importance of pets and offers convenient "Pet Parks" for travelers who can't leave their furry friends behind. These outdoor dog parks are located on the Lower Level/Arrivals, providing designated areas for pets to stretch their legs. After passing security, indoor pet relief stations are available near Gates 13, 21, 52B, 62, 73, the Terminal 3 atrium, and both sides of the TBIT/T-4 Bridge. The Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) has a fantastic art program. In collaboration with Los Angeles' Department of Cultural Affairs, LAX presents an average of 20 art exhibitions annually. These exhibitions are located at departure and arrival areas for all travelers and the public to enjoy. If you find yourself with some time to kill, you should have a look at them. If you find yourself with a few hours of spare time either before or after your flight to Los Angeles, the Theme Building and Observation Deck are well worth a visit. The Deck is located in the Central Terminal area and is open the second weekend of each month on Saturdays and Sundays from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. At the center of the passenger terminal stands the Theme Building, a cultural and historic structure that is 62 years old. This iconic building showcases 135-foot-high parabolic arches and hosts a permanent art piece in its courtyard. The art piece, titled 'Recovering Equilibrium,' takes the shape of a compass and incorporates words and phrases that reflect national perceptions. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop to Los Angeles? Find which airlines fly direct to Los Angeles, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures United States to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday AIR PREMIA, ANA, Aer Lingus, +87 more AIR PREMIA, ANA, +88 more 86 87 Tuesday AIR PREMIA, ANA, Aer Lingus, +87 more AIR PREMIA, ANA, +88 more 86 87 Wednesday AIR PREMIA, ANA, Aer Lingus, +86 more AIR PREMIA, ANA, +87 more 85 86 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +91 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +92 more 90 91 Friday AIR PREMIA, ANA, Aer Lingus, +89 more AIR PREMIA, ANA, +90 more 88 89 Saturday AIR PREMIA, ANA, Aer Lingus, +89 more AIR PREMIA, ANA, +90 more 88 89 Sunday AIR PREMIA, ANA, Aer Lingus, +90 more AIR PREMIA, ANA, +91 more 89 90 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Los Angeles to United States Search Flights Monday AIR PREMIA, ANA, Aer Lingus, +87 more AIR PREMIA, ANA, +88 more 86 87 Tuesday AIR PREMIA, ANA, Aer Lingus, +87 more AIR PREMIA, ANA, +88 more 86 87 Wednesday AIR PREMIA, ANA, Aer Lingus, +86 more AIR PREMIA, ANA, +87 more 85 86 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +91 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +92 more 90 91 Friday AIR PREMIA, ANA, Aer Lingus, +89 more AIR PREMIA, ANA, +90 more 88 89 Saturday AIR PREMIA, ANA, Aer Lingus, +89 more AIR PREMIA, ANA, +90 more 88 89 Sunday AIR PREMIA, ANA, Aer Lingus, +90 more AIR PREMIA, ANA, +91 more 89 90 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines flying to Los Angeles See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying to Los Angeles. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline from the United States to Los Angeles. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with to Los Angeles? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 86overall 78food 90crew 87boarding 84comfort 80entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "The crew, the service on the plane and boarding was great. Even the captain kept us informed of the reason for the delay." Cons: "When booking flights, I expect to arrive within a 15 minute cushion. But this flights was 2.5 hours late to arrive to the destination." Pros: "The crew, the service on the plane and boarding was great. Even the captain kept us informed of the reason for the delay." Cons: "When booking flights, I expect to arrive within a 15 minute cushion. But this flights was 2.5 hours late to arrive to the destination." Pros: "Average" Cons: "Been on time (both flights were late) and offered a competitive direct flight." Cons: "Plane was a little older. But the staff was terrific" Pros: "It’s Southwest. Meaning lost cost, no frills, but more importantly no extra fees. They will get you where you need to go." Pros: "Onboard Wifi was cheap" Cons: "Really dislike the Southwest boarding method with no seat assignment." Cons: "Annoying fellow passengers playing music without headphones and waking me up by touching me wktj their belongings and hair" Pros: "The crew was attentive." Cons: "No phone chargers on the plane. WiFi was not available for that particular flight. We sat on the plane at the gate for almost an hour before the plane started moving and the crew said the delays were due to “paperwork”" Pros: "I thought the crew was very nice and the flight was smooth" Cons: "It was the last flight of the night and the crew was very loud. I just wanted to sleep but the crew wanted to talk." Cons: "the original flight was cancelled. the replacement flight was delayed. then we sat on the runway with no updates for almost 40 minutes. and we landed a half hour after the predicted landing time of 115p with no announcements to keep us updated. the woman next to me was stressing because of a connect" Pros: "Crew was good, boarding went fine. Service was also good" Cons: "The seats were clean and new-ish but it would have been nice if the headrests could have come up. It was snowing and we got out OK" Would like to be able to order food on the plane, not before. Otherwise, very good flight. Cons: "Better business class seating, better food and in seat entertainment as it isn’t enjoyable watching movies on an iPhone." Pros: "Crew was very service oriented. Appreciate their constant offer of water." Cons: "Someone should know how to make your entertainment system run on iPAD. I preloaded your system before boarding. However, even though I can access your menu, I can not play any movies. The crew tried to help but no one could figure out how to make it work on iPad." Pros: "The flight attendant was so amazing and observant that she noticed myself and classmates all wearing our alma maters sweatshirt and gave us the loveliest a shout out!! We were headed for our college reunion and had unintentionally been on the same flight. That was so much fun!!" Cons: "Free headphones" Pros: "Timing of the flight was always good. Efficient flying. Crew was super helpful too even when passengers were a bit too much." Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger." Cons: "Correct information about time of flight. I was told that the time of my flight hadn’t changed though I got several emails stating it did." Pros: "The ticketing, boarding and crew were amazing. Flight was excellent, we left on time and arrived early." Cons: "Unfortunately, this is the second time I've had a bag damaged. I bought a hard shell suitcase just this morning. One flight and the corners were all banged in. Super disappointed in the way they handle bags and glad I brought a carry on for my valuables" Cons: "Great flight and their service was great. Looking forward to my next flight with them." Pros: "I made it safely to LAX" Cons: "We waited in the plane on the tarmac for an hour. My boarding pass did not have a seat assignment, when I approached Alaska agents at the gate, they were rude and dismissive. Arrived late to LAX. Alaska offers free texting & entertainment while in the air it didn’t work with my iPhone." Pros: "The seats were pretty comfortable." Cons: "It would be nice if the flight attendant was a bit more friendly. Smile works." Pros: "Just overall solid experience, especially considering how terrible other airlines have become" Pros: "Jet blue flights seem generally good. Like the WiFi access to be Able to use flight time efficiently." Cons: "Service was the best!!! Eatup cafe option wasn’t printed on the menu. Elf the movie was an option on my tv but wouldn’t actually play." Cons: "For a two hour tarmac wait could have served some snacks!" Cons: "Although the space around the seat is acceptable, the seats bottoms are horrible. It feels like sitting on a bench seat. It really needs more cushion." Pros: "Crew was amazing. It was the pilot’s last flight before retirement, so it was fun celebrating with him and the crew. Seats were comfortable." Pros: "Crew was courteous and gave constant updates in regards to any delays." Cons: "Flight was delayed and there was congestion prior to take off. Not sure there was anything that could’ve been done." Pros: "Comfortable seating with lots of legroom; clean; ease of boarding and de-boarding; on time; nice variety of entertainment available ; everything was timely!" Cons: "Some of the channels on the direct tv were not available throughout the whole flight; one flight attendant was not very friendly (she wasn’t rude either)." Pros: "The crew was ok." Cons: "We wait too much, at least someone should have told the reasons for the waiting." Cons: "The Seattle gate agents never said which flight they were calling and since neighboring gates were boarding at the same time it was very confusing and rather chaotic." Cons: "It was fabulous as always! Thank you. I love Delta!" Pros: "Pilots kept us abreast of timing and upcoming turbulence" Cons: "The seat back screen was broken, but the screen itself was always on, so in addition to no entertainment, I couldn’t even have darkness" Cons: "Flight was freezing. Crew was overly concerned about my tree nut allergy. Been flying for 40+ years and this was the first time any one has asked...appreciate it but they went overboard" Cons: "Delaying a flight by 2 hours for crew issues is ridiculous and even more do not alerting me to the change before I was at the airport. Terrible" Pros: "excellent crew, efficient and fast boarding" Cons: "Seats uncomfortable. Too narrow and I am a small person. Considering we paid to upgrade seats, they should be wider. Leg room was fine." Pros: "I liked the polite friendly staff!" Cons: "I wish you would give me more to complain about! Just kidding! No complaints" Pros: "Fine crew. Fine entertainment." Cons: "Clumsy boarding process. After a 2.5 hour delay on tarmac before takeoff there was almost no food on board for a 6-hour flight" Pros: "Very smooth flight. On time take off and landing. Excellent in flight entertainment. Great crew." Pros: "They cared for the passengers, helped me with my baby’s bag" Cons: "Nothing @ this time" Pros: "The personal at counter very helpful." Cons: "Some information on website is unknown for call center people, like issues dealing with disabled people." Pros: "Absolutely nothing" Cons: "Even though there were flight/seats available, Avianca did not make them availability to flight changes and only for new reservations. Extremely disappointed at you fraudulent business practices." Pros: "The attention of the staff and punctuality at the departures" Cons: "The food" Cons: "The arrival to bogota was a caos. We waited 2 hours to get immigration..." Pros: "Absolutely nothing" Cons: "Everything first every single flight taken was delayed by at least 30 mins and not on time, then they played last minute rescheduleds in which they over booked by like twice the amount of people on flight and offer a mediocre 100 dollar travel voucher to make up for it to get on the next flight that’s 4 hours later. Since no one took that offer they ended up rescheduling it and stopping in other places to ale up for the lack of space, what was suppose to be a 6 hour flight turn in a 12 hour flight." Cons: "Avianca overbooked the flight by 10 passengers. They would not board the flight until they got 10 volunteers to except only $240 voucher for delaying their flight by one day. It took them three hours to accomplish that. The hot food had been delivered on time to the plane, so that also sat for three hours. By the time it was served during the flight it had turned to rubber. This was all together a dreadful experience. We missed our connecting flight in Los Angeles and Avianca airlines provided no help on that. ." Cons: "I was told hours before my flight that my flight was delayed due to weather in the NYC area and that the new flight time was two hours later. There were no weather issues at this time. This delay made me miss my connection and the only option was for me to have a 24 hour layover in Bogota, Colombia. As a woman traveling alone this was not acceptable to me but I had no other choice. I got a hotel room for the evening and tried to make the best of it. I was not offered any compensation for this inconvenience, nothing, not even an offer to pay for my hotel room. Similar things happened to three other people in my group that I was meeting in Peru all traveling from different locations. I lost an entire day in Peru because of this. On my return flight Avianca changed the times as well and I was forced to take an earlier fight home the day before I was scheduled to leave. I therefore lost a total of two days of my vacation because of Avianca and they did NOTHING to compensate me for it. STAY AWAY FROM THIS AIRLINE!!!" Pros: "Seats are comfy and having movies for the flight is nice." Cons: "Food isn't great, but it's included free of charge." Cons: "Didn’t make the flight because our first flight was delayed. We arrived when our flight was scheduled to take off but instead of holding that flight for maybe 30 minutes so everyone with connections could make it, we had to spend the night in Bogota. At least we were provided with hotel and food vouchers but don’t see how that is cost effective or good service for the airline when holding the plane for less than an hour would have allowed dozens of people to make it back the day we were scheduled to." Pros: "The food was mediocre." Cons: "The customer service was terrible. Our connecting plane had not left yet and they did not let us on. They proceeded to tell us that our only option was to stay the night and take another flight the next day. Us and 10 other people had to get into an argument with the staff in order for something to be done. After begging, they finally said they would put us on an earlier flight the following morning and they put us in a hotel. The staff did not care about us or our missed flight/wasted money that we paid for the hotel at our destination that night. It took 30 minutes for a manager to give us the time of day. Horrible experience. It's really shocking that this is how the company treats its customers." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Book Cheap Los Angeles Plane Tickets Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best deals for one-way flights to Los Angeles found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/13Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 10h 57mSEA-LAX $33 Search 1/27Sat 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 18mSEA-LAX $34 Search 2/12Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 49mSEA-LAX $45 Search 1/16Tue nonstopDelta 2h 35mSEA-LAX $59 Search 1/16Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 6h 38mBOS-LAX $69 Search 1/27Sat nonstopJetBlue 6h 55mBOS-LAX $79 Search 1/15Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 44mSEA-LAX $80 Search 5/26Sun nonstopJetBlue 2h 33mSEA-LAX $84 Search 1/10Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 55mIAD-LAX $89 Search 1/16Tue nonstopDelta 6h 51mBOS-LAX $89 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaJetBlueUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$60 or less$80 or less$80 or less$90 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 1/5Fri 1 stopSpirit Airlines 11h 56mSEA-LAX 1/8Mon 1 stopSpirit Airlines 14h 02mLAX-SEA $64 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 12h 29mSEA-LAX 2/7Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 35mLAX-SEA $66 Search 1/27Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 54mSEA-LAX 1/29Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 58mLAX-SEA $90 Search 2/27Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 42mSEA-LAX 3/7Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 50mLAX-SEA $119 Search 1/23Tue nonstopJetBlue 6h 48mBOS-LAX 1/30Tue nonstopJetBlue 5h 24mLAX-BOS $138 Search 1/19Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 50mSEA-LAX 1/21Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 00mLAX-SEA $139 Search 1/23Tue 1 stopJetBlue 9h 50mBOS-LAX 1/30Tue nonstopJetBlue 5h 31mLAX-BOS $148 Search 2/20Tue 1 stopDelta 7h 40mSEA-LAX 2/27Tue nonstopDelta 3h 04mLAX-SEA $152 Search 1/23Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 5h 51mDCA-LAX 1/27Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 4h 55mLAX-DCA $158 Search 1/24Wed nonstopDelta 2h 41mSEA-LAX 1/28Sun nonstopDelta 3h 01mLAX-SEA $158 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesJetBlueDelta Search by price$70 or less$120 or less$140 or less$150 or less$160 or less Last minute flights to Los Angeles Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights to Los Angeles that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 09mSEA-LAX 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 33mLAX-SEA $83 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 30mBOS-LAX 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 10mLAX-BOS $91 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 01mSEA-LAX 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 10mLAX-SEA $138 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 01mSEA-LAX 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 10mLAX-SEA $148 Search 12/3Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 42mSEA-LAX 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 00mLAX-SEA $168 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 4h 57mSEA-LAX 12/7Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 56mLAX-SEA $187 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 6h 36mBOS-LAX 12/12Tue nonstopJetBlue 5h 21mLAX-BOS $288 Search 12/4Mon nonstopJetBlue 6h 33mBOS-LAX 12/13Wed multi-stopJetBlue 8h 53mLAX-BOS $298 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 6h 39mBOS-LAX 12/10Sun nonstopDelta 5h 40mLAX-BOS $368 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 6h 20mJFK-LAX 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 5h 26mLAX-JFK $387 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesJetBlueDelta Search by price$90 or less$150 or less$190 or less$300 or less$390 or less Flights to Los Angeles Destination: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Los Angeles - United States Cabin classes: $272 First Class flights to Los Angeles $169 Business Class flights to Los Angeles $160 Prem Econ Class flights to Los Angeles $35 Economy Class flights to Los Angeles Browse origins: Flights » United States $222Flights from Alabama to Los Angeles $296Flights from Alaska to Los Angeles $67Flights from Arizona to Los Angeles $156Flights from Arkansas to Los Angeles $54Flights from California to Los Angeles $65Flights from Colorado to Los Angeles $164Flights from Connecticut to Los Angeles $178Flights from District of Columbia to Los Angeles $81Flights from Florida to Los Angeles $78Flights from Georgia to Los Angeles $164Flights from Hawaii to Los Angeles $78Flights from Idaho to Los Angeles $80Flights from Illinois to Los Angeles $112Flights from Indiana to Los Angeles $235Flights from Iowa to Los Angeles $109Flights from Kansas to Los Angeles $112Flights from Kentucky to Los Angeles $88Flights from Louisiana to Los Angeles $297Flights from Maine to Los Angeles $83Flights from Maryland to Los Angeles $138Flights from Massachusetts to Los Angeles $83Flights from Michigan to Los Angeles $78Flights from Minnesota to Los Angeles $175Flights from Mississippi to Los Angeles $109Flights from Missouri to Los Angeles $158Flights from Montana to Los Angeles $132Flights from Nebraska to Los Angeles $33Flights from Nevada to Los Angeles $138Flights from New Hampshire to Los Angeles $86Flights from New Jersey to Los Angeles $74Flights from New Mexico to Los Angeles $89Flights from New York State to Los Angeles $90Flights from North Carolina to Los Angeles $287Flights from North Dakota to Los Angeles $88Flights from Ohio to Los Angeles $78Flights from Oklahoma to Los Angeles $63Flights from Oregon to Los Angeles $86Flights from Pennsylvania to Los Angeles Flights from Philadelphia to Los Angeles $224Flights from Rhode Island to Los Angeles $90Flights from South Carolina to Los Angeles $179Flights from South Dakota to Los Angeles $72Flights from Tennessee to Los Angeles $75Flights from Texas to Los Angeles $60Flights from Utah to Los Angeles $297Flights from Vermont to Los Angeles $154Flights from Virginia to Los Angeles $67Flights from Washington to Los Angeles $307Flights from West Virginia to Los Angeles $95Flights from Wisconsin to Los Angeles $65Flights from Wyoming to Los Angeles View more Popular routes The most searched flights to Los Angeles by KAYAK users. $78San Francisco to Los Angeles (SFO - LAX) $150Newark Liberty Airport to Los Angeles (EWR - LAX) $114Chicago O'Hare Airport to Los Angeles (ORD - LAX) $238New York John F Kennedy Airport to Los Angeles (JFK - LAX) $90Seattle to Los Angeles (SEA - LAX) $179Boston to Los Angeles (BOS - LAX) $164Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Los Angeles (PHX - LAX) $144Honolulu to Los Angeles (HNL - LAX) $39Las Vegas to Los Angeles (LAS - LAX) $84Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Los Angeles (DFW - LAX) $62Atlanta to Los Angeles (ATL - LAX) $178Denver to Los Angeles (DEN - LAX) $111Houston George Bush Airport to Los Angeles (IAH - LAX) $188Washington Dulles Airport to Los Angeles (IAD - LAX) $99Portland to Los Angeles (PDX - LAX) View more Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » Los Angeles $33Flights to Los Angeles, Los Angeles Airlines $116United Airlines to Los Angeles $51Spirit Airlines to Los Angeles $356American Airlines to Los Angeles Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Los Angeles flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Los Angeles from anywhere in United States. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Los Angeles from anywhere in United States. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.