Cheap Flights from Tel Aviv to Rome from $53 | (TLV - ROM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW TLV - ROM Find cheap flights from Tel Aviv to Rome from $53 This is the cheapest round-trip flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Rome These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Tel Aviv to Rome. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Tel Aviv to Rome. How much is the cheapest flight from Tel Aviv to Rome?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Tel Aviv to Rome that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:10 pm - 11:59 pmTLV-FCO 3h 49mnonstop 3:45 pm - 8:10 pmFCO-TLV 3h 25mnonstop $53Ryanair Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sat, Jan 20 11:15 am - 2:05 pmTLV-FCO 3h 50mnonstop 4:40 pm - 9:05 pmFCO-TLV 3h 25mnonstop $55Ryanair Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Thu, Jan 18 9:55 pm - 12:50 amTLV-FCO 3h 55mnonstop 4:50 pm - 9:20 pmFCO-TLV 3h 30mnonstop $56Wizz Air Malta Find Deal Sat, Mar 9 - Sun, Mar 17 9:55 pm - 12:50 amTLV-FCO 3h 55mnonstop 4:50 pm - 9:20 pmFCO-TLV 3h 30mnonstop $59Wizz Air Malta Find Deal Tue, Mar 5 - Mon, Mar 11 9:55 pm - 12:50 amTLV-FCO 3h 55mnonstop 4:50 pm - 9:20 pmFCO-TLV 3h 30mnonstop $60Wizz Air Malta Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Sun, Jan 14 9:55 pm - 12:50 amTLV-FCO 3h 55mnonstop 4:35 pm - 9:05 pmFCO-TLV 3h 30mnonstop $61Wizz Air Malta Find Deal Tue, Mar 5 - Sat, Mar 9 4:10 pm - 11:25 amTLV-FCO 20h 15m1 stop 5:25 pm - 9:10 amFCO-TLV 14h 45m1 stop $228Pegasus Airlines Find Deal Tue, Mar 12 - Thu, Mar 14 6:00 am - 8:20 amTLV-FCO 27h 20m1 stop 2:40 pm - 5:20 pmFCO-TLV 25h 40m1 stop $229Air Serbia Find Deal Sun, May 5 - Wed, May 8 10:15 am - 4:20 pmTLV-FCO 7h 05m1 stop 5:25 pm - 9:10 amFCO-TLV 14h 45m1 stop $246Pegasus Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Thu, Jan 18 6:00 pm - 8:45 pmTLV-FCO 3h 45mnonstop 9:55 pm - 2:15 amFCO-TLV 3h 20mnonstop $279EL AL Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Thu, Jan 18 Show more results Flights from Tel Aviv to Rome - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Tel Aviv to Rome to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Tel Aviv to Rome flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Tel Aviv to Rome. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Tel Aviv to Rome cost $46 and was between Tel Aviv and Rome Fiumicino Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $52. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Tel Aviv to Rome? The average price of all flights from Tel Aviv to Rome clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Rome on a Saturday and more expensive on a Friday. On your return trip to Tel Aviv, you should consider flying back on a Wednesday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Tel Aviv to Rome? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Tel Aviv to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Tel Aviv to Rome is February, where tickets cost $144 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are September and April, where the average cost of tickets is $300 and $294 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Tel Aviv to Rome? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Tel Aviv to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Tel Aviv to Rome, you should book around 4 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 90 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Tel Aviv to Rome? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Tel Aviv to Rome found on KAYAK was with Vueling for $90. Ryanair proposed a round-trip connection from $53 and Wizz Air Malta from $56. Which airlines fly non-stop between Tel Aviv and Rome? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Tel Aviv to Rome. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Tel Aviv to Rome. They are: BlueBird Airways, EL AL and Wizz Air Malta. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Wizz Air Malta at $44 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Wizz Air Malta. How many flights are there between Tel Aviv and Rome per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 3 nonstop flights that take off from Tel Aviv and land in Rome, with an average flight time of 3h 50m. The most common departure time is 9:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Rome Fiumicino Airport. Each week, there are 10 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 30% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Tel Aviv and Rome? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Tel Aviv to Rome take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Rome from Tel Aviv is typically 3h 45m. The journey crosses a distance of 1,406 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Tel Aviv to Rome? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Tel Aviv at 6:10 am and will be landing in Rome at 8:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from Tel Aviv to Rome? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Tel Aviv to Rome jets off at 10:20 pm and lands at 1:15 am. Good to know Low season February High season December Cheapest flight $53 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 36% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 19% increase in price. Flight from Tel Aviv to Rome Fiumicino Airport When to book flights from Tel Aviv to Rome Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Tel Aviv to Rome based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Tel Aviv to Rome Does Leonardo da Vinci International Airport have any on-site hotels? If you want to get some rest after your flight, head to HelloSky, a hotel that can be found in Terminals 1 and 3 of Leonardo da Vinci International Airport. Both the Hilton Rome Airport and the Hilton Garden Inn Rome Airport are also options, and they are only a 5min walk from the airport. How can I go from the city center to Ben Gurion Airport? There are a few different ways for you to travel from the city center to Ben Gurion Airport. If you decide to take a taxi or drive, you can expect the trip to last anywhere from 25-35min in total. Those that would rather use public transportation can always grab bus line 445, which will bring them to the airport in around 1h 15min. What amenities does Ben Gurion Airport offer for families and children? Ben Gurion Airport has a Mother and Child Room in Terminal 3 that is equipped with a changing table, sink, and crib. There are also child play areas in Terminals 1 and 3, and they have a variety of games and activities to keep your little ones occupied while waiting for your flight to begin boarding. Does Rome Ciampino Giovan Battista Pastine Airport have any services for travelers with disabilities? Rome Ciampino Giovan Battista Pastine Airport is accessible for travelers with disabilities and limited mobility. Wheelchairs are available at no charge, and elevators can be used to go to different terminals and floors. If you will need additional assistance, you can contact your airline before your departure, and an employee will be there to help you get through security and make it to your terminal for boarding. Do I need a passport to fly between Tel Aviv and Rome? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Tel Aviv and on arrival in Rome. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Tel Aviv to Rome? The Airbus A321neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Tel Aviv to Rome flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Tel Aviv to Rome? SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Tel Aviv and Rome, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Tel Aviv to Rome? There are nonstop flights from Tel Aviv to Rome on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Tel Aviv to Rome, Aegean Airlines or EL AL? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Tel Aviv to Rome are Aegean Airlines and EL AL. With an average price for the route of $353 and an overall rating of 7.8, Aegean Airlines is the most popular choice. EL AL is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $334 and an overall rating of 7.0. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Tel Aviv to Rome? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Tel Aviv to Rome. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Tel Aviv to Rome? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Rome from Tel Aviv is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Tel Aviv to Rome? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Rome with an airline and back to Tel Aviv with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Tel Aviv to Rome? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Rome from Tel Aviv up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Tel Aviv to Rome Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $164 or less one-way and $145 or less round-trip. Flights from Tel Aviv to Rome will always depart from Ben Gurion Airport (TLV), which is considered to be the main international airport in Israel. It’s also a hub for El Al and Israir Airlines, so you’ll find that these companies frequently service trips for this route. Rome is serviced by two main airports, Leonardo da Vinci International Airport (FCO) and Rome Ciampino Giovan Battista Pastine Airport (CIA). While Rome Ciampino Giovan Battista Pastine Airport is a small option that is placed just southeast of the city, Leonardo da Vinci International Airport is one of the largest international airports in Europe and is southwest of Rome. You will normally be able to find nonstop flights from Tel Aviv to Rome and some companies that frequently service these include Ryanair. Flights with connections are frequently offered as well, and these might be operated by airlines such as Lufthansa or Vueling. If you have some time to kill before boarding your flight at Ben Gurion Airport, consider relaxing in one of the airport’s many lounges. The Massada Lounge can be found in Terminal 1, while the Dan Lounge is open to all passengers and has locations in Concourses B and C in Terminal 3. Many travelers often go to Rome for work, as the city is known for having a large business district. If you’ll be flying to the city for this reason, consider landing at Rome Ciampino Giovan Battista Pastine Airport, as it’s the airport that is the most centrally located and closest to the city’s business district. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl to Rome? Find which airlines fly direct from Ben Gurion Intl to Rome, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl to Rome Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +4 more Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +4 more Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +4 more Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +4 more Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, +5 more 3 4 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +5 more Aerolineas Argentinas, BlueBird Airways, +6 more 4 5 Saturday Wizz Air Malta, Air Serbia, ITA Airways, +1 more Wizz Air Malta, Air Serbia, +2 more 1 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +4 more Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, +5 more 3 4 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Rome to Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +6 more Aerolineas Argentinas, BlueBird Airways, +7 more 5 6 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, Wizz Air Malta, +4 more Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, BlueBird Airways, EL AL, +6 more Aerolineas Argentinas, BlueBird Airways, +7 more 5 6 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +5 more Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, +6 more 4 5 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, Wizz Air Malta, +4 more Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, +5 more 3 4 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +5 more Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, +6 more 4 5 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, TAP AIR PORTUGAL, +5 more Aerolineas Argentinas, EL AL, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Tel Aviv to Rome See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Tel Aviv to Rome. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Tel Aviv to Rome? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 EmiratesOverall score based on 15747 reviews 83overall 84crew 80food 83boarding 85entertainment 82comfort Airline reviews Pros: "There was almost a two hour delay, there wasn’t any information communicated, everybody was just asked to take seats in the waiting area. The entire process wasn’t very well organised."Read more about Emirates Pros: "There was almost a two hour delay, there wasn’t any information communicated, everybody was just asked to take seats in the waiting area. The entire process wasn’t very well organised." Cons: "Boarding system did not work temporarily and the boarding was delayed" Cons: "Flight lest 2 hours late. Didn’t have my choice of meal. Cabin crew very inattentive. Worst flight ever with Emirates in business class" Pros: "The in-flight entertainment is quite good. Getting on the plane was a fine experience. The flight itself went smoothly." Cons: "Boarding either didn’t announce my zone or didn’t do it clearly enough. The meal service was decent but I don’t think the crew came by with tea or coffee much. The seats were narrower than I recall from previous emirates flights. Information on connections were said to have been updated in the entertainment system, but were not updated in actual fact." Pros: "I always love traveli ng eith Emirates. Great service. They are punctual. Good entertainment system. Comfortable flights and service overall." Pros: "Inflight entertainment was good but that doesn’t make up for lack of equal treatment of all passengers" Cons: "They are racist!!!!! Segregation and all!!!!! For my more than 12 hours layover I had to pay for my own hotel!!! Yet other travelers were given free hotel vouchers. As a matter of fact I was kept waiting for nearly half an hour in the middle of the night even though I had been waiting for service ahead of them." Pros: "Service was excellent" Cons: "Veg food needs to be improved in ROME-DUBAI Sector." Pros: "The food, crew and comfort were as good as can be on a 14 hour flight." Cons: "Very noisy for passengers sitting by crew area. Crew seats were used very frequently and every time it opened and closed it slammed waking up passengers." Pros: "Service from staff" Cons: "One toilet was not in service and another ran out of water in the sink!" A lot of things could have been better. They lost our luggage. We missed our connection from YVR to Naples when we arrived in Zurich and then we got re-routed to Rome and then Naples. We eventually got to Naples but our bags didn’t. Our experience at the lost luggage in the Naples was not at all reassuring. They didn’t seem that interested in our problem. I did a live chat with Swiss customer service and all they could do is tell me to follow the process. Meanwhile we’ve had to spend significant money on clothes and I have to replace medications. This has meant our trip so far has been totally different than what we had planned. It’s not clear that our baggage will ever show up which means we will have lost significant amount of clothing and other things and our two month trip to Europe will have more problems than good memories. So far we are not happy. Cons: "It’s frustrating to not have the ability to select seats before arriving at check in counter when there’s really not much to choose from." Pros: "Everything aside from the food and cabin atmosphere." Cons: "Food and cabin atmosphere. The cabin felt very stuffy and warm." Cons: "1.5 hour delay departing put a slight damper on this flight but otherwise it was fine." Pros: "Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Hand carry was checked 3 different times. Goes to show that Swiss staff doesn’t trust its colleagues to determine if the bag passes muster." Pros: "The space of the seat is wide. Nice chocolate." Cons: "First, they announced that they need some passengers to voluntarily give up the booking in exchange for 280 refunds (a slightly higher rate which not worth to do it) and 1 stopover the fight to Rome which will arrive at 22.00 instead (our flight is 17.35). About 15 minutes before boarding time, they announced flight delaying. Around 17.45, they announced gate changing from B to A which located at opposite side of the the airport so all passengers run there because of everyone afraid that their booking might be canceled because no one agrees to give up. At both gates, many people try to jump in the queue which no staff comes in the manage the queue. During waiting on the board, the air condition seems to be closed, hard to breathe. Around 19.00, the plane took off the Zurich airport eventually, finish the 1.5 hours delay. The captain announced that it cause by the technical problem of the flight earlier but my thinking it cause from over-booking." Pros: "There was too little space between rows. Sometimes it was too difficult to watch a movie because the screen was too close to my face." Pros: "Best flight for a long time. great service and entertainment." Cons: "I was unable to order vegetarian meal before the flight. This also a KAYAK / VAYAMA issue - you can not pass the info about special meal to the airline and Swiss seems to require that you order through them in order to specify such details. You should improve this." Pros: "Good product" Cons: "Seat had some problems, but the crew fixed it for me" Pros: "Nice experience." Cons: "Seats are not so comfortable. Crew is nice, but not too nice" 2 hours delay on the plane causing is to miss our connection Pros: "Crew was amazing—efficient and kind. Loved the seat space" Cons: "Nothing. All good" Cons: "The boarding process can be better handled.. it's sort of a mess" Pros: "The seats very tightly spaced and did not reclnine" Cons: "The flights war 2 hours late and the boarding was totally disorganized." Pros: "I missed the flight. Because they closed the check in counter 1 full hour before the departure time. I was standing in a passport control line for 40 minutes before that. I reached the check in counter 55 minutes before departure time. It was closed. The ticket office had no sympathy, refused to issue me a boarding pass. My flight was paid for and confirmed. There was time to get through security and reach the gate by boarding time. All i needed was the boarding pass and they would not give it. I missed the flight i had paid for and of course you won't give me a refund It caused serious problems with my trip. I'm totally disgusted and will never buy another ticket on this ariline." Pros: "Flight attendants very friendly. Got breakfast too." Cons: "Chaos in lines to get bus to plane. No organization at all. Just push & shove!!" Cons: "Delays, poor communication, overall very poor service for a premium price." Cons: "I booked for baggage through kayak and had to pay again. What a scam" Cons: "Everything. Our flight delayed that can happen. But what can’t happen is the total lack of service. Shame No wonder Greece is bankrupt. Zero zero" Pros: "Every thing was fast,easy & kindly I didn’t eat-can’t say my opinion" Cons: "The transfer in Istambul was very tight on the way back I literally had to run to get to the flight" Pros: "Crew was good but could be better...timeing was very good." Cons: "Food, entertainment" Pros: "The Turkish Airline crew are treat you as guests not as customers." Pros: "Boarding couldn’t be easier. The crew is very attentive and nice!" Pros: "Seat space continued to be better than BA. Nice surprise to get an evening meal on the last leg to Rome. I actually was able to sleep a bit on this smaller airplane as well. Crew went out of its way to help people board and load bags overhead. They seemed very attentive, and tried to provide extra drink options even." Cons: "Boarding process at IST was a challenge. We left from a remote gate, and the agent didn't seem interested in the boarding process. I heard no announcements, maybe because it didn't matter as everyone was crowding the door 15 minutes before boarding began. The agent seemed perturbed, but I've seen it on almost every Italian bound flight. No one wants to wait. It is actually a bit amusing to watch the struggle between boarding policies and a group of people who seem determined to ignore them. The buses were also pretty well packed. More so in Rome than IST. Not much organization in loading at either place. After all the passport control they left us to walk outside to wait for the bus. Maybe you can tell I'm not a fan of remote gates." Pros: "The flight went well with no complaints." Cons: "With Airlines in the US charging for almost everything except the air you breath while on their plane I hate to complain about the meal Turkish provided free but a couple of the items on the tray could have been better." Pros: "Lots of in flight entertainment options. Good meals. Very nice and helpful attendants." Pros: "Superb entertainment system" Cons: "The flight back from Dublin to Istanbul was awful, it was crowded, very warm, no air to breath." Cons: "Service was terrible, crew was rude. Flight was delayed 2 hours leaving Tel Aviv and my luggage was not here when we arrived. They let us wait two hours for luggage before telling us it wasn't going to make it in. Frustrated and disappointed! Ground security in Turkey was rude and took my sons skate board which we had flown to Israel with and back to turkey, then they told us it couldn't come with us to miami although we flew Turkish both directions with no problem. In the end gate staff went and rescued his skate board from security as he got to the flight crying his little eyes out. Communication was terrible and staff was rude!" Pros: "Entertainment and food was good." Cons: "Flying to Tel Aviv (I missed my chance to review), my tray table was broken and the USB wouldn't charge on any of the televisions." Pros: "Although economy, it was pleasant and okay" Cons: "I bought a business ticket but flew in economy from Tel Aviv to Vienna. I knew about it but the ticket cost was still high." Pros: "Amazing flight , crew excellent , good food. Definitely I will travel again with Austrian Airlines" Pros: "The flight attendants where good and welcoming" Cons: "Seats are not comfortable and there us not enough seats space (to narrow to tight), no entertainment system at all, no power outlets to charge phone / tablet etc. it’s almost 2020, airplanes must include those elements as standard." Pros: "New dream-liner from Wew to ORD" Cons: "I ordered Kosher food but they didn't have me on the kosher food list - I ended up not eating!" Pros: "Absolutely nothing. Despite booking business class flights 3 months before departure date because we had to attend a very important wedding. Swiss Airlines overbooked the flight but didn’t warn us in advance. This meant my husband was forced to pay over 8 thousand Euros to charter a small private je" Cons: "So That we could attend the wedding early the next morning in Oldenburg. They then had the audacity to void our return flights. Luckily I spoke with a lovely lady at Lufthansa, explained the situation and she re-instated return flights for an admin fee. Will never ever use Swiss Airlines again." Pros: "The Austrian Airlines crew was great, very courteous, very professional and friendly. The food service was also excellent." Cons: "My complaints go to something not directly linked to the flight crew. 1. When boarding, I like to see when passengers are called in groups relating to distant seats in the plane such that they do not step over each other during luggage placement. That is more comfortable than let the crowd enter randomly. 2. I notice people enter the cabin with 2, even 3 pieces of luggage. Even though each one has proper dimensions, they overload the overhead compartments and it is hard for everybody to place his/her belongings in a suitable way. 3. The rows in the airplane seems to have gotten closer ti each other. It is not the airlines fault, except perhaps when choosing whose airplanes to buy...but again, there are only two major contenders in that segment. For overseas flights, it is pretty uncomfy. 4. Lastly, unboarding the plane could also be performed (enforced by the crew) to be in a more civil fashion rather than haveing5 a stampedo - again calling separate grouos of rows in the name of fairness, or simply vacating it row by row from the front to back." Pros: "Nothing. See below." Cons: "Original flight cancelled so rebooked ojba floght five hours later - then with one hour to go until that second flight, that was cancelled as well. Totally unhelpful ground staff, who were oblivious to the fact that I had a work commitment the next day so couldn’t overnight in some random hotel at an airport to suit Austrian’s policies. Eventually routed via Lisbon which meant literally flying all night to arrive at 0600. Lufthansa and Austrian have some serious faults to correct." Pros: "The flight was short: 4 hours. It was in time, etc. Certainly no entertainment." Cons: "After the breakfast (rather poor) no drink was suggested. There was a cup for tee or coffee. Empty one. After the breakfast they just took it away with other dirty dishes. It happened to all passengers in my neighborhood." Pros: "Service was great, the stewardess's were very professional and very caring without being too personal which is great for me .Every was done quickly and professionally with a great sense of efficiency and purpose .Hard to explain but so different from other airlines . Multimedia was phenomenal" Cons: "Food portions were smallish but acceptable .Seat reservation service got totally mixed up ,reserved one seat and got another .Maybe software glitch ,needs to be fixed." Pros: "You guys have. Very professional crew !!" Cons: "The customer service In Europe wasn’t helping out at all" Emirates8.3 SWISS8.0 Aegean Airlines7.8 Turkish Airlines7.9 Austrian Airlines7.8 Book cheap flights from Tel Aviv to Rome Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Tel Aviv to Rome found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/15Mon 1 stopVueling 17h 50mTLV-FCO $90 Search 5/13Mon nonstopWizz Air Malta 3h 55mTLV-FCO $106 Search 5/13Mon 1 stopAir Serbia 7h 35mTLV-FCO $108 Search 1/2Tue nonstopISRAIR 3h 45mTLV-FCO $158 Search 4/20Sat 1 stopAegean Airlines 13h 45mTLV-FCO $166 Search 12/27Wed nonstopISRAIR 3h 45mTLV-FCO $180 Search 4/19Fri 1 stopAegean Airlines 13h 45mTLV-FCO $191 Search 12/22Fri nonstopEL AL 3h 45mTLV-FCO $198 Search 12/13Wed nonstopEL AL 3h 45mTLV-FCO $201 Search 4/19Fri 2 stopsPegasus Airlines 27h 50mTLV-FCO $300 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineVuelingWizz Air MaltaAir SerbiaISRAIRAegean AirlinesEL ALPegasus Airlines Search by price$110 or less$160 or less$180 or less$200 or less$300 or less Last minute flights from Tel Aviv to Rome Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Tel Aviv to Rome that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stop 18h 05mTLV-FCO 12/5Tue multi-stop 12h 15mFCO-TLV $264 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 14h 15mTLV-FCO 12/16Sat multi-stop 13h 30mFCO-TLV $280 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 8h 10mTLV-FCO 12/13Wed multi-stop 22h 35mFCO-TLV $301 Search 12/3Sun nonstopISRAIR 3h 45mTLV-FCO 12/7Thu nonstopISRAIR 3h 20mFCO-TLV $379 Search 12/3Sun nonstopEL AL 3h 45mTLV-FCO 12/7Thu nonstopEL AL 3h 20mFCO-TLV $410 Search 12/3Sun nonstopEL AL 3h 45mTLV-FCO 12/11Mon nonstopEL AL 3h 20mFCO-TLV $450 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopIberia 14h 10mTLV-FCO 12/6Wed multi-stopIberia 30h 35mFCO-TLV $1,000 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopIberia 12h 45mTLV-FCO 12/7Thu multi-stopIberia 12h 20mFCO-TLV $1,092 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopEtihad Airways 25h 40mTLV-FCO 12/10Sun multi-stopEtihad Airways 25h 00mFCO-TLV $1,122 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopEtihad Airways 17h 45mTLV-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopEtihad Airways 19h 20mFCO-TLV $1,383 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineISRAIREL ALIberiaEtihad Airways Search by price$280 or less$380 or less$450 or less$1,090 or less$1,380 or less Tel Aviv - Rome Flights Departure: Tel Aviv (TLV)Israel Return flight deals: Rome - Tel Aviv Cabin classes: First Class flights to Rome $927 Business Class flights to Rome $1,432 Prem Econ Class flights to Rome $52 Economy Class flights to Rome Browse origins: Flights » Tel Aviv $93Flights from Tel Aviv to Rome Browse destinations: Flights » Rome $93Flights to Rome Fiumicino Airport, Rome Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Rome flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Rome from Tel Aviv. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Rome from Tel Aviv. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.