Car Rentals in Philippines from C$ 42/day - Search for Rental Cars on KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Philippines car rentals Search hundreds of rental car sites at once for car rental deals in the Philippines Same drop-off Thu 7/12 Noon Thu 14/12 Noon Search Driver's age: 26-65Other Cheap car rentals in the Philippines Economy C$ 42/day Compact C$ 35/day Intermediate C$ 46/day Full-size C$ 61/day Minivan C$ 48/day Full-size SUV C$ 69/day Mini C$ 42/day Passenger Van C$ 52/day Intermediate SUV C$ 64/day Full-size station wagon C$ 68/day Standard SUV C$ 83/day 2 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 4 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 2 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 2 Bags View Deal 5 Adults, 3 Bags View DealBest rates found by KAYAK users in the past 48 hours. Top tips for renting a car in the Philippines Getting around the Philippines can be accomplished using public transportation, especially if you’re staying in or around the country’s major cities, like Manila and Cebu City. However, for seeing the off-the-beaten-track areas of the country on your own schedule, renting a car in the Philippines is essential. Getting to areas like Mt. Pinatubo by transportation methods besides rental car can be extremely inconvenient. The road conditions between major cities in the Philippines are often very drivable, with most of the variable road conditions existing in rural areas and in areas closer to the mountainous regions of the Philippines. If you’re planning on driving to the natural attractions in the Philippines, you’ll need a four-by-four to safely make your way on dirt roads, jungle paths, and narrow mountain passes. The laws for securing your child in a vehicle in the Philippines mainly regulate the use of front and rear seats. Children 12 and under must sit in the rear seat, unless they meet the minimum height requirement of 4 ft 11 in. Child car seats that are appropriate for your child’s age must be used, so the one you travel with will suffice for your stay in the Philippines. If you’ll be driving around Manila, you’ll have to be aware that there are days when you’re not allowed to drive in the Manila metro area, which are referenced by the last number on your car’s license plate. Plates ending in 1 and 2 can’t be driven on Mondays, plates ending in 3 and 4 can’t be driven on Tuesdays, plates ending in 5 and 6 can’t be driven on Wednesdays, plates ending in 7 and 8 can’t be driven on Thursdays, and plates ending in 9 and 0 can’t be driven on Fridays. 25% of our users found rental cars in Philippines for C$ 55 or less Book your rental car in Philippines at least 1 day before your trip in order to get a below-average price Off-airport rental car locations in Philippines are around 8% cheaper than airport locations on average Standard rental cars in Philippines are around 3% cheaper than other car types, on average FAQs about renting a car in the Philippines How much does it cost to rent a car in the Philippines? On average a rental car in the Philippines costs C$ 69 per day. What is the most popular rental car in the Philippines? Standard (Toyota Innova or similar) is the most frequently booked rental car type in the Philippines. What is the cheapest car rental company in the Philippines? In the past 72 hours, the cheapest rental cars were found at Saferide Car Rental (C$ 35/day), National (C$ 42/day) and Dollar (C$ 42/day). How can I find car rentals near me in the Philippines? Take a look at our extensive car rental location map to find the best rental cars near you. Where should I rent a car in the Philippines? Based on car searches on KAYAK, the most popular cities to rent a car in the Philippines are Manila (64% of total searches of users looking to rent a car in the Philippines), Cebu City (11%) and Angeles City (7%). How much does it cost to rent a car for a week in the Philippines? On average a rental car in the Philippines costs C$ 433 per week (C$ 62 per day). How much does it cost to rent a car long term for a month in the Philippines? On average a rental car in the Philippines costs C$ 1,856 per month (C$ 62 per day). What is driving like in Philippines? The style of driving in the Philippines depends on where you are. In metro areas like Cebu City and Manila, traffic jams and heavy pedestrian traffic is the norm. In rural areas, you’ll have to watch out for wildlife and varying road conditions. Tolls are present on all of the country’s major expressways, so be sure to have cash on hand when you’re traveling on these roads. Drivers must drive on the right side of the road. How old do you have to be to rent a car in Philippines? The minimum age to rent a car in the Philippines ranges from 21 to 25, depending on the rental car agency. Avis and some of the other larger agencies will rent vehicles to those 21 and up, while others won’t rent to drivers under the age of 25. While a valid license is required to rent a car in the Philippines, you won’t need an international driver’s permit. How are gas prices in Philippines? Getting gas in the Philippines will require a little extra budgeting, if you’re accustomed to the prices in the United States. While a gallon of gasoline will cost you an average of 2.50 USD in the United States, it will cost you an average of 206.46 PHP (3.95 USD) in the Philippines. Also, cards are widely accepted, so you won’t have to carry cash. What are the speed limits in Philippines? There are steep penalties in the Philippines for violating posted speed limits, so it’s important to keep an eye out for speed limit signs and make sure you’re always traveling the appropriate speed. In general, speed limits on highways in the Philippines will be a maximum of 60 km/h (37 mph), and the speed limits on expressways go up to 100 km/h (62 mph). Car rental directory Hertz car rental locations in the Philippines 27 LocationsSee all locations Thrifty car rental locations in the Philippines 22 LocationsSee all locations Dollar car rental locations in the Philippines 21 LocationsSee all locations Europcar car rental locations in the Philippines 19 LocationsSee all locations keddy by Europcar car rental locations in the Philippines 17 LocationsSee all locations Avis car rental locations in the Philippines 14 LocationsSee all locations Sunnycars car rental locations in the Philippines 10 LocationsSee all locations Viajero Rent A Car car rental locations in the Philippines 8 LocationsSee all locations Budget car rental locations in the Philippines 7 LocationsSee all locations Saferide Car Rental car rental locations in the Philippines 7 LocationsSee all locations International car rental locations in the Philippines 6 LocationsSee all locations Shouqi car rental locations in the Philippines 5 LocationsSee all locations Good to know Most popular agency National Most popular car type Standard Average price C$ 62/day Good deal C$ 55/day When to book a rental car in the Philippines Average daily price per month Rental car prices as pick-up date approaches Car rental locations in the Philippines Bohol car rentals Cavite car rentals Cebu car rentals Davao del Sur car rentals Laguna car rentals Misamis Oriental car rentals Palawan car rentals Pampanga car rentals South Cotabato car rentals Metro Manila car rentals Popular car rental locations Manila car rentals Cebu City car rentals Angeles City car rentals Davao City car rentals Makati car rentals Pasay car rentals Lapu-Lapu City car rentals General Santos car rentals Cebu Island car rentals Siargao Island car rentals Cars Car rentals in Asia Philippines car rentals The rates displayed include all taxes and fees for car rentals for the class listed and were found by KAYAK users in the last 48 hours. Offers are subject to change and may not be available on all car rentals listed or dates of travel. Some car rental providers charge additional fees for other services (GPS, infant car seats, etc.). Please check the car rental providers' sites. Cars Halifax Car Rentals Venice Car Rentals Toronto Car Rentals Calgary Car Rentals Grande Prairie Car Rentals Montreal Car Rentals Keflavik Car Rentals Nanaimo Car Rentals Queenstown Car Rentals Sanford Car Rentals Paris Car Rentals Dubrovnik Car Rentals Ottawa Car Rentals Los Angeles Car Rentals Carleton Place Car Rentals Brampton Car Rentals Mississauga Car Rentals Phoenix Car Rentals St. John's Car Rentals Barcelona Car Rentals Tampa Car Rentals Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for cheap rental cars in the Philippines with KAYAK and rent a car that suits you best. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the best rental car deal at car rental locations across Philippines. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.