Cheap Flights from Calgary to Winnipeg from C$ 151 | (YYC - YWG) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYC - YWG Find cheap flights from Calgary to Winnipeg from C$ 151 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 28/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Winnipeg These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Winnipeg, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Winnipeg, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Calgary to Winnipeg?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Calgary to Winnipeg that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:25 p.m. - 11:45 a.m.YYC-YWG 13h 20m1 stop 4:00 p.m. - 5:09 p.m.YWG-YYC 2h 09mdirect C$ 160 Find Deal Sat, 16 Mar - Tue, 19 Mar 9:20 p.m. - 12:19 a.m.YYC-YWG 1h 59mdirect 9:00 a.m. - 10:20 a.m.YWG-YYC 2h 20mdirect C$ 175WestJet Find Deal Tue, 16 Jan - Tue, 6 Feb 2:25 p.m. - 9:29 p.m.YYC-YWG 6h 04m2 stops 9:00 a.m. - 10:20 a.m.YWG-YYC 2h 20mdirect C$ 201WestJet Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Tue, 23 Jan 2:10 p.m. - 9:29 p.m.YYC-YWG 6h 19m1 stop 9:00 a.m. - 10:20 a.m.YWG-YYC 2h 20mdirect C$ 202WestJet Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Tue, 23 Jan 9:20 p.m. - 12:19 a.m.YYC-YWG 1h 59mdirect 7:00 a.m. - 3:54 p.m.YWG-YYC 9h 54m1 stop C$ 220WestJet Find Deal Tue, 16 Jan - Tue, 6 Feb 11:50 p.m. - 10:39 a.m.YYC-YWG 9h 49m1 stop 7:45 p.m. - 9:02 p.m.YWG-YYC 2h 17mdirect C$ 221 Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Tue, 23 Jan 12:20 a.m. - 9:54 a.m.YYC-YWG 8h 34m1 stop 7:45 p.m. - 9:02 p.m.YWG-YYC 2h 17mdirect C$ 223WestJet Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Tue, 23 Jan 8:40 p.m. - 11:44 p.m.YYC-YWG 2h 04mdirect 8:40 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.YWG-YYC 2h 20mdirect C$ 224Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 16 Mar - Tue, 19 Mar 6:00 a.m. - 1:16 p.m.YYC-YWG 6h 16m1 stop 8:40 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.YWG-YYC 2h 20mdirect C$ 239Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 10 Feb - Sat, 24 Feb 8:40 p.m. - 11:44 p.m.YYC-YWG 2h 04mdirect 8:40 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.YWG-YYC 2h 20mdirect C$ 258Air Canada Find Deal Mon, 19 Feb - Sat, 24 Feb Show more results Flights from Calgary to Winnipeg - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Calgary to Winnipeg to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Calgary to Winnipeg? The average price of all flights from Calgary to Winnipeg clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Calgary to Winnipeg, Sunday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Wednesday is the most expensive. Flying from Winnipeg back to Calgary, the best deals are generally found on Monday, with Thursday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Calgary to Winnipeg? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Calgary to Winnipeg, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Calgary to Winnipeg is September, where tickets cost C$ 153 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and November, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 371 and C$ 289 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Calgary to Winnipeg? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Calgary to Winnipeg, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Calgary to Winnipeg, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 40 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Calgary to Winnipeg? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Calgary to Winnipeg found on KAYAK was with Air Canada for C$ 151. WestJet proposed a round-trip connection from C$ 238 and Air Canada from C$ 304. Which airlines fly direct between Calgary and Winnipeg? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Calgary to Winnipeg. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Calgary to Winnipeg. They are Air Canada and WestJet. The cheapest airline for this route is Air Canada, with the best deal found costing C$ 104. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air Canada. How many flights are there between Calgary and Winnipeg per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 6 nonstop flights that take off from Calgary and land in Winnipeg, with an average flight time of 2h 04m. The most common departure time is 8:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 28 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Calgary and Winnipeg? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Calgary to Winnipeg take? A direct flight to Winnipeg will take on average 1h 56m to travel the 1,917 km flying distance from Calgary. What’s the earliest departure time from Calgary to Winnipeg? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Calgary at 9:00 am and will be landing in Winnipeg at 12:05 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Calgary to Winnipeg? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Calgary to Winnipeg jets off at 9:20 pm and lands at 12:26 am. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 151 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 18% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 18% lower on average. Flight from Calgary to Winnipeg When to book flights from Calgary to Winnipeg Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Calgary to Winnipeg based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Calgary to Winnipeg Does Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport have an on-site airport? If you have a flight that arrives late at night and would like to get some rest before you go to your final destination, you can book a room at the Grand Winnipeg Airport Hotel, which is located on the airport’s property and can be found directly across from the main terminal. The Courtyard Winnipeg Airport is just a 15min walk from the airport and there is a complimentary shuttle. Are there any lounges at Calgary International Airport? There are a few lounges for you to relax at if you have some free time at Calgary International Airport. The Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge can be found in Concourse C, while the Aspire Lounge is open to passengers of all airlines and is in Concourse E. What is the best way to travel to Calgary International Airport from the city center? Driving is always an option for going from the city center to Calgary International Airport, and the trip will normally take around 15-25min. You can also choose to use public transportation, such as bus 300, which will arrive at the airport in approximately 50min. Are there any services for travelers with pets at Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport? If you’ll be traveling with a furry friend, you can bring them to the designated pet relief area that is in the main terminal of Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport. This area is equipped with benches, garbage cans, and complimentary plastic bags for you to pick up your pet’s waste. Which airports will I be using when flying from Calgary to Winnipeg? Calgary airport is called Calgary and the only airport in Winnipeg is Winnipeg. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Calgary to Winnipeg? Air Canada, WestJet, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Calgary to Winnipeg flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Calgary to Winnipeg? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Calgary to Winnipeg flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Calgary to Winnipeg? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Calgary and Winnipeg, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Calgary to Winnipeg? There are direct flights from Calgary to Winnipeg on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Calgary to Winnipeg, WestJet or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Calgary to Winnipeg are WestJet and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 298 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 250 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Calgary to Winnipeg? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Calgary to Winnipeg. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Calgary to Winnipeg? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Winnipeg from Calgary is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Calgary to Winnipeg? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Winnipeg with an airline and back to Calgary with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Calgary to Winnipeg? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Winnipeg from Calgary up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Calgary to Winnipeg Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 101 or less one-way and C$ 129 or less round-trip. Flights from Calgary to Winnipeg will normally leave from Calgary International Airport (YYC), which is known for being one of the largest airports in Canada. Calgary International Airport is a major hub for the airlines Air Canada and WestJet, so you’ll find that these two companies frequently service trips between these two cities. If you’re hoping to book a direct flight from Calgary to Winnipeg, there are a few different airlines that offer these, such as WestJet. Connecting flights are typically offered as well, and companies like Air Canada and WestJet usually operate these trips. Those that are traveling with children have a few different amenities that they can take advantage of at Calgary International Airport. There are private nursing rooms in each terminal, as well as child play areas that are great for letting the little ones burn off some steam before boarding your flight. Travelers that would like to go to the city center from Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG) have a few different transportation options. If you opt to drive or take a taxi, you can plan on the trip taking you anywhere from 15-20min. You can also take public bus lines 15 and 20, and they will get you to your destination in 25-40min. Have some time to kill before you begin boarding your flight? Head to one of the OraOxygen Wellness Spa locations in Calgary International Airport. Here, you can treat yourself to a service like a massage, oxygen treatment, or even a facial. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Calgary to Winnipeg? Find which airlines fly direct from Calgary to Winnipeg, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Calgary to Winnipeg Search flights Monday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +5 more Air Canada,Delta, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +5 more Air Canada,Delta, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +4 more Air Canada,Delta, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +3 more Air Canada,Delta, +4 more 2 3 Friday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +4 more Air Canada,Delta, +5 more 3 4 Saturday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +3 more Air Canada,Delta, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +3 more Air Canada,Delta, +4 more 2 3 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Winnipeg to Calgary Search flights Monday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +5 more Air Canada,Delta, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +4 more Air Canada,Delta, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +4 more Air Canada,Delta, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +4 more Air Canada,Delta, +5 more 3 4 Friday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +4 more Air Canada,Delta, +5 more 3 4 Saturday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +4 more Air Canada,Delta, +5 more 3 4 Sunday Air Canada,Delta,KLM, +4 more Air Canada,Delta, +5 more 3 4 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 4 airlines serving from Calgary to Winnipeg See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Calgary to Winnipeg. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Calgary to Winnipeg? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 81boarding 70entertainment 71food 80overall 77comfort 84crew Airline reviews Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)"Read more about WestJet Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)" Cons: "Minor point. They boarded the plane very early. We got to the gate 1/2 hour before departure, and were almost the last ones to board." Pros: "Dry accommodating staff all around. Thank you" Cons: "More space between people. Not much you can do I understand that. So overall great" Pros: "Efficient and fast boarding and getting things ready" Cons: "Seating is horrible. Not just the space but the cushion-or lack of" Pros: "Crew were very good. The economy seats were "ok". Food was good and the service was very good." Cons: "Entertainment didn't have enough new movies to watch. The leg room could've been better." Cons: "Always a ‘full flight’ and they run out of spacein the overhead storage" Pros: "Smooth trip." Cons: "No one would get a wheelchair to get to cart that was on different floor. Driver didn't volunteer to carry bags to cart." Pros: "The flight was on time." Cons: "That I had to pay $30 for one checked bag, would have thought the first one was free!" Cons: "For some reason, the return was in Hamilton not Toronto. Unfortunately, I noticed after I paid. Not sure why the flight wasn't from Toronto." Pros: "I loved how spacious the plane was. The seat was comfortable with lots of legroom." Cons: "Problems with the emergency lightning caused the flight to depart two hours late" Cons: "Took 45 minutes to get through Calgary security, long line ups" Cons: "I didn't like the food at all, and couldn't complete it." Pros: "Early flight was not as crowded" Cons: "But was very busy just the same. Weather was poor" Cons: "Many connecting flights jammed together F terminal at YYZ. SOME thing caused delay after delay. This really messed up baggage people. Once we boarded after like - 10 delays and a gate change, there were NUMEROUS whole-flight mixups with luggage - so many similar flight numbers traveling to same destination and whole flights awaiting their luggage. Our party of four had our luggage spread through THREE different planes. WTH? No customer service at DTW once we arrived and there were so many livid people. Absolutely awful. We were supposed to arrive at 5PM and it's now 3:11AM. My son just completed filing a luggage claim loss. And we are off to drive home to Grand Rapids two hours away. Nightmare." Pros: "This was the absolute worst experience of my life. Out flight from Calgary to LAX was on the complete other side of the airport than our connector to San Diego. After a delay we had a short amount of time to get to the next flight. We literally were told to just cross the parking lot. Well... that ended up being a 25 minute run across the airport to only have to go thru security again. After navigating construction and parking structures we got to our gate 10 minutes late and would not be let on the flight. There was zero communication, sympathy or help from the United Airlines staff. We were told it was not their problem because we came in through Air Canada- BUT we booked through United! All in all it was an absolute nightmare that ended in us renting a car at 12am and driving back to San Diego with zero compensation from United Airlines" Cons: "No communication between airlines! No customer service to fix their lack of planning and communication. Just terrible all around" Pros: "Everything about the flight went very smoothly. The take off was right on time the boarding was quick and efficient and all the workers on the plane were very kind." Cons: "Only thing I had a issue with was my headphone jack was a little loose so I had to hold the headphones in a certain spot so I could hear all the audio." Cons: "The person checking me in to getting seat assignment must have been having a bad day. She was downright rude." Cons: "My wife & I sat apart for the entire trip b/c Air Canada did not allow us to pick our seats till 24 hrs before the flight, except by paying a fee!" Pros: "The plane could fly" Cons: "German Shepard in my seat. We didnt have seats together. Very bad flight" Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Calgary to Winnipeg Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Calgary to Winnipeg found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 28/2Wed directAir Canada 2h 04mYYC-YWG C$ 111 Search 10/4Wed 1 stop 17h 20mYYC-YWG C$ 114 Search 9/12Sat directWestJet 2h 06mYYC-YWG C$ 133 Search 11/12Mon directAir Canada 2h 04mYYC-YWG C$ 134 Search 27/2Tue 1 stopLynx Air 18h 39mYYC-YWG C$ 137 Search 4/1Thu 1 stopLynx Air 17h 17mYYC-YWG C$ 141 Search 28/2Wed 2 stopsWestJet 5h 58mYYC-YWG C$ 146 Search 11/12Mon 2 stopsWestJet 5h 59mYYC-YWG C$ 151 Search 10/4Wed directWestJet 1h 58mYYC-YWG C$ 154 Search 9/12Sat 2 stopsFlair Airlines 24h 00mYYC-YWG C$ 251 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir CanadaWestJetLynx AirFlair Airlines Search by priceC$ 110 or lessC$ 130 or lessC$ 140 or lessC$ 150 or lessC$ 250 or less Last minute flights from Calgary to Winnipeg Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Calgary to Winnipeg that are departing in the next 10 days. 2/12Sat multi-stop 12h 07mYYC-YWG 10/12Sun direct 2h 24mYWG-YYC C$ 314 Search 2/12Sat directAir Canada 2h 04mYYC-YWG 13/12Wed directAir Canada 2h 20mYWG-YYC C$ 332 Search 2/12Sat multi-stop 12h 07mYYC-YWG 13/12Wed multi-stop 26h 10mYWG-YYC C$ 341 Search 2/12Sat directAir Canada 2h 04mYYC-YWG 13/12Wed directAir Canada 2h 20mYWG-YYC C$ 348 Search 2/12Sat multi-stop 12h 07mYYC-YWG 13/12Wed multi-stop 13h 24mYWG-YYC C$ 350 Search 2/12Sat multi-stop 12h 07mYYC-YWG 3/12Sun multi-stop 16h 34mYWG-YYC C$ 355 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 11h 30mYYC-YWG 10/12Sun directWestJet 2h 29mYWG-YYC C$ 368 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 9h 30mYYC-YWG 9/12Sat multi-stopWestJet 9h 11mYWG-YYC C$ 381 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 10h 47mYYC-YWG 9/12Sat multi-stopWestJet 9h 11mYWG-YYC C$ 410 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 9h 30mYYC-YWG 7/12Thu multi-stopWestJet 13h 24mYWG-YYC C$ 416 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir CanadaWestJet Search by priceC$ 330 or lessC$ 350 or lessC$ 360 or lessC$ 380 or lessC$ 420 or less Calgary - Winnipeg Flights Departure: Calgary (YYC)Canada Destination: Winnipeg (YWG)Canada Return flight deals: Winnipeg - Calgary Cabin classes: First Class flights to Winnipeg C$ 1,239 Business Class flights to Winnipeg C$ 703 Prem Econ Class flights to Winnipeg C$ 72 Economy Class flights to Winnipeg Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Alberta » Calgary C$ 195Flights from Calgary to Winnipeg Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Winnipeg C$ 195Flights to Winnipeg, Winnipeg Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Victoria Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to Halifax Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Winnipeg flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Winnipeg from Calgary. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Winnipeg from Calgary. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.