Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to Florida from $30 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Florida from $30 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/17. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Florida ...and more Latest Florida Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULAROrlando From Chicago Nonstop from $52 Search Flights Miami From Chicago Nonstop from $66 Search Flights Fort Lauderdale From Chicago Nonstop from $66 Search Flights Tampa From Chicago 1 stop from $76 Search Flights Fort Myers From Chicago Nonstop from $62 Search Flights Jacksonville From Chicago Nonstop from $160 Search Flights Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $30 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 23% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 32% increase in price. Flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Orlando Airport FAQs - booking Florida flights How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Florida? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Florida. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Florida? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Florida from Chicago O'Hare Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Florida? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Florida with an airline and back to Chicago O'Hare Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago O'Hare Airport to Florida? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Florida from Chicago O'Hare Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Florida Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Chicago O'Hare Airport to the following destinations at these prices or less: Fort Lauderdale $88 one-way - $161 round-trip; Orlando $74 one-way - $144 round-trip; Miami $83 one-way - $237 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be March and April. The cheapest month to fly from Chicago is September. Morning departure is around 13% more expensive than an evening flight, on average*. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to FloridaNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to Florida? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.5 EVA AirOverall score based on 6327 reviews 88crew 82food 86overall 83entertainment 84comfort 87boarding Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was fantastic" Cons: "I was very uncomfortable in my seat. I purchased a seat with more leg room but didn’t know that exit seats don’t have the same width as other seats so my hips were in the seat tight. I wish I would’ve known this before I bought the extra legroom."Read more about EVA Air Pros: "The crew was fantastic" Cons: "I was very uncomfortable in my seat. I purchased a seat with more leg room but didn’t know that exit seats don’t have the same width as other seats so my hips were in the seat tight. I wish I would’ve known this before I bought the extra legroom." Pros: "The crew was exceptional! They were very friendly and helpful. The food was much better than I expected. The overall experience was great!" Cons: "It was lovely to have a meal but there was no beverage service. Not even water. It may have been because of the strike." Cons: "The airline went on strike and I have to go through the process of disputing the charges since I had no airplane to board. Really caused a problem since it was a international trip." Cons: "A better selection of movies and a bit more legroom." Pros: "Crew was super nice . Food from Chicago to Taipei was not good but from Taipei to Osaka delicious. Not enough room for man like me 6'2" in Boeing 777 better in 787 ." Cons: "Look above" Pros: "The premium economy seat was pretty comfortable, and much better than those I have experienced in economy on other airlines, the food was really very good, the plane was very clean, the crew very professional, take off and arrival were both on time." Cons: "No complaints." Pros: "Never heard of Eva air, highly recommend. The plane itself was very comfortable, many amenities provided. Staff was very friendly and helpful." Pros: "Economy very comfortable. Flight attendants gracious and accomodating. Lots of entertainment options. I dreaded this long flight but it could not have been more pleasant. Even the food was good! We were offered drinks about once an hour which I really appreciate." Pros: "Courteous crew ever, food was good, service was excellent. On time departure." Delta airlines charge $ 30,oo US DOLLARS for the check in for a suitcase in the baggage hold Cons: "Given we left at 7:15 am, I would’ve liked some food options instead of biscuits and peanuts" Pros: "Kosher snacks! Thank you. Screens and outlets at every seat. Safe, controlled Covid protocols including de-boarding. Excellent!" Pros: "Delta flight took extra precaution to keep all passengers safe before during and after the flight. They communicate effectively during the flight. I will be flying Delta again and again." Cons: "The trip was great" Cons: "We arrived around 39 minutes early and the whole process was very smooth" Pros: "Flight was on time and crew helped find a place for my violin. Even though I was early to the gate, they also helped me update my seat before the new flight crew arrived." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "We were traveling international in Twitter after contacting we were told we can carry one checked baggage but then we were not allowed and at gate they didn’t know the procedure and repeatedly checked our passport Poor customer service" Pros: "Crew was attentive and accommodating." Cons: "Gates switched 3 times and all bags had to be checked because of a small aging plane." Cons: "I would ask that the gate does not share in detail reason for delay in seat assignment is related to getting a family sitting together when the basic rules should apply unilaterally." Pros: "Got to my destination without any issues" Cons: "Seats/seating area are too small, and I'm not a big person." Pros: "The crew was fantastic and plane was clean" Cons: "My entertainment video player had a bad earphone jack so i could not watch movies or tv and resorted to paying for wifi" Pros: "Really easy boarding and flight. Great in flight entertainment options." Pros: "Flight attendants were friendly and thoughtful." Cons: "Seating is too tight. Hard to believe that in 2019, major airlines still have seats without any electrical or UBS outlets for charging devices." Pros: "Crew was great." Cons: "Plane was about 1000 years old and I don’t think I’ve sat in a more uncomfortable seat." Cons: "I was apparently "flagged" by British Airways for extra security checks. As I understood it in London, I was randomly selected for this security check. This then apparently meant that I was to be flagged for all subsequent flights. This meant that in Chicago, after going through two other security checks that day (Zurich and London) and completing customs, I had to engage in a full Homeland security check. This involved removing protective covers from my laptop and phone that were hard to get off (not meant to be taken off regularly) and a full body search that I did not have to do in London. After many hours of traveling, this was very a frustrating experience." Pros: "Flight crew was great. The plane was half full, so the attendants allowed us to move." Cons: "Terrible landing in Charlotte. The plane was rattling and had an annoying whistle." Cons: "British Airways/American Airlines lost/delayed luggage again! Then send an email in the middle of night with a link to schedule home delivery of the luggage that was valid for 4 hours only. It is clearly an attempt to cheat out of their responsibility of home delivery of the luggage that was delayed the second time. Poor, poor service by American Airlines." Cons: "Flight was delayed for more than 4 hours with little communication from staff as to why, gate was changed to a gate across the airport." Cons: "Three + hour delay out of ORD, equipment problems. Even though she had a boarding pass, they would not allow wife to board. Some ticketing problem between AA and BA. Finally, they let her on. We were the last to board." Cons: "On my first flight from SLC to ORD I asked 3 different American Airlines employees if I needed to pay for my carryon before I got on the plane. They all said no. I got on the plane, put my carryon under the seat in front of me and everything was great. I landed in Chicago, got to my gate, went to board and this very rude employee stopped me after I scanned my ticket and told me I couldn’t board with my bag. The EXACT bag I had boarded with in SLC. After harshly grabbing my bag and putting it in the carryon basket to check for size, she wouldn’t let me pass by her into the boarding bridge and told me I was going to have to pay. I tried explaining that I had asked I’m SLC if I needed to check it and they had all said no and that it fit under my seat. She said, “I don’t care what they said in SL, this is what I’m saying here.” And directed me to the front desk where I had to pay $50!! $50 for a carryon backpack that fit under my seat comfortably 20 minutes before!! Without saying a word (cause I didn’t want to yell at the poor girl behind the desk) I paid the $50 and proceeded to enter the bridge but before I passed through, the rude woman said, “have a nice flight ma’am” and scoffed!! An audible scoff. So I’m short, I hate American Airlines and I will do my BEST to not have to fly with them in the future." Cons: "Crew were not friendly at all; I was sitting in the very last row and could hear them complaining about various things. The passenger next to me asked multiple questions and was flat out ignored each time. The seats were very cramped, the flight delayed; a friendlier crew could have made up for that" Pros: "Flight attendants were absolutely amazing!!!!! They made the trip very enjoyable!" Cons: "Food!" Pros: "Nothing at all!!! That should really tell you something!" Cons: "The staff were rude, abrasive, ignored several passengers that were trying to get her attention before take off as 2 overhead bins were wide open and full to the brim. She of course was too busy playing on her cell phone in the back of the plane and ignored/silenced the passenger call button. They were so loud when people were sleeping, yelling ‘trash please’ every 5 minutes, we are not stupid, we can see what you are doing and if we have trash, we will give it to you - so please STOP disturbing my peace and let me bloody sleep!!!! I was never offered any food or drink during the entire flight, not even when I was awake - other airline attendants are more observant and come back and ask us when we are awake if we would like anything to eat or drink. So essentially that was 7 hours with nothing after having paid a little over $700 for what was seemingly the WORST transatlantic flight I’ve ever taken. I travel back and forth often, because I’m a dual national, but I will stick to BA or Virgin Atlantic - the planes and service are far superior to this pile of turd that goes by the name of United. There were no charging facilities (power outlet or USB port) and the TVs had such horrendous resolution that you would get a headache from having to squint at the screen." Pros: "Not very many people on plane so we were able to space out more." Pros: "The plane was newer at least. And I made a big enough stink when they made me check my bubble-wrapped framed paintings that they actually did get hand carried and made it okay." Cons: "These are the smallest seats I have ever experienced on a domestic airline. I'm 6'-4" and I couldn't fit comfortably on their newer 737. The thing that took the cake was that the cabin crew absolutely refused to let me take one of the 5 empty exit row seats telling me that it wasn't fair to the people who paid more, which absolutely enraged me. So then apparently it's also fair that their seats will fit someone who is 5'-4" comfortably but not someone who is 6'-4"?? So it's fair that I can't afford to pay an extra $100+ for it after my profession got gutted in the recession and I make a fraction now of that I used to make? Making your customers suffer for no good reason is inexcusable. I will not be flying United again. Ever." Pros: "Not much." Cons: "Originally, there was an announcement that we would be delayed by 45 minutes because of "air traffic" issues in San Francisco, where we were landing. In spite of this, the captain decided to have passengers board the plane, and try to push our way up the line, so to speak. Well, once we were on the tarmac, the flight crew were told that the plane could not take off, and that we needed to wait there for 45 minutes, without moving, in our seats, with nothing to do. Even though it would still not have been ideal to wait 45 minutes at the gate, at least we could have walked around and could have entertained ourselves." Pros: "Crew was attentive." Cons: "From Gregory at the check in being rude and anything but welcoming, to seats in first class needing replaced, this was anything BUT a first class trip. This was my second time giving United a chance as I normally fly Delta. I don't think I'll make that mistake again. I understand a late night flight doesn't have a meal service, but snacks of chips and bananas is not my idea of how you should serve Firat Class passengers. I would have a hard time recommending anyone choose United as their airline. Time for an upgrade of not just the seats, but overall customer service." Cons: "Worst customer service of my life. I will NEVER fly United Airlines again." Cons: "2.5 hour delay. No working bathrooms. Couldn't hear the tv and headphones that they gave out were useless." Cons: "Terrible experience in onboarding.. Later on i was made to sit in flight for 5 hours at mumbai airport" Pros: "No service issues. Our seats were arranged so the family was together for no charge. We were given a bottle of water to mix baby formula for no charge." Cons: "Hard seats" Pros: "Utilization of Kiosk, check-in, boarding, crew, and pilots. The seats were clean, too. Thank you very much :) !! Flight was also on-time for departure and arrival at destination. * In the Review, put my name as Anonymous. Thank you." Cons: "Prices for beverages, food, and/or snacks are extremely HIGH! $3 USD for a 12 oz. can of pop OR WATER (16-20 oz) ? ! ! $7 USD for a 5-6 oz bottle of wine ?! The prices are ridiculous!! You can't get water to cry with or if you were on fire. Upon viewing your menu, there is a "bundle" for three or more items. This IS NOT a bargain. You decrease the price by a dollar is nothing. It appears to be overly enrichment and a rip-off. I know that you're in business to make a profit. But dayumm!! REALLY??! You all are certainly taking advantage of your customers. There may be either a continued decrease of purchases or none at all. I noticed that there weren't many purchases in relation to the number of passengers on board at the time. BTW, the price paid for the single bottle of wine ($7 USD) is what it costs for the 4-pack, if not less. A person can purchase 750 ml or 1/5 gallon for the same amount or less (i.e., $5 USD + tax). This is wrong and obliges passenger to make a grudging purchase out of necessity. Have you ever been thirsty before? Can't have water to take medications without spending large amount of money. You can't even get tap water or courtesy cup of water / ice. What type of mess is this? $50+ bag check fee is horrendous!! Your competitors are much cheaper. Please add more cushion and room to your seats. Had this flight been more than 90 mins., I'd be making a trip to the hospital instead of home." Pros: "I didn’t don’t get their. Because my ticket got cancelled The airport representative was not helpful." Cons: "My ticket was canceled" Pros: "Great for anyone simply looking to get from point A to point B - no fuss!" Pros: "Friendly staff, fast flight, and no frills fares. They'll charge you for drinks, etc., But overall a good flight." Cons: "Uncomfortable seats, no free water." Cons: "Seats do not recline! No free food or drinks. No charging ports. No entertainment monitors or screens" Pros: "Change of gate wasn't fun but it was handled professional." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They didn't seat me and my husband next to each other. Take off and landing was rough. Everything cost extra. Bags snacks drinks. Only 1 bathroom. Crew was rude. Taxiing felt like whip lash." Pros: "Of the 6 flights I took with Spirit on this trip, this was the only one where they boarded the flight in a timely and organized manner by using the zones printed on the boarding passes." Pros: "The crew was nicer on this flight. They made more of an effort and the temp was much more comfortable." EVA Air8.5 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Chicago to Florida Recent one-way flight deals 12/17Sun nonstopFrontier 3h 02mORD-MCO $30 Search 1/10Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 01mORD-MCO $31 Search 1/14Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 13mORD-FLL $32 Search 1/9Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 02mORD-RSW $32 Search 1/29Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 29mORD-JAX $80 Search 1/7Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 34mORD-PNS $85 Search 1/16Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 47mORD-SRQ $88 Search 1/16Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 34mORD-SRQ $98 Search 1/5Fri 1 stopDelta 5h 49mORD-SRQ $99 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopDelta 8h 53mORD-JAX $99 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$90 or less$100 or less$100 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 01mORD-MCO 12/16Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 14mMCO-ORD $52 Search 1/20Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 51mORD-MCO 1/24Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 07mMCO-ORD $53 Search 1/22Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 08mORD-MCO 1/24Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 16mMCO-ORD $58 Search 1/21Sun nonstopFrontier 3h 01mORD-MCO 1/26Fri nonstopFrontier 3h 16mMCO-ORD $60 Search 1/11Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 29mORD-JAX 1/15Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 42mJAX-ORD $160 Search 1/11Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 37mORD-JAX 1/14Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 38mJAX-ORD $165 Search 1/26Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 25mORD-PNS 1/28Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 28mPNS-ORD $170 Search 1/26Fri 1 stopDelta 6h 59mORD-PNS 1/28Sun 1 stopDelta 8h 48mPNS-ORD $177 Search 1/26Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 47mORD-SRQ 1/28Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 06mSRQ-ORD $186 Search 2/20Tue 1 stopDelta 6h 59mORD-PNS 2/23Fri 1 stopDelta 4h 43mPNS-ORD $189 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$50 or less$60 or less$170 or less$180 or less$190 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to Florida Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/5Tue nonstop 3h 02mORD-MCO 12/12Tue nonstop 3h 09mMCO-ORD $71 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 05mORD-MCO 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 09mMCO-ORD $72 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 02mORD-MCO 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 15mMCO-ORD $78 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 3h 02mORD-MCO 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 15mMCO-ORD $96 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 6h 58mORD-MIA 12/14Thu multi-stopDelta 5h 39mMIA-ORD $275 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 58mORD-PNS 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 28mPNS-ORD $276 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 31mORD-MIA 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 40mMIA-ORD $276 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 02mORD-FLL 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 23mFLL-ORD $284 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 7h 54mORD-FLL 12/8Fri multi-stopDelta 7h 47mFLL-ORD $288 Search 12/5Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 08mORD-MIA 1/4Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 23mMIA-ORD $316 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$70 or less$100 or less$280 or less$280 or less$320 or less Chicago O'Hare Airport - Florida Flights Departure: Chicago O'Hare Airport (ORD)United States Return flight deals: Florida - Chicago O'Hare Airport Cabin classes: $599 First Class flights to Florida $399 Business Class flights to Florida $379 Prem Econ Class flights to Florida $39 Economy Class flights to Florida Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $52Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Florida Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida $247Flights to Daytona Beach, Florida $8,011Flights to Destin, Florida $64Flights to Florida Keys, Florida $63Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Florida $62Flights to Fort Myers, Florida $299Flights to Gainesville, Florida $197Flights to Jacksonville, Florida $247Flights to Key West, Florida $277Flights to Melbourne, Florida, Florida $64Flights to Miami, Florida $52Flights to Orlando, Florida $197Flights to Panama City, Florida, Florida $112Flights to Pensacola, Florida $431Flights to Punta Gorda, Florida $186Flights to Sarasota, Florida $362Flights to Tallahassee, Florida $76Flights to Tampa, Florida $353Flights to Tampa, Florida $281Flights to Valparaiso, Florida, Florida $199Flights to West Palm Beach, Florida View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Florida flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Florida from Chicago O'Hare Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Florida from Chicago O'Hare Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.