Cheap Flights from San Francisco to New York from $60 | (SFO - NYC) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - NYC Find cheap flights from San Francisco to New York from $60 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to New York These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to New York. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to New York. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to New York?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to New York that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:33 am - 6:40 amSFO-EWR 20h 07m1 stop 9:02 am - 5:51 pmEWR-SFO 11h 49m1 stop $140 Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Wed, Jan 17 1:23 pm - 7:40 amSFO-EWR 15h 17m1 stop 9:02 am - 4:08 pmEWR-SFO 10h 06m1 stop $141 Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 30 11:41 pm - 12:34 pmSFO-JFK 9h 53m1 stop 3:50 pm - 7:31 pmJFK-SFO 6h 41mnonstop $168JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Thu, Jan 18 10:34 am - 7:10 pmSFO-JFK 5h 36mnonstop 1:00 pm - 4:39 pmJFK-SFO 6h 39mnonstop $207Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 7 - Tue, Feb 13 8:05 am - 4:40 pmSFO-EWR 5h 35mnonstop 5:45 pm - 9:15 pmEWR-SFO 6h 30mnonstop $208Alaska Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 30 6:50 am - 3:20 pmSFO-JFK 5h 30mnonstop 7:00 am - 10:53 amJFK-SFO 6h 53mnonstop $208Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Tue, Jan 16 2:40 pm - 10:55 pmSFO-EWR 5h 15mnonstop 8:00 pm - 11:39 pmEWR-SFO 6h 39mnonstop $218United Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Tue, Jan 16 6:50 am - 3:27 pmSFO-JFK 5h 37mnonstop 11:00 am - 2:48 pmJFK-SFO 6h 48mnonstop $218Delta Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Wed, Jan 24 3:56 pm - 12:10 amSFO-JFK 5h 14mnonstop 6:46 am - 2:46 pmJFK-SFO 11h 00m1 stop $230JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Wed, Jan 31 11:00 pm - 9:19 amSFO-EWR 7h 19m1 stop 4:30 pm - 7:53 pmEWR-SFO 6h 23mnonstop $233United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Fri, Jan 12 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to New York - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to New York to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest San Francisco to New York flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from San Francisco to New York. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from San Francisco to New York cost $99 and was between San Francisco and New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $180. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Francisco to New York? The average price of all flights from San Francisco to New York clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to New York on a Tuesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from San Francisco to New York. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Wednesday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to New York? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to New York is February, where tickets cost $251 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and December, where the average cost of tickets is $429 and $410 respectively. Can I save money by flying with a layover from San Francisco to New York? The average price for all non-stop flights, flights with one layover, and flights with two layovers for the route found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks. Yes, flying with a layover may cost you more time, but you can also save money on the route, with a 1 stop layover the cheapest option at $244 on average How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to New York? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to New York, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 54 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to New York? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from San Francisco to New York found on KAYAK was with Frontier for $88. JetBlue proposed a round-trip connection from $168 and Frontier from $197. Which airlines fly most frequently between San Francisco and New York? The airlines most regularly connecting San Francisco to New York are United Airlines (7 flights per day), Delta (6 flights per day), and American Airlines (5 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between San Francisco and New York? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Francisco to New York. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from San Francisco to New York. They are: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Delta at $128 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at JetBlue. How many flights are there between San Francisco and New York per day? Each day, there are between 18 and 35 nonstop flights that take off from San Francisco and land in New York, with an average flight time of 5h 32m. The most common departure time is 1:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport. Each week, there are 184 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and New York? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to New York take? The duration of a nonstop flight to New York from San Francisco is typically 5h 14m. The journey crosses a distance of 2,566 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from San Francisco to New York? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Francisco at 5:05 am and will be landing in New York at 1:29 pm. What’s the latest departure time from San Francisco to New York? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Francisco to New York jets off at 11:59 pm and lands at 8:30 am. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $60 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 26% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 23% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to Newark Liberty Airport When to book flights from San Francisco to New York Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to New York based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Francisco to New York What is the best way to get to downtown New York from John F. Kennedy International Airport? The city center of New York and JFK are about 17.3 miles apart, and you can commute between the two destinations using various options. Those heading to Manhattan and transiting on a budget should consider a subway, which will get you there in about an hour. If you want to get there quickly, a taxi is handy, covering the journey in approximately 45min. Which is the best arrival airport if I want to visit the Statue of Liberty? Two of New York’s international airports, JFK and EWR, have direct train and subway connections to the iconic Statue of Liberty. However, EWR is the best arrival option as it sits about 7 miles from the statue, compared to JFK which is around 14.1 miles away. Are there hotels at the airports in New York? Several airports in New York lie within reach of hotels, making it convenient for travelers with late arrivals to spend a night there. If you’re one such traveler arriving via EWR, consider booking a room at Newark Liberty International Airport Marriott or Courtyard by Marriott Newark Downtown. Are there lactating rooms at the airports in New York? Families arriving with babies through LaGuardia Airport (LGA) will find Mamava Pods for breastfeeding and pumping in privacy. These pods are located in terminals A, B, C and D. You can locate them in Terminal C at the top of the exit stairs, close to the entrance to gates 28-42. Can I take an Uber from downtown to San Francisco Airport? In general, a ride on Uber won’t cost you too much, but traffic conditions can affect the price. You can meet your driver on level 5 of the domestic terminal garage or curbside on the departures level of the international terminal. What is the most convenient way to get from New York LaGuardia to Manhattan? By far the most convenient way is to travel by car service, especially if you have a lot of luggage or are traveling in a large party. Your driver will be waiting for you at baggage claim and will happily transport your party and all the luggage to the car. What is the most cost-effective way to get from New York John F. Kennedy Intl. to Manhattan? The combination of the AirTrain and the NYC subway system is the most cost-effective way to make the trip. The AirTrain will cost a few dollars, and the journey on the subway will cost even less; but be forewarned that this may be a difficult journey if you have several bags to carry. If money is no object, what is the most luxurious way to travel from John F. Kennedy Intl. to Manhattan? If you’re really looking to splurge, US Helicopter flies to and from John F. Kennedy Intl. from three locations in Manhattan at the Wall Street Heliport: E. 34th Street and W. 30th Street. The cost for this service is $159 per person but please note you will be limited to one checked bag and one carry-on bag per passenger. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and New York? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Francisco to New York? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Francisco to New York flight route: Delta, JetBlue, American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, SWISS, and Iberia. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to New York? The Boeing 757-200 (winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to New York flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to New York? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between San Francisco and New York, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from San Francisco to New York? There are nonstop flights from San Francisco to New York on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to New York, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to New York are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $358 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $358 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to New York? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to New York. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to New York? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to New York from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to New York? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to New York with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to New York? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to New York from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from San Francisco to New York Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $204 or less one-way and $308 or less round-trip. San Francisco International Airport (SFO) features lounges which are accessible to all passengers at a reduced cost. Many airlines operate their lounges at this facility, such as Delta Sky Club and American Airlines Admirals Club. Suppose you’re flying United Airlines. They operate through Terminal 3, with their lounge in Concourse F (Inside Security). There are four passenger terminals at San Francisco International Airport (SFO). The International Terminal is not connected to the other domestic Terminals 1, 2 and 3. Movement between the terminals is made easier by riding AirTrain which departs at 5-15min intervals. Still, you can use the walkways. If your flight is scheduled for an early morning departure, it may be convenient to spend a night at a hotel near SFO. Most of these establishments provide courtesy shuttles which drop their clients at the airport. As such, plan and book a room at the La Quinta Inn & Suites by Wyndham San Francisco Airport West and beat the morning traffic. Moms traveling with their littlest family members will be keen to know that SFO has designated rooms where they can pump and breastfeed in privacy. You can access these rooms in Terminal 3, near gates E5, F4 and F16. You’ll also find sinks, sockets and seats for your convenience. If you'll be arriving at the Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR), keep in mind that all passengers can access the various lounges at this facility, at a reduced cost. If you’re a Priority Pass holder, you may access the Art & Lounge and the Lufthansa Business Lounge situated in Terminal B. When passengers on flights from San Francisco to New York want to head to the airport in style, they often opt for a car service. San Francisco's Pleasant Limo has a wide variety of vehicles to meet your party's needs. The vehicles are clean and well maintained, the drivers are accommodating and will even highlighting points of interest along the route, plus your entire trip can be booked online. If you are dropping off a rental car at San Francisco airport before your flight, the process could not be more straightforward. You drive to the Rental Car Center that is just southwest of the airport on highway 101 and, after dropping off your car, you can take the AirTrain Blue Line to all of the terminal buildings. The AirTrain is fully automated and runs 24 hours per day. Passengers that are looking for something to eat before long flights from San Francisco to New York have a wealth of options at San Francisco Airport. The airport offers sushi at Tomokazu, classic burgers at the Burger Joint, top-flight wine, beer, and spirits at SF Uncork'd, and authentic Southwestern and Mexican fare at Urban Tortilla. If you are planning on using frequent flyer points on flights from San Francisco to New York, remember that two of the biggest operators at San Francisco Airport, United, and American Airlines, reward travel based on zones. This means that the amount of points you will get will remain the same even if you cannot fly non-stop from your departure point to your destination. If you have some time to kill before your flight, stop in at InMotion Entertainment in the International Terminal Hall at San Francisco Airport. InMotion has every everything a cross-country traveler would need like headphones, electronics, travel gear, and a whole host of travel accessories. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Francisco to New York? Find which airlines fly direct from San Francisco to New York, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Francisco to New York Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air Europa, +28 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +27 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +28 more 26 27 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +28 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +29 more 27 28 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air Europa, +30 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +31 more 29 30 Friday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +29 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +30 more 28 29 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air Europa, +28 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +29 more 27 28 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +30 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +31 more 29 30 See more direct flights Nonstop returns New York to San Francisco Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +26 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +27 more 25 26 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air Europa, +29 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +30 more 28 29 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +26 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +27 more 25 26 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +29 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +30 more 28 29 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air Europa, +32 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +33 more 31 32 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, +26 more Aeromexico, Air Europa, +27 more 25 26 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air Europa, +30 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +31 more 29 30 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to New York See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to New York. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to New York? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 87boarding 90crew 84comfort 78food 86overall 80entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was amazing boarding process was ok." Cons: "Seats could be more comfortable and cleanliness of the plan could be better." Pros: "Crew was amazing boarding process was ok." Cons: "Seats could be more comfortable and cleanliness of the plan could be better." Cons: "Courteous service is there. I do not think of anything better." Cons: "Flight read delayed almost a full hour. My 11 year old daughter has to sit by herself as we were unable to get seats near one and other." Cons: "the original flight was cancelled. the replacement flight was delayed. then we sat on the runway with no updates for almost 40 minutes. and we landed a half hour after the predicted landing time of 115p with no announcements to keep us updated. the woman next to me was stressing because of a connect" Pros: "Their sense of humor and safety first." Cons: "My suitcase was soaked like it had been left out in the rain but my other one was dry. Delayed due to mechanical error for three hours then had to taxi back to gate for weather advisory. I was so tired that I couldn’t relax." Cons: "Our flight was cancelled and we had to wait 8 hours to get another flight" Pros: "Comfy pre-next gen seats. WiFi did not work on this plane. Low clouds at SFO = 2 hour delay." Pros: "Service frequently interrupted because of turbulence; they apologized profusely and made sure everyone had what they needed" Pros: "Quick, friendly, easy boarding, not a full flight, no turbulence, touch down was smooth and quick to the gate." Pros: "Flight was expedient (we landed early), crew was friendly, bags of peanuts, the captain on the second flight was funny and enjoyable after a long day of traveling." Cons: "It's been a while since I flew Southwest, I had forgotten how cramped their seating was (I'm 6'1"), how they don't do assigned seating, which would be fine if I was flying alone, but it created a headache in flying with my wife (who stresses about those sort of things) and a child in a leg cast. The first flight was also extremely bumpy in the first 5 minutes. I've been flying for about 32 years now and never had any worry about planes, but I remember getting nervous for that first 5 minutes (though, that was the second flight I've taken with my family, so I may have been a bit more critical for that factor alone). After that though, it was fine, but there was never an announcement about turbulence or something to ease my worries, so I guess I was a bit nervous." The crew were excellent!!! The seats in coach are waaay to cramped!!! American carriers have, in general, tried to maintain a balancing act between customer service and a healthy bottom line. They've failed, in some cases miserably, and all the marketing propaganda can't change the experience. Alaska Airlines has made a valiant effort to give its customers the best possible experience, and it shows most of all in your crew, their attitude and their approachability. I appreciate and applaud that effort. You seem to be doing your best to play a bad hand with good results. Be on time. Meal coupon embarrassingly small Have working WiFi and movies The restrooms used by many passengers were difficult to use because they became dirty quickly. cross country flight should include more than pretzels/cookies -- give full (light) meal give free in flight web browsing to all Entertainment was only available via personal device. Limited food offering and only if you preorder before flight Less wait time after landing. Waited 20 minutes for a gate to pull up to. The flight was delayed by 3 hours so they sent a meal voucher but I had no idea how to use it. It wasn’t very clear that I was supposed to use it at the airport. And I think they should have given us a list of participating restaurants at SFO. Got a call right away as we were leaving baggage claim that I had left a bag—got it right away. Great service! Food for a five hour flight had to be ordered ahead-not ideal for customer especially the choices on menu! I appreciated the seating for handicapped individuals! Pros: "Service and overall cleanliness etc. was very smooth, good and clean. I sat in seat 1A both ways and as the first person to get on and off the flight found the process well laid out, easy, clean and smooth. I also got to witness the boarding process from inside while seated. Very professional and courteous all the way. The first class cabin was sparsely filled with ample space between us and based on how many people I saw getting on, I think the rear cabin must've been sparsely filled as well. More on the comfort aspect in the "what would have been bettter section" ... in short, the seats are the weakest link in the chain." Cons: "My only gripe is about the seats fitted in first class for this Alaska Air leg (JFKSFO). Like most, my travel frequency has dropped so much that I can finally afford to pay full fare first for the few times I do need to travel. I expect that this will more likely be the norm than not and hope/expect that more among us who can afford to pay extra for the additional comfort, do so. The airline industry will need to keep that segment to get ahead of this seismic shift in travel patterns that 2020 has brought upon all of us. I was hoping to just sleep through it. I normally sleep well/easily on flights (at times, "too well"!) but could not do so on this leg. The seats in first class are just not meant for sleeping and are thus limited in their positioning ... brief napping is the best you can do - carry your entertainment/work or plan on meditating while fully awake. The base is for all intent and purposes, immovable (maybe a couple of inches back and forth at best). There is no concept of a foot rest in the design. The back locks into one of two positions - a vertical one for take-off/landing and a second one tilted about 15 degrees or so. That makes it impossible to stretch the body out while fully supported - so hard to go into relaxed/deep sleep for those who wish to do so. The front passenger seat of a common car offers more for a five hour road trip - something to ponder on, eh? Upgrade the seats ...the extra investment will pay for itself quickly in this age of reduced travel as you'll attract more of those who are lucky to be able to pay a little more to fly in comfort for the few times that they need to. Additionally, sleeping passengers are often the easiest/cheapest to service!" Pros: "The crew was great, amiable and professional." Cons: "The window seat on this flight was a bit uncomfortable... Airbus 321, row 27." Pros: "This time within the last couple months the trip a lot better." Cons: "Flight turned around halfway and returned to origin airport. A full explanation was never given." Pros: "Good legroom in economy. Friendly, helpful flight attendants. Multiple snack choices." Cons: "More LA SF Bay Area flight options." Cons: "My flight was delayed by 3 hours both on the way there and back" Cons: "They had to reset entertainment sets 3 times before they started working. This happens regularly on the SFO to BOS jetblue flight." Cons: "Poor movie selection/ purchase for outdated headphones required. No USB." Pros: "The red eye (already the worst flight) was delayed 4.5 hours." Cons: "Timelines of the crew." Cons: "Entertainment screen in our section of the plane were not functioning correctly. The crew made several attempts to reset the screens but it didn't work," Pros: "Each seat had power outlet for laptop as well as a USB port" Do not get fooled by the term “Delta One” flat bed! The seats were super narrow. The ottoman for the feet was so narrow that when you recline the seat in flat bed position, you can only fit one foot in the 8” width space. There was only 1 flight attendant for First Class. The breakfast took 2 hours to get served. Instead of offering French Toast, the served bread pudding. The champagne with orange juice or Mimosa tasted terrible. Almost all the movies offered were ridiculously old. For a long flight from San Francisco to NY, it was frustrating! I DO NOT RECOMMEND this flight!!! Pros: "The crew was very friendly and it was a day fast flight." Cons: "No back of seat entertainment." Cons: "Flight delayed 3 hours, then a seats were very cramped and uncomfortable" Pros: "That I was able to change flight within the delta app" Cons: "There was a big delay." Cons: "The entire time there was a clogged bathroom smell coming in waves. The crew was forgetful of requests. Not a pleasant flight." Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Cons: "My monitor isn’t really working after rebooted. And the audio hole wasn’t tight enough" Cons: "the flight was delayed and so I missed my train home" Pros: "Terrible seats! It keeps getting worse." Cons: "Timing of leaving the airport! It was delayed and I missed my international flight" Pros: "Crew was nice and welcoming" Cons: "Well, if our plane had been leaving on time it would've been superb." Cons: "Keep the business and star alliance gold boarding lanes open and exclusive for the respective customers for use at any time whenever they show up at the gate. Otherwise it is a chaos to board along with economy. Also, everything was broken in my business seat" Pros: "The seats were comfortable and more variety when it comes to entertainment. And better head phones!!!" Pros: "The food wasn’t bad, but Avianca used to give out more refreshments multiple times during the flight . Now they just give out water." Cons: "More comfortable seat. Leg room was very limited compared to other airlines." Cons: "The remote control in one of our seats didn't work" Cons: "There was no communication by Avianca staff & crew regarding the flight delay. I had a 10:49pm flight from BOG to JFK. Apparently the flight was delayed until 2:00am. I did not get an email or text alert relating to the delay. When I checked in at 9:00pm, the counter agent did not alert me to the change in departure time. It wasn't until I looked at the Departure board in the Avianca lounge did I know of the 3+ hr. delay. When we finally boarded, at least the captain was kind enough to explain the reason for the delay - Avianca needed to change aircrafts, then the originally slated captain called in sick and his replacement had to wait out the required time off as he had just completed a long haul flight from Canada to Colombia. Great job running a company Avianca..." Cons: "Gate was changed 3 times. Fight was delayed 30 mins. No entertainment." Cons: "Avianca decided to strand a bunch of passengers at 2am and the reason was that the pilot was "sick." When we asked to be switched to a different flight so we would not have to wait until 2pm the next day, they eventually booked us on an early flight. We stayed in the airport overnight in anticipation of this flight. The next morning they informed us 10 minutes before boarding that they delayed that flight so we could no longer make our connection. We had to spend 15 hours total in Bogota airport before being able to go home. Avianca used to never be this inconsistent with flights. They should not be allowed to do whatever they wish to passengers flights and offer minimal compensation when they inconvenience customers." Pros: "Last minute cancellation without any reasonable information, no respect for passengers." Cons: "They flight wasnt operated by avianca. The planes the service the food horrible." Pros: "The crew was great and the pilot was faster than I expected." Cons: "Dry food & uncomfortable seat to sleep in." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to New York Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to New York found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/9Tue 1 stop 15h 17mSFO-EWR $60 Search 1/9Tue 1 stop 8h 59mSFO-EWR $61 Search 1/16Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 36mSFO-JFK $98 Search 1/10Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 33mSFO-JFK $103 Search 1/9Tue nonstopJetBlue 5h 14mSFO-JFK $104 Search 1/20Sat nonstopJetBlue 5h 17mSFO-JFK $114 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopDelta 8h 14mSFO-LGA $114 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopDelta 8h 26mSFO-EWR $129 Search 1/14Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 30mSFO-EWR $170 Search 1/6Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 12mSFO-EWR $189 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAlaska AirlinesJetBlueDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$60 or less$100 or less$110 or less$130 or less$190 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to New York Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to New York that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stop 18h 56mSFO-EWR 12/13Wed multi-stop 9h 18mEWR-SFO $198 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 18h 56mSFO-EWR 12/13Wed multi-stop 15h 47mEWR-SFO $204 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 5h 40mSFO-JFK 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 6h 59mJFK-SFO $346 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 8h 00mSFO-JFK 12/13Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 49mJFK-SFO $356 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 7h 44mSFO-LGA 12/14Thu multi-stopDelta 9h 12mLGA-SFO $365 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopJetBlue 9h 20mSFO-JFK 1/20Sat multi-stopJetBlue 12h 47mJFK-SFO $382 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 8h 00mSFO-JFK 12/11Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 56mJFK-SFO $384 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopJetBlue 9h 20mSFO-JFK 12/12Tue nonstopJetBlue 6h 40mJFK-SFO $406 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 25mSFO-EWR 12/2Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 6h 37mEWR-SFO $418 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 20mSFO-EWR 1/16Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 6h 23mEWR-SFO $468 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineDeltaAlaska AirlinesJetBlueUnited Airlines Search by price$200 or less$360 or less$380 or less$410 or less$470 or less San Francisco - New York Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: New York - San Francisco Cabin classes: $1,156 First Class flights to New York $704 Business Class flights to New York $543 Prem Econ Class flights to New York $180 Economy Class flights to New York Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $140Flights from San Francisco to New York Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » New York State » New York $2,345Flights to New Windsor, New York $193Flights to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, New York $193Flights to New York LaGuardia Airport, New York $140Flights to Newark Airport, New York Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search New York flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to New York from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to New York from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.