Cheap Flights from Indianapolis to Orlando from $37 | (IND - ORL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Indianapolis to Orlando from $37 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/11. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Indianapolis to Orlando. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Indianapolis to Orlando. How much is the cheapest flight from Indianapolis to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Indianapolis to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:29 pm - 9:03 pmIND-MCO 2h 34mnonstop 3:24 pm - 5:50 pmMCO-IND 2h 26mnonstop $40Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 6:40 pm - 9:04 pmIND-MCO 2h 24mnonstop 8:54 am - 11:19 amMCO-IND 2h 25mnonstop $46Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Sat, Jan 27 6:40 pm - 9:04 pmIND-MCO 2h 24mnonstop 3:24 pm - 5:50 pmMCO-IND 2h 26mnonstop $52Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Tue, Jan 30 6:29 pm - 9:03 pmIND-MCO 2h 34mnonstop 3:24 pm - 5:50 pmMCO-IND 2h 26mnonstop $53Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 3 - Wed, Jan 10 11:58 am - 2:27 pmIND-MCO 2h 29mnonstop 3:06 pm - 5:39 pmMCO-IND 2h 33mnonstop $67 Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Wed, Dec 13 12:01 pm - 2:35 pmIND-MCO 2h 34mnonstop 3:06 pm - 5:39 pmMCO-IND 2h 33mnonstop $68 Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Wed, Dec 13 10:44 am - 1:09 pmIND-MCO 2h 25mnonstop 9:52 am - 12:30 pmMCO-IND 2h 38mnonstop $76Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Tue, Jan 9 6:59 pm - 9:25 pmIND-MCO 2h 26mnonstop 8:31 am - 11:08 amMCO-IND 2h 37mnonstop $77Frontier Find Deal Sun, Feb 4 - Wed, Feb 7 2:38 pm - 4:53 pmIND-SFB 2h 15mnonstop 5:43 pm - 8:01 pmSFB-IND 2h 18mnonstop $89Allegiant Air Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Fri, Dec 15 2:38 pm - 4:53 pmIND-SFB 2h 15mnonstop 10:35 am - 12:53 pmSFB-IND 2h 18mnonstop $109Allegiant Air Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Wed, Dec 20 Show more results Flights from Indianapolis to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Indianapolis to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Indianapolis to Orlando flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Indianapolis to Orlando. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Indianapolis to Orlando cost $35 and was between Indianapolis and Orlando Sanford Intl Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $73. What is the cheapest month to fly from Indianapolis to Orlando? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Indianapolis to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Indianapolis to Orlando is August, where tickets cost $90 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and October, where the average cost of tickets is $223 and $219 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Indianapolis to Orlando? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Indianapolis to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Indianapolis to Orlando, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 41 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Indianapolis to Orlando? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Allegiant Air offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $37. KAYAK users also found Indianapolis to Orlando round-trip flights on Spirit Airlines from $40 and on Frontier from $76. Which airlines fly non-stop between Indianapolis and Orlando? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Indianapolis to Orlando. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Indianapolis to Orlando. They are: Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $60 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Indianapolis and Orlando per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 8 nonstop flights that take off from Indianapolis and land in Orlando, with an average flight time of 2h 16m. The most common departure time is 9:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Orlando Airport. Each week, there are 48 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Indianapolis and Orlando? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Indianapolis to Orlando take? The average nonstop flight takes 2h 15m, covering a distance of 821 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Indianapolis to Orlando? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Indianapolis at 5:15 am and will be landing in Orlando at 7:35 am. What’s the latest departure time from Indianapolis to Orlando? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Indianapolis to Orlando jets off at 9:30 pm and lands at 11:45 pm. Good to know Low season August High season March Cheapest flight $37 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 32% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 19% increase in price. Flight from Indianapolis to Orlando Sanford Intl When to book flights from Indianapolis to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Indianapolis to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Indianapolis to Orlando Does Indianapolis International Airport (IND) have pet relief areas? If you are traveling with your furry friend who needs to go to the bathroom before you catch your flight to Orlando, you are in luck, because IND provides two indoor pet relief areas. One is on Concourse A by the International Arrivals area and the other is on Concourse B, near gate B5. These pet relief areas have artificial turf, a mock fire hydrant, and waste bags. Does Indianapolis International Airport (IND) have a USO center for traveling military? Yes. The USO at IND is located pre-security on the arrival level. This volunteer-run organization is open from 8:00 am until 8:00 pm every day of the year. Here, US military personnel and their family members can enjoy, free of any charge, refreshments, devices for connectivity, entertainment devices, a children's play area, a library, relaxing seating, and much more. Does Indianapolis International Airport (IND) have an on-site hotel? No. But if you want to stay as close to the airport as possible the night before your flight, there are a number of nearby hotels. Some hotels that offer free shuttle rides to the airport include the Holiday Inn Indianapolis Airport, The Hampton Inn & Suites Indianapolis Airport, and The Hilton Garden Inn Indianapolis Airport. Does either Orlando airport provide transportation that goes directly to Disney World? Both Orlando airports provide several transportation options for getting to Disney World, including dedicated shuttles specifically for going to the resort. However, check prices carefully. Prices can vary based on how many people are in your party, how many adults versus children there are, and how much luggage you have. Can I rent a car from either Orlando airport? Yes. Both airports have on-site car rental agencies. At SFB, you can find car rental desks near baggage claim. At MCO, you can find car rental agencies on level 1 in Terminals A and B, and on level 4 in Terminal C. Both airports house agencies including Enterprise, Hertz, Avis, Budget, and Alamo. Does Indianapolis International Airport (IND) provide any services for families? At IND, moms with infants can take advantage of three different Nursing Mothers Rooms in the airport. One is landside, on the north side of the Ticketing Hall. Another is on Concourse A, near the Starbucks in the International Arrivals area. The other is on concourse B near gate B5. Is it possible to leave my vehicle at Indianapolis Airport? You can leave your car at one of the secure parking garages at Indianapolis Airport. The Terminal Garage Parking charges a parking fee of around $20 per day, while the Economy Parking lot charges around $9 per day. The airport also has Valet Parking, which charges approximately $27 per day. Which facilities are in place for families at Orlando Airports? You can comfortably bring the entire family along when traveling through Orlando Sanford Airport (SFB). Families can utilize the family restrooms, kids programming, and historic educational displays. Orlando Airport (MCO) has children’s play areas and gaming areas to keep families entertained. What transportation means are available to Downtown Orlando from Orlando-Sanford Airport (SFB)? You can only use taxis or arrange for private transfers if you want to get to the heart of Orlando from Sanford Airport. Do Orlando airports have hotels? You can get cozy accommodations at some top-rated hotels located within Orlando Airport (MCO), like Hyatt Regency and Sheraton Suites, which you can find inside the airport’s main terminal. If you land at Orlando Sanford Airport, you can stay at nearby hotels like WoodSpring Suites Orlando Airport Hotel. Do I need a passport to fly between Indianapolis and Orlando? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Indianapolis and on arrival in Orlando. Which airports will I be using when flying from Indianapolis to Orlando? On your way to Orlando, you’ll fly out from Indianapolis. You’ll be landing in one of Orlando’s 2 airports: Orlando or Orlando Sanford Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Indianapolis to Orlando? Delta, American Airlines, and JetBlue offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Indianapolis to Orlando flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Indianapolis to Orlando? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Indianapolis to Orlando flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Indianapolis to Orlando? There are nonstop flights from Indianapolis to Orlando on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Indianapolis to Orlando, Delta or Allegiant Air? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Indianapolis to Orlando are Delta and Allegiant Air. With an average price for the route of $411 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Allegiant Air is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $189 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Indianapolis to Orlando? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Indianapolis to Orlando. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Indianapolis to Orlando? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando from Indianapolis is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Indianapolis to Orlando? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando with an airline and back to Indianapolis with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Indianapolis to Orlando? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando from Indianapolis up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Indianapolis to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $57 or less one-way and $97 or less round-trip. If you want to hit the beach as soon as you land but before you begin exploring Orlando, you can get to Coronado Beach in less than an hour by car from Orlando Sanford International Airport (SFB), and you can get to Cocoa Beach in less than an hour from Orlando International Airport (MCO). If you want to decompress and center yourself before your flight to Orlando, consider visiting the Haflich Meditation Room at Indianapolis International Airport (IND). This quiet place of sanctuary is situated in the south end of the ticketing hall, landside. If you want to relax and limber up before your flight to Orlando, consider taking a stroll down the 0.5-mile Walking Path located in each concourse at IND. The airport has partnered with the American Heart Association to create walkways for pleasant, relaxing, and rejuvenating activity before your flight. If you want to take a nonstop flight from Indianapolis Airport (IND) to Orlando, you can book with airlines like Allegiant Air or Spirit Airlines. However, alternative airlines fly to Orlando, like Delta Air Lines and American Airlines, which make one layover during the trip. If you’re looking to save on transportation costs, you can take either bus 51 or 11 from Orlando Airport (MCO). Rideshare services like Lyft also offer affordable and convenient transportation from the bustling airport. You can also take a taxi or a shuttle van. Orlando-Sanford Airport (SFB) may be smaller compared to Orlando Airport (MCO), but you are guaranteed cheaper flights and shorter lines at the airport’s service points. However, those landing at SFB have no access to public transportation options from the airport to the city. Pass the time in between flights by relaxing at one of the lounges at Indianapolis Airport. Located on Concourse A is the Delta Sky Club, which features TVs, workstations, and snacks, among others. To access the lounge, you have to pay a membership fee of around $544 per year. If you are leaving Downtown Indianapolis for Indianapolis Airport, you can take the Express Indianapolis Shuttle, which takes around 30min to get to the airport. Alternatively, you can take a taxi, a limousine, the number 8 Washington bus, or rideshares like Uber. Orlando Airport (MCO) has wheelchairs to help those with mobility challenges move around the airport with ease. In case your flight lands at Orlando-Sanford Airport (SFB), you can get assistance with check-in and wheelchair assistance, but be sure to put in the request through the airline before the flight. Indianapolis Airport provides a great travel experience to travelers through its unique art. Check out the vast floor-to-ceiling mural at Concourse A and the aquamarine mobiles referred to as JetStream, which are suspended above the Civic Plaza. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Indianapolis to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from Indianapolis to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Indianapolis to Orlando Search Flights Monday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Tuesday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Wednesday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Thursday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Friday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Saturday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Sunday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Indianapolis Search Flights Monday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Tuesday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Wednesday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Thursday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Friday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Saturday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 Sunday Allegiant Air, Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Allegiant Air, Frontier, +2 more 1 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Indianapolis to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Indianapolis to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Indianapolis to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29959 reviews 85crew 81boarding 78entertainment 75food 81overall 78comfort Airline reviews Pros: "Easy boarding. Good entertainment. Didn’t bother me too much." Cons: "Better good. More comfortable seats"Read more about Delta Pros: "Easy boarding. Good entertainment. Didn’t bother me too much." Cons: "Better good. More comfortable seats" Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Pros: "The crew was awesome and helped out tremendously when anything was needed!" Cons: "On my trip from Atlanta to Mexico City it was overbooked, they booked me on a different plane, which was 2 hrs delayed...which caused me to missed the flight from Mexico City to leon." Cons: "We had to wait at the customs for nearly 1.5hrs, then pick up our luggage, then check in again!!! We were running and got on the plane 10 mins before the departure. Super stressful!!" Pros: "I think they flew so fast. We could land almost on time even though we departed a hour late. Airplane was new and clean." Cons: "Boarding was chaos. They overbooked 25? 45? Anyway, they are in panic. They tried to request ppl to take next day flight by giving away 300 gift card etc. the ppl who were told there are no seats upset and arguing at the gate. Flight was delayed for one hour. Once we are on airplane, they are still shuffling seats around, so ppl cannot move forward. Just standing there for 10mins waiting for things to settle. Flight attendants did not give us a headphone. (I have a headphone for iPhone X so I could not connect it to their entertaiment system.)" Pros: "Everything went as smoothly as possible. Not a hiccup. Great price, great flight, great experience!" Pros: "I enjoyed my flight! Great movies, good food and I was comfortable. Nothing like First Class." Cons: "My toddler daughter became ill before departure and the crew was awful. They failed to provide me with hardly anything besides 2 blankets and a few remoistened hand wipes to clean up vomit and was very rude when I asked to change seats, even though there were at least 8 other seats open on the flight." Cons: "I tried to cancel this trip but was told I would have to pay more in order to receive a refund. Very disappointed customer as I have traveled with Allegiant many times and the one time I try to cancel my flight, I’m told I have to pay a fee which was more expensive than the actual price of the ticket. Waste of money." Pros: "The crew was good and the flight was smooth." Cons: "The seats were far too close to have any kind of real comfort." Pros: "Crew was friendly, boarding process was easy, spacious aisles" Cons: "The seats do not recline and are not very comfortable. Drinks and snacks are not complimentary" Pros: "Nothing is good on this flight. It was delayed by 7 hours and the communication is not proper" Cons: "Customer service" Pros: "The crew was very nice and professional. Seats were as comfortable as they can be" Cons: "I really didn't have any problems , very pleased with the airline" Pros: "The staff were friendly and helpful and boarded us in an orderly manner." Cons: "Staff are part time employees and do not arrive to check in counter until 1.5 hours before flight. When flying out of this airport you do not need to arrive 2 hours early." Pros: "Nothing to like!" Cons: "Allegiant has an obscure boarding policy that shuts down online and in-person check-in 45min before departure. We got to the Allegiant desk 35min before departure to get our boarding passes and no luggage to check, and were told we missed the flight because check-in wasn’t allowed anymore. That policy should be made very visible and clear to anyone buying tickets on Allegiance as no other airline does that to passengers. We lost 4 tickets and had to buy tickets for a flight the following day. Horrible experience!" Pros: "Flight attendants were nice." Cons: "There was no one working at the counter when we arrived at the airport and there was already a sizable line. We waited about 10 minutes before anyone showed up to assist customers. Not sure what was up with that. Very uncomfortable seats and crowded seating on plane which is typical these days everything else went fine. Flight left and arrived on time." Pros: "The crew was friendly and smiled a lot. Non stop flight from easy and for me, convenient airports. I knew food cost extra so i brought my own." Cons: "I knew my comfort would be cramped so that was expected. My only complaint was we couldn't understand the boarding instructions at the gate when they were calling zones. The microphone stunk! So because we couldn't understand,, people got in line who shouldn't have yet, and others didn't get in line that should have which seemed to really annoy some mouthy jerk in zone 5....who then had to turn around while boarding bc he forgot his phone, lol. Karma. So, that was my only entertainment and it was pretty great." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "The flight was delayed by hours, with no explanation given. It was coming from Florida, with no bad weather in between. It caused us to arrive at 1 am." Pros: "Plane wasn’t full, they allowed everyone to spread out in the plane" Pros: "I did not take the flight, I stopped in Miami instead." Cons: "Don’t know because I did not take this flight." Cons: "The flight attendant was outstanding. Flexible. Good sense of humor and very professional" Pros: "The crew was very courteous and helpful, they seemed to have a positive attitude and worked with passengers like they really enjoyed their job." Cons: "There was a 3 hour delay outbound and a 9 hour delay inbound. On the inbound flight I was put up in a nice hotel for the day and given a $30 meal voucher. However I missed my connecting flights and had to be put up when I got back to the States. Despite getting in at 10pm I was put on a 5am flight." Cons: "Well the flight was delayed out of Indy and then due to some emergency at Ohare, we taxied for at least 30 minutes causing me to be late for my connecting flight and now I'm still here waiting for my new flight which is delayed." Pros: "Arrived 5 minutes early which was great on a very late night." Pros: "Super great flight attendant in first class. Very friends and beautiful smile. Nice to see on stressful days traveling. Nice job!" Cons: "We arrived in Amsterdam at 9am, after traveling two hours to get there. We found out right away that there was a delay and chances of missing the connecting flight from Philadelphia to Orlando were great. We requested a different booking to insure travel to Orlando, which was denied. So the connecting flight was missed and after hours arrived in Orlando at midnight. Missed my ride and all car rentals were booked. All this caused a lot of anxiety and unnecessary stress. Very disappointing. And to add to it, the flight itself was horrible and there was no entertainment available for the entire flight." Cons: "The flight was delayed more times than I can count, we got a different reason each time. Weather I can understand, but telling us we are waiting on a specific crew to arrive and then announcing that crew is not for our flight was just terrible communication. No one seemed apologetic. The only thing they did was bring a snack cart over for us, and that got raided by children so many people didn't get anything. We had arranged transport from Orlando to Tampa for that evening, and our rides had to cancel because instead of 7pm we were now arriving at 130am. Your airline's mistakes put everyone at an inconvenience and we weren't offered assistance to fix it. My husband went to ask for help in arranging new transport home, but he couldn't even get to the front of the line. The customer service was terrible. We really enjoyed our first leg of the flight home with American Airlines, but after the second leg and all of the problems we had... we will not fly with American Airlines in the future." Cons: "We arrived 30 minutes early but then we waited 30 minutes for a gate." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "If flights was on time I would not have to miss connecting flight in Dulles I had to stay for 22 hours in Indianapolis to be rerouted" Pros: "It got me where I needed to go" Cons: "So crowded, seats uncomfortable, wifi not working completely, screaming children." Pros: "Having a direct flight across the country was a good thing. That was about the only positive, well that & we did land safely." Cons: "Ticket agent said I could take my bag on the plane. Gate agent told me my bag not I were going on the plane unless I paid $50 to put the bag below if I wanted to get in the plane. Very matter of fact & rude. I was just about the last person they let board so there really wasn't a chance to discuss with them. No WiFi on a cross country plane, lame. No access to the headrest video screen w/o paying for it, lame. Snotty unconcerned flight attendants as well. Overall one of the worst flights I've had in memory. I would pay more next time to fly another airline." Pros: "I slept through whole way. So it was fabulous. Clean and fast trip." Pros: "Although the flight was cancelled due to the hurricane i got my money back." Cons: "I was thoroughly disappointed when I realized that I had to pay to get any type of entertainment on the in-flight screen. That feels like zero effort on the part of the airline to make my flight enjoyable." Cons: "After United made me miss my connecting flight, I got an alternate flight to a different airport, but not apology, no offer to upgrade, nothing. Already frustrated, and with my knees hitting the seat in front of me because the seats are too close together, a flight attendant scolded me when I dared put my leg in the aisle (which I often do on other airlines without incident). Once on the ground, I went straight to United's baggage office to see if my bag had followed me, and encountered two of the rudest people, cutting me off whenever I said anything more than they needed to enter into their computer. If your job is in customer service, be friendly, apologize when things go wrong, understand that your customers are your reason for being in business, and be helpful." Pros: "The flight attendant were super nice. Really nice people" Cons: "The flight was delayed almost 2 hours. Then the guy on the front desk was really rude .. Maybe because I'm Latino? I mean he was super friendly with a white guy and a African American girl .. But with me .. Rudeness and bad service .. I said "hello , how are you?".. He didn't answer .. I told him when I did my checkin my boarding pass had "See agent" in the seating section .. He just took the ticket and gave me the last sit available on the plain even though I arrived almost 3 hours before the original departing hour .. I don't know .. It might be the only available sit or it was just a racist thing .. Who knows .. Really disappointed with United. I'll go back with Ameican Airlines." Pros: "Entertainment was great. Got a row all to myself." Cons: "Hard to complain about anything on this flight. Good job United!" Cons: "The flight was delayed arriving to Burlington and then there was a problem in the baggage area that needed to be fixed. We were delayed over an hour leaving Burlington and then when we arrived in Orlando we sat on the tarmac for over an hour because, according to the crew, no gate was available for us" Pros: "Boarding went ok with no problems" Cons: "Good thing o had an isle seat. The two people in the seats beside me were large and that made the one setting beside me take up part of my area. Part of my body was covered by her the entire flight except when I got up to go to the bathroom. Leaned into the isle most of the flight. Really annoying to have half a seat." Pros: "Price was better than other carriers. Seats were adequate, comparable to other discount airlines. Flight attendants did a wonderful job. Flight on time and uneventful. Good experience." Cons: "I'm still not accustomed to the "pay for everything" approach to flying. I paid the $20 for a seat up front, and shipped my bag ahead via UPS to save money." Pros: "Nothing positive to say about this whole experience." Cons: "1. I do not like the surprise fees for bags or in order to pick your seat. 2. Flight was delayed out of Indy. 3. Sat on the runway for 40 minutes once we arrived in Orlando." Pros: "Boarding is fast and the crew are nice." Cons: "The seats are horrid, it’s a plastic shell with faux leather wrapping that doesn’t even go around the back. Each seat looks directly into an abyss of grey hard plastic with a tray smaller than your hand. My body hurts so bad that I need another day to rest." Cons: "Carry on charge. Seats don't recline and are uncomfortable. Charge for everything including water." Cons: "We had all sorts of issues with this trip. I booked flights months in advance because I liked the flight times and the fact they offered a direct flight. I was then contacted by the airline to say that they had to change the flight times, which unfortunately no longer worked for our trip as we were leaving on a cruise… Both the departing and returning flights were affected. This caused us to have to stay an extra night in Orlando as the flight was too early for us to be able to depart our cruise ship and get to the airport. They did offer us $50 vouchers per passenger for the inconvenience but that did not nearly cover the cost of the hotel or transportation that was needed. Boarding for our departing flight seemed fine. We arrived at the airport an hour and a half before our flight with no issues. However when we arrived in Orlando the airline had lost all five of our suitcases containing everything we needed for our week long cruise that was departing the next day. The airline could not tell us what happened to the bags or where they were, or when they would arrive. We were forced to spend our extra day in Orlando shopping and replacing clothing items and swimsuits for the cruise. It was a huge pain and inconvenience and put a huge damper on our trip. They did offer a reimbursement amount per passenger per day that we were without luggage but I have a little confidence that I will ever see this money. The lady in the baggage office was as helpful as could be but it was clear that this happens far too often. I also did not like how you are nickel and dimed for everything on this airline… You have to purchase seats to ensure your family will get to sit together, pay a higher amount for checked baggage than other airlines, pay for carry-on bags ( in retrospect I should have done this since they lost our checked bags) and you have to pay for any drinks (including soda or juice) and snacks while in flight. This was our first time flying frontier airlines and the whole experience was a major turn off." Pros: "I arrived safely. The crew was very friendly and helped to. All my husband who was scared as this was his first time flying." Cons: "The agent who checked me in was extremely unprofessional. I felt like she was envious that I was going on a vacation and she had to work. She tried to make my experience a living hell. I personally think she should be fired. She does not enjoy what she is doing. She joyfully told me that it costs $40 to carry my luggage and after I informed her that I saw it online for less she informed me that I should have bought it online. She then stuck me all the way in the last row of the plane. I am 5'9". My husband is 6'2" and over 300 pounds. Those seats have the least leg room. It was pure torture. The flight crew in the back help my poor husband by using humor to help him." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Flight was cancelled with no advance notice. In fact, the monitors at the airport simply indicated a delay. Because Frontier has so few flights per day, they could not fly me out until Sunday. This was the day I planned to return, and did not work for me. So, my entire trip was ruined. I had numerous events planned and these had to be cancelled. This was my second experience with Frontier. My first was fine. This was terrible." Pros: "I arrived at my destinations safe on both occasions." Cons: "The seats are hard as granite rocks, no leg room at all & they don't recline back at all, oh except if you want to pay for an emergency exit where you have to sign your life away to have a better seat. No complimentary beverages besides tap water. It's like we're doing your Airlines a favor by flying with you. I would never board an aircraft with the name Frontier on it again. Plus you charge a ridiculous rate for a checked bag. Never again & I bet you can guess what I will tell everyone I come across." Delta7.9 Allegiant Air7.2 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Indianapolis to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Indianapolis to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/11Mon nonstopAllegiant Air 2h 15mIND-SFB $37 Search 12/11Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 29mIND-MCO $38 Search 12/10Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 34mIND-MCO $39 Search 1/26Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 21mIND-MCO $42 Search 1/22Mon nonstopAllegiant Air 2h 22mIND-SFB $44 Search 12/15Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 33mIND-MCO $45 Search 12/19Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 36mIND-MCO $142 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 02mIND-MCO $162 Search 12/21Thu 1 stopDelta 5h 48mIND-MCO $164 Search 12/30Sat 1 stopDelta 5h 57mIND-MCO $193 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAllegiant AirFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$40 or less$40 or less$50 or less$160 or less$190 or less Last minute flights from Indianapolis to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Indianapolis to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 22mIND-MCO 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 33mMCO-IND $74 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 33mIND-MCO 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 33mMCO-IND $83 Search 12/2Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 34mIND-MCO 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 35mMCO-IND $91 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 29mIND-MCO 12/11Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 35mMCO-IND $102 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAllegiant Air 2h 14mIND-SFB 12/8Fri nonstopAllegiant Air 2h 18mSFB-IND $136 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAllegiant Air 2h 14mIND-SFB 12/15Fri nonstopAllegiant Air 2h 18mSFB-IND $177 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 47mIND-MCO 12/11Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 11mMCO-IND $515 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 36mIND-MCO 12/15Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 51mMCO-IND $516 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 4h 50mIND-MCO 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 4h 20mMCO-IND $567 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 10h 19mIND-MCO 12/6Wed multi-stopDelta 8h 15mMCO-IND $2,037 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAllegiant AirAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$80 or less$100 or less$180 or less$520 or less$2,040 or less Indianapolis - Orlando Flights Departure: Indianapolis (IND)United States Return flight deals: Orlando - Indianapolis Cabin classes: First Class flights to Orlando Business Class flights to Orlando Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando $67 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » United States » Indiana » Indianapolis $40Flights from Indianapolis to Orlando Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando $40Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando $101Flights to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport, Orlando Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Dallas Flights to Tampa Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando from Indianapolis. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Orlando from Indianapolis. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.