Cheap Flights from San Diego to Tokyo Narita from $404 | (SAN - NRT) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SAN - NRT Find cheap flights from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport from $404 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/15. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Tokyo Narita Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Diego to Tokyo. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Diego to Tokyo. How much is the cheapest flight from San Diego to Narita?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Diego to Narita that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:15 am - 4:00 pmSAN-NRT 37h 45m1 stop 7:05 pm - 9:15 pmNRT-SAN 19h 10m1 stop $626 Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sat, Jan 27 9:15 am - 1:15 pmSAN-NRT 35h 00m1 stop 7:05 pm - 9:15 pmNRT-SAN 19h 10m1 stop $627 Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Sat, Jan 27 7:15 am - 2:50 pmSAN-NRT 15h 35m1 stop 5:00 pm - 2:58 pmNRT-SAN 13h 58m1 stop $806ANA Find Deal Sun, May 12 - Sun, May 19 6:35 am - 3:10 pmSAN-NRT 15h 35m2 stops 4:55 pm - 12:31 pmNRT-SAN 12h 36m1 stop $847United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Wed, Feb 28 6:20 am - 3:10 pmSAN-NRT 15h 50m1 stop 4:55 pm - 12:36 pmNRT-SAN 12h 41m1 stop $849United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Thu, Mar 7 8:10 pm - 3:30 pmSAN-NRT 26h 20m1 stop 4:55 pm - 6:31 pmNRT-SAN 18h 36m1 stop $871ANA Find Deal Sat, Feb 10 - Fri, Mar 1 1:05 pm - 4:45 pmSAN-NRT 11h 40mnonstop 5:20 pm - 11:10 amNRT-SAN 9h 50mnonstop $885Japan Airlines Find Deal Fri, Apr 26 - Sun, May 5 11:40 am - 4:40 pmSAN-NRT 12h 00mnonstop 5:10 pm - 9:45 amNRT-SAN 9h 35mnonstop $887Japan Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Fri, Feb 2 11:40 am - 4:40 pmSAN-NRT 12h 00mnonstop 6:25 pm - 7:11 pmNRT-SAN 17h 46m1 stop $904American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 21 - Thu, Mar 7 11:40 am - 4:40 pmSAN-NRT 12h 00mnonstop 6:25 pm - 12:03 amNRT-SAN 22h 38m1 stop $908American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 21 - Wed, Mar 6 Show more results Flights from San Diego to Narita - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Diego to Narita to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport is February, where tickets cost $854 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,602 and $1,512 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport, you should book around 0 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 58 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport found on KAYAK was with Air Canada for $553. ANA proposed a round-trip connection from $806 and Air Canada from $834. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Diego and Tokyo Narita Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport. There is just one airline that flies from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport direct and that is Japan Airlines. The best one-way deal found from Japan Airlines for the route is $790. How many flights are there between San Diego and Tokyo Narita Airport per day? Each day, there are 3 nonstop flights that take off from San Diego and land in Tokyo Narita Airport, with an average flight time of 11h 55m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 12 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 3. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Diego and Tokyo Narita Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport take? Direct flights cover the 5,541 miles separating San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport in about 11h 40m. What’s the earliest departure time from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Diego at 11:40 am and will be landing in Tokyo Narita Airport at 4:40 pm. What’s the latest departure time from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport jets off at 11:45 am and lands at 4:40 pm. Good to know Low season January High season October Cheapest flight $404 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 12% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 19% lower on average. Flight from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport When to book flights from San Diego to Narita Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Diego to Narita based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport flights Does Narita International Airport (NRT) have a lounge? Yes. NRT hosts various lounges in each terminal. Terminal 1 houses an IASS executive lounge, United Airlines United Club, two Narita Premier Lounges, one Narita TravleLounge, and five ANA Arrival lounges. Terminal 2 houses three Japan Airlines JAL Sakura Lounges, a Cathay Pacific First and Business class, a China Airlines Dynasty Lounge, and the Pacific Club lounge. Does NRT have an airport hotel? NRT houses the Nine Hours Hotel on-site. If you have late evening arrivals, you can stay at the hotel. The hotel also offers shower rooms for travelers that need to freshen up during the day. Some hotels near the airport provide free shuttle rides to and from NRT. Do I need a visa when flying from SAN to NRT? Yes. All travelers must provide a valid passport and an onward return ticket. It must be valid throughout the period you intend to stay. However, Japanese travelers do not need visas to travel the route. Is NRT wheelchair enabled? Yes. NRT offers wheelchair accessibility throughout the entire facility. The airport offers self-driving electric wheelchair for easy access. All restrooms and automatic vending machines are wheelchair accessible. Payphones at NRT are wheelchair accessible and have Braille instructions for passengers with visual problems. All terminals have elevators for easy movement, moving walkways, and ramps to enhance step-free movement. They also come with handrails with Braille tape to indicate the location. Each lounge has priority seats for reduced mobility travelers. Do I need a passport to fly between San Diego and Tokyo Narita Airport? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in San Diego and on arrival in Tokyo Narita Airport. Which airports will I be using when flying from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport? On your way to Tokyo Narita Airport, you’ll fly out from San Diego. You’ll be landing at Tokyo Narita. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport? The Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between San Diego and Tokyo Narita Airport. On which days can I fly direct from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport? You can catch a nonstop flight from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport on Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from San Diego to Tokyo, Japan Airlines or ANA? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Diego to Tokyo are Japan Airlines and ANA. With an average price for the route of $1,242 and an overall rating of 8.7, Japan Airlines is the most popular choice. ANA is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $909 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Tokyo Narita Airport from San Diego is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Tokyo Narita Airport with an airline and back to San Diego with another airline. Booking your flights between San Diego and NRT can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Tokyo Narita Airport from San Diego up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SAN to Tokyo Narita Airport Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $1,016 or less one-way and $998 or less round-trip. San Diego International Airport (SAN) lies 3 miles from downtown San Diego. Several buses offer public transport to the airport. Get on line 992 MTS to get to the airport. Some taxis offer rides to the airport. SAN has two passenger terminals, including Terminals 1 and 2. Terminal 1 is a hub for several airlines, including Allegiant Air, JetBlue Airways, Spirit Airlines, Sun County Airlines, Southwest Airlines, and Frontier Airlines. Terminal 2 is a hub for Alaska Airlines, Air Canada, American Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, British Airways, Delta Air Lines, Edelweiss Air, Lufthansa, United Airlines, WestJet, and Japan Airlines. San Diego International Airport offers various services if you need currency exchange services. Terminal 2 features Travelex foreign exchange services near the baggage claim area in Carousel 3. Alternatively, SAN offers several ATMs in both terminals. In Terminal 1, there are ATMs near Gates 1 and 2, the lobby, and near Gates 5 and 13. In Terminal 2, there are cash machines near Gates 20-32, 35-51, and at the Sunset Cove underneath the escalator. If you are traveling with a baby, SAN offers three nursing rooms. Terminal 1 has two nursing rooms, while Terminal 2 has one. The nursing rooms are quiet, and they are equipped with hand washing stations, electrical outlets, comfortable seating, soft lighting, and artwork. SAN offers various passenger facilities for easy use by travelers. They include restaurants, food courts, Wi-Fi, a lost and found office, luggage storage facilities, and a smoking area. Additional features include vending machines, shoeshine services, a quiet area, luggage carts, and duty-free shopping. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Diego to Tokyo Narita? Find which airlines fly direct from San Diego to Narita, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Diego to Tokyo Narita Search Flights Tuesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Wednesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Friday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Sunday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Tokyo Narita to San Diego Search Flights Tuesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Wednesday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Friday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 Sunday Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +2 more 1 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Diego to Narita See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Diego to Tokyo. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Diego to Narita? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 85entertainment 86comfort 88overall 89boarding 90crew 84food Airline reviews Pros: "The entertainment system, the leg room, the toilets with complimentary tooth brushes. JAL hit it out of the park." Cons: "Not one thing."Read more about Japan Airlines Pros: "The entertainment system, the leg room, the toilets with complimentary tooth brushes. JAL hit it out of the park." Cons: "Not one thing." Pros: "Crew was attentive, food tasted great, the whole experience wasn't anything like the American style companies that try to shake you down for every penny and still get get ripped off." Cons: "The whole experience was great for flying economy long distance. I will 100% be looking for Japan air as an option for any flight I do in the future." Cons: "PA announcements could have been louder. I also had difficulty understanding when I could hear the English words." Pros: "Very professional staff, smooth boarding process." Cons: "Uncomfortably hot throughout flight. My entertainment system was out of sync, so some movies wouldn't play and the others would link to something completely different. My companion's systems appeared to work fine, so we took turns switching seats to use the one entertainment system." Pros: "Sturdest were very kind" Cons: "There was 2 choices for food either pork or chicken But when I asked for chicken they told us no more chicken Then they took the pork from the tray and I had to eat the rest without the main course. Also all the seats were taken by the people who bought the tickets directly from JAL,but there was few seats left all in the middle for people who purchase tickets from travel agents." Cons: "The fact that my father was diagnosed with Cancer and they wouldn’t refund our 1300.00 for round trip tickets to the Philippines which is our vacation home. The airline required documentation from my fathers doc which I provided. He was not going anywhere for at least a year (radiation and chemo) and the denied even credit.I was able to get my parents tickets refunded by a different airline. NEVER Again. my father passed 8/12/2018. Our trip was scheduled for 9/13/2018. Very disappointing.see" Pros: "everything went well. food and service was great." Cons: "the return flight had a guy next to me that would keep putting his feet in front of me. he would spill over to my side so much. pretty rude person." Pros: "Flight crew was amazing. Respect for people at a level I haven’t seen on domestic US airlines. Seat configuration of 2-4-2 in economy was great. Food and entertainment was really good. Flight arrived on time with no issues." Cons: "That the level of service on other airlines isn’t at this level. Don’t go to AA looking for a good example." Cons: "Japan airline will end the flights from Narita to Incheon on 3/25 which doesn’t work for my future trips." Pros: "The staff are always very polite and professional. Food was fine (better the past years). Everything was punctual and orderly." Cons: "The seats were extremely uncomfortable. The gray ones were much better (San Diego to Narita) in comparison." Pros: "The first meal was awesome! The second one was so-so." Pros: "Food was good." Cons: "Not enough soft drinks and ice has to be asked for." Cons: "Being notified in advance that the flight was going to be delayed 40 minutes instead of waiting until the scheduled boarding time to say there was a delay and the delay time was undetermined." Pros: "Plane in excellent condition. Service outstanding." Cons: "Nothing special about the food, but it's not a big deal. Would fly them again." Pros: "The crew was awesome. They were attentive. The always said they were sorry as the went down the aisle with the cart. They made sure they didn’t disturb you while you were sleeping. The food was awesome. I can’t explain it you have to go on a trip with them and experience it." Cons: "Seats could always be more comfortable." Pros: "service/food excellent" Cons: "old aircraft with outdated and worn 'cradle' seats that are hard to find these days. Unlike claimed it is not a flatbed type." Pros: "Free food, 2 hot meals, including special kids meal that can be preorder. Free entertainment, blanket, hood service." Cons: "My son's entertainment console had some issue." Cons: "The only thing that brought my rating of this flight down was the fact that it was so hot in the plane! From the moment we boarded, this plane was, for reasons we couldn’t figure out, stuffy and uncomfortably hot. My pregnant girlfriend did not particularly enjoy this flight." Pros: "Very good service. Spacious one leg space. Good food. Would love to travel again by Korean airline. Thank you !" Cons: "Would have loved if some chocolates and cakes kept to eat in the mid of the journey. But no problem. Overall a very good airline. Thank you !" Pros: "Comfortable flight with a nice crew. An overall good experience." Cons: "After arriving, the waiting time for receiving a VISA was quite long for people staying longer than the regular 3 months." Pros: "The attentions to the passangers are much more friendly than the ones offered today by the american and european airlines, which are today getting more and more cold and unfriendly." Cons: "The second food service." Cons: "Food was really unpleasant and entertainment all out of date movies" Cons: "Bigger seat, but compared to other experiences it was very good." Pros: "Everything was good but we were not able to select seats on the leg from Tokyo to Nagoya until arrive at check in and by that time all seats assigned and we could not be seated together and had to have middle seats. ANA needs to work this out..." Cons: "The sound for the entertain in seat 26G never worked....unsatisfactory for such a new aircraft “Dreamliner”, make it a dream." Pros: "The crew was fantastic and the food was very nice." Cons: "It really would have been nice to have a vegetarian option!" Pros: "Crew - excellent service orientation" Cons: "No storage space for small personal items like phone, magazine etc International Food choice very limited size of seats small" Pros: "The Japanese food was fantastic - individual Japanese food selections which I wondered if would be good turned out totally amazing - well done!" Pros: "Everything about this airline made my flight pleasant. The staff were polite and accommodating" Pros: "Food was good and staff were very helpful. The boarding zone in economy class were easy , it started from the last to the front." Cons: "Check in was a little bit confused, we arrived 5 hrs. Before our departure thinking that we can check in our luggage so we can rest in the gate area, but we had to wait 3 hrs to open the check in counter." Pros: "Both segments Houston to Narita and Narita to Vietnam were pleasant. The seats are spacious, food was fine (nothing exquisite but good enough!). Flight attendants are very attentive. Waster and snacks were provided between meals." Cons: "It was difficult to understand English announcements on board. Also there wasn’t adequate instructions in Vietnamese. Majority of passengers are Vietnamese family with small children. My suggestion is that instructions in Vietnamese should be made more often to avoid chaos particularly when deplane." The flight was on time. Boarding process was smooth. The crew was friendly and kept the plane facility clean. The food could've been better. Pros: "Flight was on time and the ride was smooth." Cons: "Need option to order vegetarian food, including a day in advance." Pros: "Flight perfectly on time. Crew not too friendly (Chinese style), but attentive and helpful." Cons: "On this B777-300, the large Economy Premium is not quite up to the standard of other airlines flying the same model. The tray table, stored in the arm-rest on all rows, is tiny, and opens only a few inches, not enough for pregnant women or gentlemen with some mid-section padding. I could not use it at all, and had to balance my meals on my knees. Besides, when the passenger in front reclines his/her seat, the seat invades totally the space of the passenger in the back. I felt the passenger was resting on my lap. Forget using a laptop, or even reading a book: just watch your screen, a couple inches from your nose. Good for short-sighted people only! I tried EVA and was disappointed. I'll go back to my preferred airline, Vietnam Airlines." Pros: "Super comfortable coz I got the window seat that I requested- restful flight. Able to sleep during flight" Cons: "Food could be better" Pros: "They let me sleep during dinner" Cons: "It would have been nice to be given an aisle that had some empty seats because I have long legs" Pros: "The quality of the ground handling is very good and the attitude is friendly! Handling things quickly" Cons: "Children's meals can be changed a little more, then the amount is a little less!" Cons: "It was lovely to have a meal but there was no beverage service. Not even water. It may have been because of the strike." Cons: "Food needs to be improved. Other than that excellent travel experience." Pros: "Departure on time." Cons: "Me and my wife book the same flight. I was really disappointed with our seats from Taiwan to Phnom Penh. We both got separated with our seats. They need to put people traveling together next to each other." Pros: "They helped me with assigning me to a roomy seat. I am 6' 4". Although I did not think to order a vegetarian option ahead of time they had extras. I would encourage all flights to stock a few extra for people like me who go through booking processes where it is not clear." Pros: "Crew was nice and food was not that bad either" Cons: "Change the color of the seats. Brown is not that nice" Pros: "Seat comfort and service" Cons: "Cabin temp too warm; mediocre headphones (bro f your own)" Pros: "Such a pleasant flight compared to the 3 other flights I had taken on this trip. The crew were friendly and food was delicious!" Cons: "2 hour delay from Incheon to Tokyo. Messed up our travel plan a bit." Pros: "Even coach had plenty of room" Cons: "Appreciate that there was food in flight but the taste left much to be desired. The entertainment selection was extremely sparse and could have been much better with English subtitles." Pros: "The back part of the plane was mostly empty, so I moved to an empty row and was able rto stretch out and rest. The attendants were very nice and polite." Cons: "I wish there were more selections of meals." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and accommodating, even on a short flight. Food was also great." Cons: "This plane was a bit older so I had issues with my seat--controls for the leg rest and to lean the seat back were jammed so I couldn't adjust during the flight." Pros: "Great service. Good food. Excellent entertainment options. Coach had widest seats I've ever sat in. Asiana is always my first choice." Cons: "There was loads of turbulence, but it was handled well. And frankly, an airline can't control air conditions. So I have no real bad things to say about this flight." Pros: "Our flight is only Incheon to Narita and later that night our final destination is LAX. I have checked in to Singapore Airlines the day before our flight. While checking in at the Incheon airport, the ground attendant ask me for my final destination. After a few minutes, shw mentioned that our baggage will be picked up at LAX. I was so relieved since this trip was 3 weeks with 3 50lbs luggage and 2 10 lb backpacks. I imagined going to Japanese Immigration again and explaining the reason for the entry. Because of this our layover is seamless. Star Alliance made it so easy for us to take their airlines anytime. Kudos to Star Alliance. Oh, the legroom is roomy for Economy! Nothing can compare with their airbus. I am only 5foot1inch and its like having a lounging chair. My husband whose 5’10” is happy with the space. Thanks for thinking of your passengers!" Cons: "It is minor thing only. Their headphones does not work. Which is not an issue since I always bring headphones and buds for our long haul flights!" Pros: "Of all the flights that I’ve taken in Asia this one has been the most comfortable. I had tons of leg room and I like how the seats reclined." Cons: "I don’t like how you can purchase an additional bag online you can only do it at the counter. And the prices for an extra bag is a little pricy." Japan Airlines8.7 Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 EVA Air8.5 Asiana Airlines8.2 Book cheap flights from San Diego to Tokyo Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Diego to Tokyo found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/15Mon 1 stop 35h 00mSAN-NRT $404 Search 2/26Mon 2 stops 37h 15mSAN-NRT $412 Search 2/27Tue nonstopJapan Airlines 12h 00mSAN-NRT $861 Search 12/29Fri nonstopJapan Airlines 11h 55mSAN-NRT $928 Search 5/23Thu 1 stopANA 16h 30mSAN-NRT $1,103 Search 1/10Wed nonstopAmerican Airlines 12h 00mSAN-NRT $1,161 Search 12/26Tue 1 stopANA 25h 45mSAN-NRT $1,212 Search 1/2Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 14h 40mSAN-NRT $1,245 Search 12/29Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 11h 55mSAN-NRT $1,254 Search 12/25Mon 1 stopUnited Airlines 15h 50mSAN-NRT $1,271 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineJapan AirlinesANAAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$410 or less$930 or less$1,160 or less$1,250 or less$1,270 or less Last minute flights from San Diego to Narita Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Diego to Tokyo that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopAir Canada 30h 15mSAN-NRT 12/11Mon multi-stopAir Canada 15h 22mNRT-SAN $835 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAir Canada 30h 15mSAN-NRT 12/8Fri multi-stopAir Canada 15h 22mNRT-SAN $858 Search 12/2Sat multi-stop 17h 10mSAN-NRT 12/11Mon multi-stop 20h 22mNRT-SAN $863 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 37h 55mSAN-NRT 12/5Tue multi-stop 18h 10mNRT-SAN $878 Search 12/3Sun nonstopJapan Airlines 11h 55mSAN-NRT 12/5Tue nonstopJapan Airlines 9h 35mNRT-SAN $1,077 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 30h 30mSAN-NRT 12/5Tue multi-stopCathay Pacific 42h 29mNRT-SAN $1,092 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 30h 30mSAN-NRT 12/5Tue multi-stopCathay Pacific 41h 29mNRT-SAN $1,108 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopJapan Airlines 17h 20mSAN-NRT 12/8Fri nonstopJapan Airlines 9h 35mNRT-SAN $1,817 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopEthiopian Air 53h 06mSAN-NRT 12/8Fri multi-stopEthiopian Air 60h 20mNRT-SAN $3,036 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopEthiopian Air 53h 06mSAN-NRT 12/8Fri multi-stopEthiopian Air 60h 20mNRT-SAN $3,052 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir CanadaJapan AirlinesCathay PacificEthiopian Air Search by price$860 or less$880 or less$1,090 or less$1,820 or less$3,050 or less San Diego - Tokyo Narita Airport Flights Departure: San Diego (SAN)United States Destination: Tokyo Narita Airport (NRT)Japan Return flight deals: Tokyo Narita Airport - San Diego Cabin classes: First Class flights to Tokyo $1,655 Business Class flights to Tokyo Prem Econ Class flights to Tokyo $865 Economy Class flights to Tokyo Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Diego $629Flights from San Diego to Tokyo Narita Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Japan » Tokyo » Tokyo Narita Airport $629Flights to Tokyo Narita Airport, Tokyo Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Oakland Flights to Salt Lake City Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Tokyo Narita Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Tokyo Narita Airport from San Diego. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Tokyo Narita Airport from San Diego. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.