Cheap Flights from Toronto Island to Montreal from C$ 105 | (YTZ - YUL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YTZ - YUL Find cheap flights from Toronto Island to Montreal from C$ 105 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 29/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Montreal These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Montreal, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Montreal, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Toronto Island to Montreal?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Toronto Island to Montreal that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:55 p.m. - 10:10 p.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect 5:50 p.m. - 7:15 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect C$ 165Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 22 Dec - Wed, 27 Dec 7:25 a.m. - 8:40 a.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect 10:30 a.m. - 11:56 a.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 26mdirect C$ 166Air Canada Find Deal Fri, 29 Dec - Thu, 4 Jan 6:00 p.m. - 7:15 p.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect 9:35 a.m. - 11:00 a.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect C$ 167Porter Airlines Find Deal Tue, 19 Dec - Thu, 21 Dec 10:40 a.m. - 11:55 a.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect 9:00 p.m. - 10:25 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect C$ 168Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 29 Dec - Mon, 1 Jan 8:55 p.m. - 10:10 p.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect 6:55 p.m. - 8:20 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect C$ 169Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 15 Dec - Sun, 17 Dec 10:25 a.m. - 11:40 a.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect 9:00 p.m. - 10:25 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect C$ 170Porter Airlines Find Deal Sat, 16 Dec - Mon, 18 Dec 6:00 p.m. - 7:15 p.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect 5:55 p.m. - 7:20 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect C$ 171Porter Airlines Find Deal Sun, 24 Dec - Wed, 10 Jan 10:35 a.m. - 11:50 a.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect 12:25 p.m. - 1:50 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect C$ 172Porter Airlines Find Deal Sun, 17 Dec - Tue, 19 Dec 7:25 a.m. - 8:40 a.m.YTZ-YUL 1h 15mdirect 8:30 a.m. - 9:56 a.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 26mdirect C$ 179Air Canada Find Deal Sun, 17 Dec - Fri, 22 Dec 2:25 p.m. - 11:14 a.m.YTZ-YUL 20h 49m2 stops 6:55 p.m. - 8:20 p.m.YUL-YTZ 1h 25mdirect C$ 254 Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Sun, 17 Dec Show more results Flights from Toronto Island to Montreal - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Toronto Island to Montreal to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Island Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Island Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Island Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport is January, where tickets cost C$ 153 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are September and June, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 305 and C$ 301 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Island Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Island Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Island Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 89 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Island to Montreal? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Montreal from Toronto Island were found on Porter Airlines (C$ 105) and Air Canada (C$ 109), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Porter Airlines (C$ 224) and Air Canada (C$ 225). Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Island Airport and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Island Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Toronto Island Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport. They are Air Canada and Porter Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is Air Canada, with the best deal found costing C$ 204. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air Canada. How many flights are there between Toronto Island Airport and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 14 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Island Airport and land in Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 15m. The most common departure time is 6:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 76 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Island Airport and Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Island to Montreal take? The duration of a direct flight to Montreal from Toronto Island is typically 1h 15m. The journey crosses a distance of 791 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Island to Montreal? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Island Airport at 7:25 am and will be landing in Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport at 8:40 am. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Island to Montreal? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Island Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport jets off at 8:55 pm and lands at 10:10 pm. Good to know Low season March High season May Cheapest flight C$ 105 Best time to beat the crowds (21% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (3% more expensive on average) Flight from Toronto Island to Montreal When to book flights from Toronto Island to Montreal Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Toronto Island to Montreal based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Island to Montreal flights Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Island to Montreal? Air Canada, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Island to Montreal flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Island to Montreal? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Island to Montreal flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Island to Montreal? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Toronto Island and Montreal. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Island to Montreal? There are direct flights from Toronto Island to Montreal on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to Montreal, Porter Airlines or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to Montreal are Porter Airlines and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 302 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 294 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Island to Montreal? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Island to Montreal. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Island to Montreal? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Montreal from Toronto Island is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Island to Montreal? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Montreal with an airline and back to Toronto Island with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Island to Montreal? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Montreal from Toronto Island up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to Montreal Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 182 or less one-way and C$ 371 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Island to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Toronto Island to Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Island to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Porter Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Toronto Island Search flights Monday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Friday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Saturday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Air Canada,Air Transat,Emirates, +2 more Air Canada,Air Transat, +3 more 1 2 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 3 airlines serving from Toronto Island to Montreal See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Montreal. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Toronto Island to Montreal? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 Porter AirlinesOverall score based on 2737 reviews 78overall 78boarding 78comfort 78food 68entertainment 83crew Airline reviews Pros: "Efficient check in. Liked the shuttle bus service from subway to airport." Cons: "As expected this is a commuter flight so very stripped down in terms of amenities. Tight plane seating and those overhead bins just barely accommodate the carry on."Read more about Porter Airlines Pros: "Efficient check in. Liked the shuttle bus service from subway to airport." Cons: "As expected this is a commuter flight so very stripped down in terms of amenities. Tight plane seating and those overhead bins just barely accommodate the carry on." Cons: "Needs to be more clear that you have to pay to bring bag on." Cons: "The crew could have checked us in...we were 5 minutes late for checkin and had to book and pay for another flight." Cons: "After boarding had to deplane and go on another aircraft." Pros: "Very convenient, non stops and airport is close to downtown" Cons: "Captain said the 1 hour delay was due to bad weather in Washington DC but there was no bad weather in DC. He should have said the truth. I was in flight 729 from Toronto to Washington Dulles airport on 7/7." Cons: "Like mentioned previously, long delays, followed by a snafu in the boarding process forcing a manual check in of all passengers. net outcome: 1.5h delay. First experience counts, in my case it was a mediocre one." Pros: "Crew were lovely" Cons: "2 short hauls. Somewhat turbulent. No one can fix that,crept the Big Guy" Cons: "Buyer beware! When you buy this basic package, they charge $37 for your first bag and another $50 for your carry-on. I just paid $97 for one piece of luggage and a carry-on! This practically doubles the cost of the ticket. Not only false advertising, but highway robbery!" Cons: "Was.not pleased I had to pay $44 to check my carry on!" Pros: "Clearing security was a breeze, the lounge is convenient, boarding easy and the plane was orders of magnitude more comfortable than what Air Transat offers." Cons: "We sat on the runway for a while waiting to take off." Cons: "There was a delay of 4 hours to board from Montreal to Paris. with not any justification or valuable reason from the crew." Pros: "The crew on the actual flight was excellent." Cons: "The staff at the Toronto airport was rude The baggage policy was unclear and they had trouble answering our questions. We could have saved a good amount of money if the baggage policy was more clear and the staff could explain it. Using the term "Economy" for all flight categories is not helpful." Pros: "We were upgraded to premium economy for free at check-in. The crew was very kind" Cons: "We did not enjoy the entertaining system as the headphones were not complementary. The food was quite okay but quantity was sparce and no cheese provided. Also service was slow. Drinks were served 10 minutes after meal ☹️" Pros: "Crew is nice." Cons: "Had to wait 15 mins because our gate was in use. Seats are old and hard." Cons: "Travelled from Toronto,CA to Lyon, FR and wasn't pleased with service, food, no coffee available plus drinks were limited. And on top of that when I arrived in Lyon, my baggage wasn't delivered from Toronto (was told at baggage claim desk). I paid $70 dollars for something that didn't get delivered." Pros: "Old plane so seat pitch was good" Cons: "Maintenance issues meant a 2 hour delay where we stayed on the plane" Pros: "Clean modern plane. Nice crew." Cons: "Seats were far too narrow. Couldn't sit back without overlapping shoulders." Cons: "No entertainment, staff rude... i do not recommend flying with air transat to Puerto Rico" Pros: "The pilot was honest and concerned with the safety of the aircraft. That was most appreciated." Cons: "Flight was 3 hours late. There was no liquor or even a small snack provided. Minimum service by the flight crew. Most disappointed!" Cons: "Seats are smaller than other airlines, terrible experience. I felt I was being squeezed the whole time" flight was cancelled at an hour's notice- it appears that when flights are not full, customers are left to fend for themselves. I missed my one and only conference in 6 years, and the 900$ charge was not refundable. Pros: "The food was good" Cons: "My girlfriend’s Tv stopped to work in the beginning of the flight." Pros: "No food , no entertainment options ." Cons: "Have the option to purchase food on a 5 hour flight ." Pros: "On time and all fine. Excellent service and good food." Cons: "I want to seriously complain about Air Canada and Kayak booking systems. I reserved the tickets to Shanghai but there were no place reminding me that I need Canadian VISA to connect flights between two Canadian cities. I am a Chinese citizen who is working at USA and not allowed to change flights in Canada based on the newest government rules. However, in both booking systems, there is no reminders. In my opinion, either Kayak or Air Canada can add a simple checkbox to let the potential guest choose his or her nationality status, then this kind of trouble can be mitigated. We talked and called Air Canada people but no buying. They kept saying this is our responsibility. We bought United Airline tickets at the last minutes and cost us about $2,400 because we cannot wait to get back China to prepare our wedding ceremony and US Visa interview. We are very very disappointed with Air Canada and will keep complaining about this issue. As a service supplier, how cannot you think on behalf of a customer? The air company definitely knows more about government rules than a customer. We did have mistakes of not researching government rules. However, the biggest mistake was we trusted Air Canada and Kayak who we thought had taken care of those kind of issues for us. Thanks." Pros: "There was no entertainment !" Cons: "Some of the crew were rude no food or drinks No entertainment of any sort for long trips" Pros: "Crew was nice." Cons: "Just before boarding it was announced that there would be no hot water on board and passengers should try to run and get a coffee at the airport. 5 hour flight ahead. I didn't have free hand to carry a coffee on board.So no coffee or tea. Also no water in the bathrooms! All meals for purchase were not loaded so no veggies or any gluten free options for purchase. Wanted to buy Duty Free and was told that it wasn't loaded either for some reason. The cabin was a bit cool and after 4 hours of cold drinks I was a bit chilled and asked for a blanket only to discover that they only sell them to the passengers. Then I got the giggles as they thanked us for choosing Air Canada voted number one airline in North America. Hilarious!!!" Pros: "Friendly folks" Cons: "My flight was first delayed, then cancelled, and there wasn't even bad weather at either airport. I still don't know why the flight was cancelled. My alternate flight had to be from a different airport and that flight was also delayed. I went from a non-stop flight to a flight with a layover... a 7 hour layover. Was not fun sleeping at the airport. On top of that, I had paid to select my seat and it wasn't honored on the flight back. Somehow I was unassigned because of the flight change during departure but I was still charged." Cons: "I did not like the crew in Casablanca airport . They were so slow and they did not help the travelers to get to the boarding on time. It seems that they don't even care about their passengers. Air canada needs to improve the professionalism of their crew in Casablanca, and the quality of service provided." Pros: "I hated both my trips with Air Canada. I payed extra for a better seat and the one I got was dirty. The tv was NOT working. On top of the 5 hours delay, I hated all the experience. The attendants messages is never clear and focus. It's like Air Canada is employing teenagers with NO work etics or professionalism. I am a frequent flyer and will NEVER flew with Air Canada again. The cheap ticket is not worth the cheap aircraft and cheap service I received." Porter Airlines7.7 Air Transat7.2 Air Canada7.1 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Montreal Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Montreal found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 29/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 77 Search 24/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 79 Search 30/12Sat directAir Canada 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 80 Search 19/12Tue directAir Canada 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 81 Search 22/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 82 Search 20/12Wed directPorter Airlines 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 83 Search 3/12Sun directAir Transat 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 154 Search 4/12Mon directAir Transat 1h 15mYTZ-YUL C$ 155 Search 6/12Wed 2 stops 21h 04mYTZ-YUL C$ 157 Search 6/12Wed 2 stops 21h 04mYTZ-YUL C$ 163 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaAir Transat Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 80 or lessC$ 80 or lessC$ 160 or lessC$ 160 or less Last minute flights from Toronto Island to Montreal Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Montreal that are departing in the next 10 days. 3/12Sun direct 1h 15mYTZ-YUL 13/12Wed direct 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 307 Search 5/12Tue direct 1h 15mYTZ-YUL 10/12Sun direct 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 317 Search 3/12Sun direct 1h 15mYTZ-YUL 6/12Wed direct 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 320 Search 3/12Sun direct 1h 15mYTZ-YUL 6/12Wed direct 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 321 Search 5/12Tue direct 1h 15mYTZ-YUL 7/12Thu direct 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 322 Search 5/12Tue direct 1h 15mYTZ-YUL 7/12Thu direct 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 331 Search 5/12Tue direct 1h 15mYTZ-YUL 7/12Thu direct 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 332 Search 3/12Sun direct 1h 15mYTZ-YUL 5/12Tue direct 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 335 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopPorter Airlines 16h 49mYTZ-YUL 2/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 367 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopPorter Airlines 19h 04mYTZ-YUL 3/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 25mYUL-YTZ C$ 398 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter Airlines Search by priceC$ 320 or lessC$ 320 or lessC$ 330 or lessC$ 340 or lessC$ 400 or less Toronto Island - Montreal Flights Departure: Toronto Island (YTZ)Canada Destination: Montreal (YUL)Canada Return flight deals: Montreal - Toronto Island Cabin classes: First Class flights to Montreal C$ 953 Business Class flights to Montreal C$ 1,344 Prem Econ Class flights to Montreal C$ 265 Economy Class flights to Montreal Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Island C$ 224Flights from Toronto Island Airport to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 224Flights to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport, Montreal Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Montreal flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Montreal from Toronto Island. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Montreal from Toronto Island. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.