Cheap Flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale from $28 | (BWI - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW BWI - FLL Find cheap flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale from $28 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/14. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:45 am - 11:28 amBWI-FLL 5h 43m1 stop 6:25 pm - 11:19 pmFLL-BWI 4h 54m1 stop $65Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Tue, Jan 16 5:40 am - 11:21 amBWI-FLL 5h 41m1 stop 6:25 pm - 11:19 pmFLL-BWI 4h 54m1 stop $66Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 6:25 am - 11:27 amBWI-FLL 5h 02m1 stop 9:00 am - 5:51 pmFLL-BWI 8h 51m1 stop $67Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Sat, Jan 13 6:27 am - 11:27 amBWI-FLL 5h 00m1 stop 9:00 am - 5:51 pmFLL-BWI 8h 51m1 stop $68Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Sat, Jan 13 6:25 am - 2:02 pmBWI-FLL 7h 37m1 stop 6:25 pm - 11:19 pmFLL-BWI 4h 54m1 stop $69Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Wed, Jan 17 5:40 am - 11:21 amBWI-FLL 5h 41m1 stop 7:22 am - 5:51 pmFLL-BWI 10h 29m1 stop $70Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Thu, Jan 11 11:37 am - 2:22 pmBWI-FLL 2h 45mnonstop 6:25 pm - 11:19 pmFLL-BWI 4h 54m1 stop $71Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Tue, Jan 16 5:45 am - 11:28 amBWI-FLL 5h 43m1 stop 1:13 pm - 7:27 pmFLL-BWI 6h 14m1 stop $77 Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Fri, Jan 12 8:34 am - 7:35 pmBWI-FLL 11h 01m1 stop 8:20 pm - 7:44 amFLL-BWI 11h 24m1 stop $78Frontier Find Deal Fri, Feb 9 - Sun, Feb 11 8:34 am - 7:35 pmBWI-FLL 11h 01m1 stop 8:20 pm - 7:44 amFLL-BWI 11h 24m1 stop $88Frontier Find Deal Fri, Feb 2 - Sun, Feb 11 Show more results Flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? The average price of all flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale, look for departures on Tuesdays and avoid leaving on a Friday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Fort Lauderdale, Thursday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale is October, where tickets cost $181 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and April, where the average cost of tickets is $316 and $290 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 61 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $65 on Spirit Airlines, followed by Frontier ($78). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $28 on Spirit Airlines and from $39 on Frontier. Which airlines fly non-stop between Baltimore and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale. They are Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is Spirit Airlines, with the best one-way deal found costing $80. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Baltimore and Fort Lauderdale per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 13 nonstop flights that take off from Baltimore and land in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 2h 43m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 79 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Baltimore and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale take? Direct flights cover the 927 miles separating Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale in about 2h 21m. What’s the earliest departure time from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Baltimore at 6:15 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 9:05 am. What’s the latest departure time from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 9:55 pm and lands at 12:30 am. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $28 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 28% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 18% increase in price. Flight from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale What attractions are available at BWI Airport? Baltimore Airport attractions start with the Thurgood Marshall Tribute close to the Observation Gallery. It showcases the life of America's first African-American Supreme Court judge. You can also check out the Benson Hammond House on airport grounds. The Observation Gallery is a treat in itself with binocular viewers and space and air exhibits. It is located on the Upper Level, and there's a NASA Sounding Rocket, youth art gallery, and Sky Azure that offers beer, wines, cocktails, and more. Can you rent a car at FLL Airport? Yes, if you prefer to drive yourself to the city, there's a Rental Car Center adjacent to Terminal 1. Some of the agencies operating on-site include Advantage, Dollar, Budget, Hertz, National, among others. You can compare prices and make your reservation through KAYAK, then pick up the keys when you arrive at FLL. Can you fly non-stop from Baltimore Airport to Fort Lauderdale Airport? Yes. You'll find several non-stop flights with Spirit Airlines and Southwest. If you're okay with one layover, you can opt for other airlines like American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, and United Airlines. What amenities are available at FLL Airport? The airport features several lactation suites in all terminals, courtesy phones in baggage claim, postal services in Terminal 4, and pet relief areas outside baggage claim areas. ATMs are available throughout the airport, luggage storage/wrapping and baggage carts in all terminals, art throughout the airport, and a viewing area at the top of Hibiscus Garage. Do I need a passport to fly between Baltimore and Fort Lauderdale? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? JetBlue, American Airlines, Delta, Spirit Airlines, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? There are nonstop flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $247 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $434 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from Baltimore is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to Baltimore with another airline. Booking your flights between Baltimore and FLL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from Baltimore up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from BWI to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $57 or less one-way and $141 or less round-trip. Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport is approximately 12 miles away from Baltimore city center. To get to the airport via public transportation, use the MTA Light Rail that will take you outside the terminal building adjacent to Concourse E. Baltimore Airport has convenient parking options for the short-term or long-term. Hourly charges stand at about $4 per hour or $22 per day, the Daily Garage charges about $12 per day, and Express Parking about $10 per day. If you're looking to leave your car at the airport, long-term parking is available for about $8 per day at both Parking A and B. When you reach Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL), use the Broward County Transit Bus Route 1 to get to the city center. The bus departs from Stop 7 at the Rental Car Centre at the airport. Families traveling with kids at Baltimore Airport will find an Observation Gallery play area landside and a playground in the D/E connector airside. There are also rocking chairs throughout the terminals, multiple family washrooms, as well as Nursing Stations throughout the airport. Some of the amenities at Baltimore Airport include state-of-the-art workout equipment and a yoga area at ROAM Fitness. You get complimentary gear, running shoes, a shower, a towel, and bath products for about $25, and at an additional fee, you also get snacks and drinks. There's also a meditation room on the Upper Level between Concourses D and E, a BWI Cardio Trail in the Terminal Loop, and a Zagster bike share stand where you can rent a bike for about $5. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Baltimore/Washington to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from Baltimore/Washington to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Baltimore/Washington to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Tuesday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Wednesday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Thursday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Friday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Saturday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Sunday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines See more direct flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to Baltimore/Washington Search Flights Monday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Tuesday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Wednesday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Thursday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Friday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Saturday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines Sunday Southwest, Spirit Airlines Southwest, Spirit Airlines See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19620 reviews 79entertainment 82overall 83boarding 82comfort 86crew 78food Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was kind and very helpful. Also, I found the seats to be comfortable and didn’t feel squished. There was plenty of leg room. Great experience overall. Thank you!" Cons: "Absolutely nothing! Was a fantastic experience!!!!"Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Crew was kind and very helpful. Also, I found the seats to be comfortable and didn’t feel squished. There was plenty of leg room. Great experience overall. Thank you!" Cons: "Absolutely nothing! Was a fantastic experience!!!!" Pros: "Nothing about this flight, nothing at all." Cons: "First of all, i was schedules to leave at 2p, then was changes to 230p, then 330p, then 4p, when we got on plane it was after 5p, then was about to take off they had to tuen around because of pilot issues, then they had to wait to see if a crew could take us to ft lauderdale then they say they have a crew that can only take us to jfk, then when we got there another one will take us to ft lauderdale needless to say it is 753p, and we just landed to jfk, and i have work in the am which i was supposed to be in Jacksonville. This is bad, VERY BAD SERVICE, and my next flight i will just spend a little bit more money to get on Delta" Pros: "The service was good, the airplane was clean and I loved the leg space." Cons: "I got an email saying the flight was delayed but It was actually on time. Why did I get that email?" Pros: "Best customer service. Both attendance were very sweet, attentive, and genuine! I wish all my flight had them!" Pros: "Jet blue was on time and there's plenty of snacks" Pros: "Crew was nice and the flight was fine" Cons: "I was quite shocked that the seat I had originally been put in the head phone jack and The Wholearea where the channel changes was falling apart. I was able to switch seats due to flight being not full but that would be annoying. I also was weirded out that they did not ha e touch screens. In general the plane just seemed old and dirty to me." Pros: "Having entertainment helps flight go quicker. However, My screen blacked out halfway through flight even though audio was still available." Cons: "I could not get two seats together even though there were extra leg room seats available. They wanted us to pay for the upgrade." Pros: "More leg room Affordable prices Snacks dunkin donut coffee Pleasant flight attendant Punctuality" Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "The airline had the flight delayed due to waiting for flight attendants. Very irresponsible of the crew and members, which weren’t working on the flight" Pros: "Seat space, legroom, personal TV, free movies, free unlimited snacks" Cons: "The crew was overly aggressive with mask policy enforcement. They patrolled the aisles and routine pointed at passengers directing them in a hostile manner to keep their masks on their faces, even when they were trying to eat or drink. They also threatened customers by stating it was a federal law several times. It was very uncomfortable to say the least. I will not fly delta again by choice." Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Pros: "The crew was amazing, the seats were super comfortable, entertainment was great, lots of movies to choose from. Also they handed out a lot of great snacks" Cons: "The delay was totally unexpected and frustrating particularly when no bad weather around!" Cons: "Passengers should have the option to ask for additional snacks." Cons: "Had to collect & re check luggage between flights. Couldn't they have been transferred to the next aircraft?" Pros: "We had purchased economy tickets and got assigned seats that were not next to each other. As we were boarding the ticket person gave us a new seat assignment closer to the front and next to each other – we really appreciated and liked it. Makes me want to fly Delta again!" Cons: "we began the boarding process late, which can be understandable, although the plane was there pretty early. Once the boarding began, someone, I presume the gate agent, essentially gave a countdown to hhow many minutes were left until the flight could have an "on time departure". I travel nearly every week so I value being on time. However, a minute by minute call to hurry up on a flight that was sold out was over the top. There was mumbling among the passengers, to the point of someone joking "Free cookies and water if we make it on time?" Just a bad gate experience, but bad enough that peopoe were commenting, and I waited for someone from the cockpit to del\part so I could mention it to them." Pros: "Chairs was comfortable" Cons: "I had a kid kicking my chair the whole flight." Cons: "Friday when I supposed to depart at 7:21 am my flight was delayed to 6:00 pm and yesterday when I supposed to depart from New York at 7:21 pm my flight was delayed until 11:20 pm was horrible! I never again i would took Delta because I call a day before my departure to see if they would help me changing my flight by morning and they couldn’t they told me that i have to pay $300 dollars." Web site and app most difficult to access. Tel number not accessible. No answer at any time of day. Pros: "Frustrated with one of the crew members because I was told my bag was too big. This is ridiculous because it was the same one I got on with and the plane was about half full." Cons: "Him not worrying about my bag." Cons: "The seats were the most uncomfortable seats I've ever dealt with on a flight." Cons: "I had problems with baggage and Allegiant staff at the airport were very unhelpful." Pros: "There was nothing outstanding really" Cons: "It’s a low cost airline, so expectations are very low. Plane was very dirty because it just keeps on hopping back and forth without any cleaning service it seems" Pros: "Price of ticket. Crew was efficient." Cons: "Baggage limitations are not clear: especially when the ticket says no carryon luggage. What they mean is anything that fits under your seat and is under 20 lbs is OK. Seat did not recline. Leg room was poor." Cons: "Allegiant needs to get stuff together when it comes to boarding." Pros: "the crew was very welcoming. and the boarding process was fast." Cons: "the seats are not comfortable. however I can understand because of the price." Pros: "The crew was great. The flight arrived early and boarding was smooth. Seats were not that great. Would definitely fly with them again." Cons: "A free beverage and snack." Pros: "Definitely the price. Fairly quick boarding process, just a little congested. Decent priced drinks." Cons: "Not the most comfortable seats, but there was no one next to me, so it was okay." Cons: "Super cramped rows. No leg room at all. Delayed awaiting takeoff." Cons: "Lots of delays and sometimes confusing communications from the airlines about departure times." Cons: "Seat wasn’t comfortable and the on flight entertainment didn’t work. AA in flight WiFi kept giving error messages" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "You were late per usual. I wouldn’t have a job if I operated like you. It would be nice if there was some accountability" Pros: "Very helpful crew." Cons: "Too often the video screen I’m given doesn’t charge up and it has to be replaced mid flight. This happened again during this flight when 2 screens didn’t charge and had to be replaced before the movie ended. The crew was helpful, but this problem is annoying." Pros: "It was ok. Got there safe and sound. That's what counts." Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Crew" Cons: "Delays departing delays connecting delays delays delays. Flight attendants were very pleasant." Pros: "One of the flight attendants was nice." Cons: "AA is now trying to save money (presumably) by doing like Delta: forcing half of us to connect in Charlotte. Unfortunately, the Charlotte airport is not ready to accommodate so many people. The airport looks like it is being renovated, which is fine, but there is no tape/cones to mark off the renovated areas from the walkways. You literally walk through dirt and construction sites. I didn't even think that was legal in the US?! Anyway, maybe it will be worth it once the renovations are complete, especially if AA is going to use it as a hub." Pros: "Nothing special" Cons: "BWI check-in crew is not friendly, not related to Japan Airline." Pros: "The crew was excellent. Stewardess was cheerful and helpful. The flight while full was not crowded." Cons: "Plane was late. Mechanical issue at the gate after boarding. Seating room pretty tight. Three gate chanes at O'Hare." Beware that when flying into Atlanta with Frontier, you will wait for your checked bag for a full hour after arriving at the gate! Do NOT recommend Frontier if Atlanta is your final destination! Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Social distancing guidelines should be applied on plane. Rather than leave 20+ seats empty, and cram everyone 6 to a row. Flight was over 2 hours delayed due to not having maintenance staff available. And then I was crammed in next to an oversized individual where we couldn’t even keep the armrest down." Pros: "The staff did their job fine" Cons: "Frontier is the Electronic Arts of the Airlines Industries, serving micro transactions for every piece of your experience, leaves a very sour taste. Would recommend any other airline" Pros: "The legroom we paid for." Cons: "This time the attendant still wouldn’t let anyone in rows 2 & 3 place the carry on they had paid extra for in the overhead bins, but she didn’t make me put it under the seat in front of me (this losing the extra leg room we paid for), so I put it in a bin behind me. The plane was late, but the pilot made up most of the time, but then it took 55 minutes to get our luggage." Cons: "We sat on the runway in Fort Lauderdale for an hour and 15 minutes. Very aggravating" Pros: "The crew was great. In a good mood and accommodated my requests. (For complimentary water and a trading card to remember my trip)" Cons: "Seat was awfully uncomfortable. I’m only a slim built 5’9” woman and my knees were indenting the next seatback. And the aisle was too busy for me but that could have been fixed with paying for a window. I do not recommend flying in these economy seats for any longer than 2.5 hours." Cons: "For budget airline it’s awesome. Couldn’t ask more" Pros: "I was in row 2 and it had reclining seats." Cons: "They did not have enough people to push wheelchairs at Mac Arthur airport. My husband had to push me & since we don’t know the airport we had to ask every step we went, they had no signs leading the way." Pros: "There is a dispute going on about who cleans the planes and so the crew won’t help thereby placing the customer in the middle of the dispute. 45 minutes late because of this nonsense." Cons: "Someone clean the damn plane and get the PAYING customers on their way." Pros: "The anouncements in Islip explaining the boarding process and warning people about bringing carry ons that they did not pay for were clear, loud and understandable. Crew was great." Cons: "the seats hurt my butt, not sure if I could do a longer flight on this plane" JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Allegiant Air7.2 American Airlines7.2 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/14Thu 1 stopSpirit Airlines 5h 41mBWI-FLL $28 Search 12/9Sat 1 stopSpirit Airlines 5h 40mBWI-FLL $33 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 5h 02mBWI-FLL $34 Search 1/18Thu 1 stopSpirit Airlines 5h 43mBWI-FLL $35 Search 2/2Fri 1 stopFrontier 8h 00mBWI-FLL $39 Search 1/19Fri 1 stopFrontier 8h 00mBWI-FLL $44 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopDelta 5h 30mBWI-FLL $144 Search 4/27Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 08mBWI-FLL $167 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopDelta 4h 53mBWI-FLL $184 Search 3/22Fri 1 stopJetBlue 9h 52mBWI-FLL $210 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAmerican AirlinesJetBlue Search by price$30 or less$40 or less$40 or less$170 or less$210 or less Last minute flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mBWI-FLL 12/19Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 4h 55mFLL-BWI $90 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 48mBWI-FLL 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 4h 55mFLL-BWI $92 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 48mBWI-FLL 12/15Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 34mFLL-BWI $96 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mBWI-FLL 12/16Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 32mFLL-BWI $98 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 52mBWI-FLL 12/13Wed multi-stop 9h 28mFLL-BWI $107 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mBWI-FLL 12/16Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 36mFLL-BWI $108 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 48mBWI-FLL 12/13Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 32mFLL-BWI $111 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mBWI-FLL 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 33mFLL-BWI $112 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mBWI-FLL 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 32mFLL-BWI $113 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 2h 48mBWI-FLL 12/14Thu multi-stop 11h 07mFLL-BWI $123 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit Airlines Search by price$90 or less$100 or less$110 or less$110 or less$120 or less Baltimore - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: Baltimore (BWI)United States Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - Baltimore Cabin classes: First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale $80 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » United States » Maryland » Baltimore $65Flights from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $65Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Compare transportation modes for Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale Average price Average duration Flights $183 2h 45m Trains $296 23h 58m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Baltimore. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from Baltimore. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.