Cheap Flights from Ottawa to Newark Airport from C$ 152 | (YOW - EWR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YOW - EWR Find cheap flights from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport from C$ 152 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 24/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Newark Liberty Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Newark, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Newark, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Ottawa to Newark?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Ottawa to Newark that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:55 a.m. - 9:25 a.m.YOW-EWR 1h 30mdirect 10:00 a.m. - 11:40 a.m.EWR-YOW 1h 40mdirect C$ 173Porter Airlines Find Deal Thu, 21 Dec - Wed, 27 Dec 7:55 a.m. - 9:25 a.m.YOW-EWR 1h 30mdirect 6:25 p.m. - 8:10 p.m.EWR-YOW 1h 45mdirect C$ 183Porter Airlines Find Deal Wed, 13 Dec - Wed, 13 Dec 5:45 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.YOW-EWR 1h 45mdirect 2:55 p.m. - 4:32 p.m.EWR-YOW 1h 37mdirect C$ 189Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 13 Dec - Thu, 14 Dec 1:25 p.m. - 3:10 p.m.YOW-EWR 1h 45mdirect 8:00 a.m. - 9:29 a.m.EWR-YOW 1h 29mdirect C$ 195Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 14 Dec - Fri, 15 Dec 6:01 a.m. - 7:54 a.m.YOW-EWR 1h 53mdirect 6:00 a.m. - 11:49 a.m.EWR-YOW 5h 49m1 stop C$ 204 Find Deal Mon, 18 Dec - Thu, 28 Dec 5:45 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.YOW-EWR 1h 45mdirect 6:00 a.m. - 11:49 a.m.EWR-YOW 5h 49m1 stop C$ 216 Find Deal Wed, 20 Dec - Tue, 26 Dec 5:45 p.m. - 7:38 p.m.YOW-EWR 1h 53mdirect 10:59 a.m. - 12:35 p.m.EWR-YOW 1h 36mdirect C$ 250United Airlines Find Deal Sat, 3 Feb - Sun, 4 Feb 5:53 p.m. - 7:36 p.m.YOW-EWR 1h 43mdirect 11:00 a.m. - 12:40 p.m.EWR-YOW 1h 40mdirect C$ 279United Airlines Find Deal Sat, 23 Mar - Sun, 31 Mar 6:00 a.m. - 5:36 p.m.YOW-EWR 11h 36m2 stops 9:50 a.m. - 12:22 a.m.EWR-YOW 14h 32m2 stops C$ 397Delta Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Mon, 15 Jan 6:00 a.m. - 5:24 p.m.YOW-EWR 11h 24m2 stops 1:00 p.m. - 12:22 a.m.EWR-YOW 11h 22m2 stops C$ 427Delta Find Deal Sat, 20 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan Show more results Flights from Ottawa to Newark - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Ottawa to Newark to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport? The average price of all flights from Ottawa to Newark Airport clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Saturday is the most expensive. Flying from Newark Liberty Airport back to Ottawa, the best deals are generally found on Monday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Ottawa to Newark Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Newark Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Ottawa to Newark Airport is May, where tickets cost C$ 316 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and January, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 404 and C$ 384 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Ottawa to Newark Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Newark Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Ottawa to Newark Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 85 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Porter Airlines (C$ 152) and Air Canada (C$ 155). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Porter Airlines (C$ 235) and Air Canada (C$ 257). Which airlines fly most frequently between Ottawa and Newark Liberty Airport? Porter Airlines connects Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport with up to 2 flights per day. United Airlines also offers 2 flights per day, while Air Canada follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly direct between Ottawa and Newark Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Ottawa to Newark Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from Ottawa to Newark Airport. They are: Air Canada, Porter Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Air Canada at C$ 219. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Porter Airlines. How many flights are there between Ottawa and Newark Airport per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 6 nonstop flights that take off from Ottawa and land in Newark Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 37m. The most common departure time is 5:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 36 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Ottawa and Newark Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport take? A direct flight to Newark Liberty Airport will take on average 1h 30m to travel the 850 km flying distance from Ottawa. What’s the earliest departure time from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Ottawa at 6:00 am and will be landing in Newark Airport at 8:03 am. What’s the latest departure time from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Ottawa to Newark Airport jets off at 7:30 pm and lands at 9:02 pm. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 152 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 8% increase in price. Most popular time to fly (2% more expensive on average) Flight from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport When to book flights from Ottawa to Newark Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Ottawa to Newark based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport flights Does Ottawa Airport offer family services to passengers traveling with kids? Ottawa Airport provides family services to passengers traveling with kids. The airport has breastfeeding rooms with changing tables and rocking chairs. The baby care rooms are on level 2 airside of U.S. Flights, level 2 of International Flights close to gates 14 and 18, and the landside of the Arrivals Hall on level 1. If you have kids, you can access the nursing rooms adjacent to most restrooms in the airport. You can also access the children’s play areas close to gate 19, the domestic and international hold room. Which eco-friendly flights can I take from Ottawa to Newark? Several eco-friendly flights are traveling from Ottawa to Newark. You can choose one of the flights traveling that route that offer more environmentally sound travel. A flight traveling from Ottawa to EWR takes about 557 lbs of carbon for every passenger traveling on the flight. If you are looking for eco-friendly flights, Porter Airlines offers the most eco-friendly flights traveling the route with 48% less carbon emission. The eco-friendliest flight, however, releases about 288 lbs of carbon on average. What ground transportation options do I have from Newark Airport? The Newark Airport is well-connected to public transit. There are many transport options to access the rest of Newark. The airport is connected to an Air Train system linking the airport to New Jersey Transit and main rail lines at the coast and northeast of Newark. N.J. Transit Bus Lines also serve EWR GO 28, 37, 62, 67, and 107, offering direct transportation from the airport to New York. You can also get a taxi in front of all the airport terminals. There are also shared rides providing door-to-door services between EWR and the metropolitan area of Newark. Are there flights with layovers traveling from Ottawa to Newark? Yes. If you want to have stopovers on the way to Newark from Ottawa YOW, you can choose from one of the flights traveling the route. The flights with layovers vary depending on the number of layovers you plan on having and your airline. Porter airlines offer most of the transit from Ottawa to EWR. The main stopover cities for a flight from Ottawa to Newark include Toronto, Detroit, and Washington D.C. Which airports will I be using when flying from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport? On your way to Newark Liberty Airport, you’ll fly out from Ottawa. You’ll be landing at Newark. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport? Alaska Airlines, Air Canada, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport? The Embraer 175 (Enhanced Winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Ottawa and Newark Liberty Airport. On which days can I fly direct from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport? There are direct flights from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Ottawa to Newark, Porter Airlines or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Ottawa to Newark are Porter Airlines and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 325 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 400 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Newark Liberty Airport from Ottawa is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Newark Liberty Airport with an airline and back to Ottawa with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Ottawa to Newark Liberty Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Newark Liberty Airport from Ottawa up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Ottawa to Newark Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 229 or less one-way and C$ 376 or less round-trip. Ottawa International Airport (YOW) is the primary airport serving Ottawa, the capital of Canada. The airport has a single terminal spread over three levels. The airport is easy to maneuver when traveling from Ottawa, even for first-time travelers. Ottawa International Airport, 9.5 km from the downtown area of Ottawa, is a hub for Porter Airlines and Air Canada. Sunwing, Air Transat, WestJet, and United Express operate from YOW. Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) is the closest airport in Newark to the city center, about 20 km away. When visiting Newark, this central airport is accessible to different parts of the city. If you have limited mobility, the airlines traveling from Ottawa to Newark offer accessibility services. To get a wheelchair, request with your airline at least two days before your travel date. If you want to travel to Newark from Ottawa during night hours, various flights offer that. You can take Air Canada flights which arrive in EWR during night hours. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Ottawa to Newark? Find which airlines fly direct from Ottawa to Newark, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Ottawa to Newark Search flights Monday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 Thursday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 Friday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 Saturday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 Sunday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Newark to Ottawa Search flights Monday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 Tuesday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 Wednesday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 Thursday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 Friday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 Saturday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 Sunday Air Canada,Porter Airlines,Scandinavian Airlines, +1 more Air Canada,Porter Airlines, +2 more 1 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Ottawa to Newark See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Ottawa to Newark. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Ottawa to Newark? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29954 reviews 85crew 78comfort 81boarding 78entertainment 81overall 75food Airline reviews Bad crew with full of attitude, bad plane. Pls get some new planes. No food, no drinks nothingRead more about Delta Bad crew with full of attitude, bad plane. Pls get some new planes. No food, no drinks nothing Boarding was easy. Gate agent was great! I have flown at this time before and they always make the announcement that the overhead bins are already full or my carry on is subject to plane-side tagging. Never fails. A bigger plane with more overhead space would be better. Overall a great flight Pros: "Security and checking in was quick and easy! Crew members were understanding and accommodating." Cons: "just an old plane. still had ashtrays in it. but overall ok because arrived safely and professionalism of staff was quite commendable" Pros: "The crew was understanding and sympathetic to the customer's frustration with a delayed flight." Cons: "Delta should have figured out a way to not delay the flight. Every flight was delayed." Pros: "The crew was amazing! They were helpful and professional. Made the flight wonderful. Our stewardess, Brenda Joyce, has great energy. My daughters and I were taking a trip to honor my husband who recently passed and she was phenomenal at keeping our spirits up." Cons: "Better snacks." Pros: "Charging at every seat is great." Cons: "All of the plane extras (e.g. WiFi, food service, etc.) were out of commission for some reason. Without WiFi, I couldn’t watch anything on my own device, and I would’ve had to pay for a headset that is compatible with your screens." Pros: "Crew was great especially Fawn. Best flight attendant I’ve had." Cons: "Flight was delayed and we missed our connection in Atlanta. We’re put on standby on the 2 later flights with no guarantee of seats. Flights out the next morning we’re booked as well. Would’ve had to wait until 2pm for a flight home. Decided to switch destinations and rent a car to get home. Luggage also wasn’t on plane to Columbia, SC either even though they said they would be!!" Pros: "Nice crew" Cons: "Late flight due to ground hold EWR. Two screaming kids immediately behind me." Cons: "Everything was excellent! I will be flying with them again!" Pros: "lots of crew members, flight landed a few minutes early." Cons: "although i booked a reservation with 2 passengers, they didn't seat us together and were not helpful at all when we asked them to switch (they assigned middle seats in different rows, so i wasn't able to just ask another passenger to switch). the agent's attitude at the gate was "too bad"" Pros: "Comfortable with good food, drink, entertainment and service. Flight left on time." Cons: "NA" Pros: "- Excellent service, food and entertainment. - Pilot compensated for the delayed take off" Cons: "- The take off was delayed and we stayed in the plane for over 1 hour - When we landed we waited in the plane for over 40 min until we got to the gate" Cons: "Flight was delayed getting out and when we landed we were stuck on the tarmac for an hour so our connecting flight was missed. The person at the Lufthansa desk left at EWR so there was no one to talk to about vouchers for our cancelled flight. Also I never received an email update about my upgrade request contrary to the email I received saying that I would get an update. I would not fly again on Lufthansa." Pros: "Everything! By far the best flight that I have ever been on!" Cons: "All was fine. No complaints!" Pros: "The plane was cleaner that most other ones and the seating configuration made it easy to get comfortable during the flight." Cons: "The flight was delayed with no explanation or announcement as to why. The flight attendants only passed the beverage cart or served water when serving the meals during the 9-hour flight. At no other time did they check to see if the passengers wanted a beverage." Pros: "The crew was competent and friendly. Once we missed our connection, the "help desk" was accommodating, though we had to stand in line for a long, long time before they could help us." Cons: "We were delayed leaving Munich and the pilot simply said he had no explanation. The delay, combined with massive dysfunction at the Newark airport, caused us to miss our connection to RDU. We ended up in an airport hotel where we caught four hours' sleep before returning to the airport. Newark airport is the worst I've ever experienced. Getting our passports stamped took more than an hour. There were five officials there to clear five or six hundred U.S. passport holders. Then, the TSA people were rude, inefficient, and achingly slow. Overall, it was a horrible experience." Pros: "One of the crew members, a male, was very nice." Cons: "•We boarded and consequently landed late, which caused my cousin to miss his connecting flight, coupled with the long customs process upon landing. There was no accommodation given to my cousin so I have to take him back home with me and then drive 2 hours tomorrow morning to bring him back for his new flight. •The charger ports for our seats were not working, which means we were 8 hours + without a phone. •One female flight attendant had a bad attitude and dropped pretzels in my lap after I turned to quickly ask my cousin a question regarding what drink he wanted. •The plane landing was one of the most reckless I’d ever witnessed." Pros: "I liked having the option to upgrade to a Premium Economy seat for this long flight. It made a big difference in my comfort during the flight." Pros: "The crew was good and boarding was super efficient" Cons: "No entertain on the plane. Since when YTZ offered no more complimentary drinks and some snack?" Cons: "The 4pm flight not leaving at 10pm. Or at least being informed that the flight was gonna be delayed before 3 pm" Pros: "Amy was outstanding, she provided excellent service." Cons: "I wasn’t notified that the basic fare didn’t include carry-on baggage. It was disappointing having to pay for checked baggage without notification." Pros: "I felt like I was taken advantage of by porter airlines" Cons: "They didn’t tell me I had to pay 110$ to bring on carry on luggage! Unacceptable. I will never fly porter again." Cons: "Our checked in bags did not come out on the carousel, instead they had been sitting on the ground beside another carousel - with no notification. There was a handful of us waiting 30+ mins for our bags and no one around to assist." Pros: "I needed to use wheelchair service and was greeted by name as I boarded the plane. The flight attendant Barry then came and told me if there was anything he could do for me during the flight just to let him know. After the flight was over Barry asked me to wait till everyone deplaned so He could make sure my wheelchair was there and then carried my bag to them. Porter airlines is top notch. I will use them again next time I go to visit my daughter." Cons: "Original flight cancelled. Missed connection in Toronto. Rebooked flight was delayed departing Ottawa. Layover of 2 hours in Toronto. Flight to Windsor delayed as arrival from Montreal was late. 7:30 pm departure now delayed to 8:15 pm departure. I could have drived Ottawa to Windsor in same amount of time. Total waste of money! Still waiting at lounge in Billy Bishop Airport as I write this. And the weather was perfect today! What’s going on?" Pros: "The flight was on time - for once." Cons: "Nothing to not like. No food or entertainment to rate." Pros: "The crew was very courteous! No one bumped my arms!" Cons: "They didn’t let us know why our flight was one hour late," Pros: "My flight was delayed due to bad weather but they offered complimentary drink service at the airport and I really appreciated it. I would like to fly with Porter Airlines again." Everything was great, staff, planes, at the gate. All around everything was a pleasure flying . I COULD NOT GET ON THE FLIGHT BECAUSE THE AIR CANADA CHECK-IN STAFF COULD NOT CHECK ME IN NEITHER COULD THEY DIRECT ME TO THE ALTERNATIVE CHECK-IN AIRLINE I DIDN'T FLY AND HAD TO REBOOK ANOTHER AIRLINE, PORTER FOR THE FOLLOWING DAY. I NEED MY REFUND FOR THE RETURN LEG Cons: "Problems with the emergency lightning caused the flight to depart two hours late" Cons: "There was no coffee or tea available on the flight" Pros: "The boarding was good and effective, Entertainment was good." Cons: "The crew did not pay attention to my requests for beverages and forgot to bring me what I have asked." Pros: "We got there without crashing." Cons: "Checking in and luggage drop off was chaos. One useless staff person failed to tell people where to line up to drop bags off until the end. She just stood there and if you asked a question she gave you the wrong answer. In Newerk we had to wait 2 hours for our bags. The man st the AC office had no idea why the bags were not coming and could not get someone to tell him and emotionally dithered and then fell apart. I will avoid travelling on AC again if I can. Worst flight ever. They did not have enough food on board either. At least the pilots were competent." Pros: "Got to Newark fast luggage was off plane very quickly" Cons: "Older plane no body at gate to drive jetway gaving us sit out on tarmac" Pros: "Got there with minimal delays" Cons: "Inattentive staff, broken tray table, seats not cleaned between flight ( covered in food crumbs), small seats" Pros: "Boarding was excellent, most of the staff except one was excellent. The flight was smooth. Got hooked on a new series that I started watching on the plane." Cons: "The wait time between flights on the way home was brutal but you expect that if you are flying on points. What made it worse was that I had to leave the secure area and collect my bags then wait 8 hours in the airport only to go through security again. On top of that trying to get my baggage tag there was a female agent that should have retired 100 years ago directing people like it was our fault she still had to work. If you can't be nice you should not be in customer service." Pros: "Staff were incredibly kind, courteous, and knowledgeable. I need wheelchair assistance and they handled that beautifully, asking thoughtful questions about my needs and adapting their plans to my answers. They also helped me with stowing my carry-on since I would have struggled alone." Cons: "Unfortunately, through no fault of the flight crew or gate crew, we got one of the few remaining planes in the fleet that are so old that they can't fit a full carry-on bag in the overhead bins or under the seats. Larger carry-on items had to be checked through to final destination, which made a lot of passengers upset -- either because they were business people who needed to be able to work on the flight, or they had important baby gear in there that they would need before that, or they were traveling far away using multiple airlines and were rightly worried about lost luggage." Was my best trip. Everything was on time and it all went so smoothly.. Pros: "Great crew made the trip pleasant." Cons: "Aircraft had no WiFi, broken tray table and was pretty worn." Pros: "Got home without delays. As satisfactory as possible in economy class." Cons: "Much better flight back than going to switzerland" Pros: "That goodness it was a short flight. Seats are small." Pros: "Boarded the aircraft on a very cold January day. The cabin was not heated at all until the engines were started 25 minutes after boarding. Small kids were crying as they were so cold. Easily the most uncomfortable boarding ever. Where’s the heat!!! Money that tight!!!" Cons: "Lack of heat made the boarding brutally uncomfortable." Cons: "Heading from BWI to Newark to Boston on 9/29 on United. There were delays at Newark airport which lasted about an hour, and meant that we would be super tight getting in for our connecting flight. We had been told ahead of the departure of the delayed flight that there would be someone on the ground at Newark monitoring the delayed connecting flights, in case a flight needed to be held. Well, we actually landed about 15 minutes before our connecting flight was due to take off. However, we quickly found out that not only were the gates closed early, but the flight tracker was showing the flight had actually left early. There was clearly no communication between on the ground crews, and everyone working at the airport once we landed seemed confused about the situation. By the time we got within eyeshot of our gate, the gate agents were telling us that the Boston flight was already closed. This meant that no one was even monitoring the situation for us, and that they made no effort to hold the plane for the five of us who were supposed to be on that flight. Additionally, that was the last flight to Boston from Newark, so they literally didn't give one iota of care for our situation. I had a 10am wedding to attend that next day, and even after telling the agent this information she still asked me whether I wanted to get on a 10:38am flight to Boston, which made exactly zero sense. After all of this, she ended up getting me on a flight into manchester (that flight had been delayed for 3 hours by this time, and was delayed again after I was booked on it) which landed at 1:24am, a full two hours and some change after I would have landed in Boston, and a full hour away from Boston. Luckily, my boyfriend had his car and was able to pick me up. I finally got to Boston around 2:45am. My suggestion to the airport crews is to actually communicate when you have issues like this. It wasn't our fault, but we were greatly inconvenienced and they did not make an effort to prevent the situation at all. Adding to this, our pilot for that first flight told us that the reason for the first delay was that Newark was congested with too many flights into and out of the airport. THAT is entirely their fault for not being able to properly gauge their own capacity and should not have ended up inconveniencing passengers! I end all this with an additional inconvenience- when I arrived for my flight on Sunday at 4:40am for a 5:55am flight back to DC, I was told that my return flight had been CANCELED. Somehow, in rebooking me on the flight to Manchester. So I had to spend 30 minutes on the phone with United to get that fixed at 5 in the morning and nearly missed my return flight due to crew incompetence as well." Cons: "The flight was canceled because of the weather and then I have to wait more hours in the airport for the next flight.." Pros: "Boarding was easy. Lounge in Santo Domingo was very nice. Fair price for ticket." Cons: "Upgraded to business class for flight home. I had aisle seat last row. Cart left in aisle to keep cabin class from constantly using the bathroom by the cockpit. But they kept coming just pushing the cart aside and rubbing their butts on my arms and shoulders to squeeze by. I understand why they did it. Many times their was a long line and people bothering the guests in business class. I eventually complained and the cart was removed. The attendants really tried hard to minimize the traffic through that section. But to little success." Cons: "The flight was delayed by 2 hours causing me to miss my connecting flight to Indianapolis. Went to the service desk to re-book, and nothing could be done to get me out in time. Customer service was not great. I was flying to see my daughter graduate, and the only time they could get me out was when the graduation started. No hotel vouchers were given for the delay either, so the airport bench ended up being the bed. So I ended up being stranded in Newark for an additional 8 hours to just miss her graduation." Cons: "The flight was very warm, I paid $300 for a one way and was assigned a seat in the very last row that did not recline next to bathroom which was smelly. The air just wasn't fresh and made it difficult to rest l. No entertainment provided" Delta7.9 Lufthansa7.8 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Ottawa to Newark Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Ottawa to Newark found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 24/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYOW-EWR C$ 112 Search 13/12Wed directAir Canada 1h 53mYOW-EWR C$ 114 Search 20/12Wed directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYOW-EWR C$ 115 Search 18/12Mon directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYOW-EWR C$ 116 Search 13/12Wed 1 stopAir Canada 4h 30mYOW-EWR C$ 119 Search 24/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYOW-EWR C$ 120 Search 24/12Sun 1 stopAir Canada 4h 24mYOW-EWR C$ 121 Search 16/12Sat directAir Canada 1h 32mYOW-EWR C$ 122 Search 21/12Thu directLufthansa 2h 03mYOW-EWR C$ 143 Search 16/12Sat 2 stopsDelta 10h 05mYOW-EWR C$ 288 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaLufthansaDelta Search by priceC$ 110 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 120 or lessC$ 290 or less Last minute flights from Ottawa to Newark Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Ottawa to Newark that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 5h 15mYOW-EWR 12/12Tue directPorter Airlines 1h 45mEWR-YOW C$ 220 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopPorter Airlines 4h 35mYOW-EWR 13/12Wed directPorter Airlines 1h 45mEWR-YOW C$ 240 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 1h 32mYOW-EWR 13/12Wed directAir Canada 1h 29mEWR-YOW C$ 303 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 1h 53mYOW-EWR 16/12Sat directAir Canada 1h 29mEWR-YOW C$ 309 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 1h 45mYOW-EWR 15/12Fri multi-stopAir Canada 4h 15mEWR-YOW C$ 314 Search 3/12Sun directPorter Airlines 1h 30mYOW-EWR 8/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 40mEWR-YOW C$ 331 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopPorter Airlines 4h 15mYOW-EWR 8/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 40mEWR-YOW C$ 336 Search 2/12Sat multi-stop 11h 35mYOW-EWR 4/12Mon multi-stop 18h 06mEWR-YOW C$ 347 Search 2/12Sat multi-stop 28h 17mYOW-EWR 5/12Tue multi-stop 23h 46mEWR-YOW C$ 354 Search 1/12Fri directUnited Airlines 1h 53mYOW-EWR 1/12Fri directUnited Airlines 1h 31mEWR-YOW C$ 543 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir CanadaUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 240 or lessC$ 310 or lessC$ 330 or lessC$ 350 or lessC$ 540 or less Ottawa - Newark Liberty Airport Flights Departure: Ottawa (YOW)Canada Destination: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Return flight deals: Newark Liberty Airport - Ottawa Cabin classes: C$ 1,631 First Class flights to Newark C$ 835 Business Class flights to Newark C$ 675 Prem Econ Class flights to Newark C$ 292 Economy Class flights to Newark Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Ottawa C$ 219Flights from Ottawa to Newark Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport C$ 219Flights to Newark Airport, Newark Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Halifax Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Victoria Flights to Kelowna Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Newark Liberty Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Newark Liberty Airport from Ottawa. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Newark Liberty Airport from Ottawa. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.