Cheap Flights from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle from C$ 384 | (YUL - CDG) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YUL - CDG Find cheap flights from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from C$ 384 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 9/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Montreal to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from Montreal to Charles de Gaulle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Montreal to Charles de Gaulle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:00 p.m. - 5:50 a.m.YUL-CDG 6h 50mdirect 9:10 p.m. - 5:05 p.m.CDG-YUL 25h 55m2 stops C$ 428Air France Find Deal Mon, 12 Feb - Sun, 18 Feb 7:05 p.m. - 8:05 a.m.YUL-CDG 7h 00mdirect 7:55 a.m. - 5:05 p.m.CDG-YUL 15h 10m2 stops C$ 429Air France Find Deal Sat, 20 Jan - Fri, 26 Jan 8:20 p.m. - 9:20 a.m.YUL-CDG 7h 00mdirect 11:05 a.m. - 12:55 p.m.CDG-YUL 7h 50mdirect C$ 431Air Transat Find Deal Sun, 14 Jan - Tue, 23 Jan 8:20 p.m. - 9:20 a.m.YUL-CDG 7h 00mdirect 11:05 a.m. - 12:55 p.m.CDG-YUL 7h 50mdirect C$ 432Air Transat Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Mon, 22 Jan 9:25 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YUL-CDG 6h 55mdirect 12:00 p.m. - 6:20 p.m.CDG-YUL 12h 20m1 stop C$ 438Lufthansa Find Deal Sat, 20 Jan - Sat, 27 Jan 9:25 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YUL-CDG 6h 55mdirect 12:00 p.m. - 6:20 p.m.CDG-YUL 12h 20m1 stop C$ 439Lufthansa Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 9:25 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YUL-CDG 6h 55mdirect 7:25 a.m. - 3:10 p.m.CDG-YUL 13h 45m1 stop C$ 441Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 6 Feb - Sun, 18 Feb 5:00 p.m. - 5:50 a.m.YUL-CDG 6h 50mdirect 10:50 a.m. - 12:35 p.m.CDG-YUL 7h 45mdirect C$ 446Delta Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 7:05 p.m. - 8:05 a.m.YUL-CDG 7h 00mdirect 9:05 a.m. - 5:05 p.m.CDG-YUL 14h 00m1 stop C$ 452Delta Find Deal Sat, 10 Feb - Fri, 1 Mar 9:25 p.m. - 10:20 a.m.YUL-CDG 6h 55mdirect 9:30 a.m. - 11:30 a.m.CDG-YUL 8h 00mdirect C$ 519Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 28 Feb - Sun, 3 Mar Show more results Flights from Montreal to Charles de Gaulle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Montreal to Charles de Gaulle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is November, where tickets cost C$ 850 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 1,375 and C$ 1,256 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 55 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport were found on Air France (C$ 581) and Air Transat (C$ 585). Air Transat proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 426. Which airlines fly most frequently between Montreal and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Air France connects Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport with up to 2 flights per day. Air Transat also offers 2 flights per day, while Air Canada follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly direct between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly direct from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. They are: Air Canada, Air France and Air Transat. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Air Transat at C$ 708. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air Transat. How many flights are there between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 8 nonstop flights that take off from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and land in Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, with an average flight time of 6h 56m. The most common departure time is 8:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 42 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 19% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport take? Direct flights take on average 6h 50m to travel the 8,885 km between Montreal and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport at 5:00 pm and will be landing in Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport at 5:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport jets off at 10:30 pm and lands at 11:25 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight C$ 384 Best time to beat the crowds (13% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (25% more expensive on average) Flight from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from Montreal to Charles de Gaulle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Montreal to Charles de Gaulle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flights Can I fly direct from Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Charles de Gaulle Airport? Yes, several direct flights are scheduled from Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport (YUL) in Montreal to Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) in Paris. Airlines offering these direct flights include Air Canada, Delta, Air France, Brussels Airlines and Air Transat. Although direct flights are faster and often less expensive on average than flights with one or more stops, it may be easier to find a one-stop flight that fits your schedule. Can I use public transportation to get from downtown Montreal to Pierre Elliott Trudeau Airport? A convenient way to reach Montreal-Trudeau Airport using public transportation is to take the 747 Express Bus from the Berri-UQAM metro station. Depending on local traffic conditions, this ride takes about 45 to 70min, and a one-day unlimited pass for Montreal’s bus and metro transit system costs around C$ 10. Travellers can also take the VIA Rail from Montreal’s Central Station to the Dorval train station and then take the free VIA Rail shuttle to the airport. This trip takes about 40min (20min for the train ride plus 20min for the shuttle), and tickets start at around C$ 20. Are there any VIP lounges at Montreal-Trudeau Airport (YUL)? There are four VIP lounges available to international passengers at Montreal-Trudeau Airport. Passengers who have select airport lounge memberships can relax before their flights in one of the following lounges in the international jetty: the National Bank Lounge (for certain National Bank credit card holders), the Salon Odyssee Desjardins (for certain Odyssey card holders), the Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge, and the Air France KLM Lounge. Can I take a train from Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) to downtown Paris? The easiest way to get from CDG into Paris by train is via the regional RER B train lines. RER B tickets cost about €10 (C$ 15) for the 30min trip to the Gare du Nord station, and these trains depart from both the CDG1 train station near Terminal 3 and the CDG2 station in Terminal 2 (between the 2C, 2D, 2E and 2F sub-terminals). Which airports will I be using when flying from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? On your way to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, you’ll fly out from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl. You’ll be landing at Paris Charles de Gaulle. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Lufthansa, Air Canada, and Air France offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Montreal and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? There are direct flights from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Montreal to Paris, Delta or Lufthansa? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Montreal to Paris are Delta and Lufthansa. With an average price for the route of C$ 940 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Lufthansa is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 900 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Montreal is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport with an airline and back to Montreal with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Montreal to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Montreal up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Montreal to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 687 or less one-way and C$ 837 or less round-trip. Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport (YUL) is easy to navigate, with one main passenger terminal in the centre of three jetties. One of the jetties is for international flights, one is for US flights, and one is for domestic flights. International passengers arriving at Montreal-Trudeau (YUL) should enter the main terminal using entrances 1 to 6 on the departures level. Montreal-Trudeau has two playgrounds for young kids in the international jetty; they are near Gates 53 and 68. These areas are set up with games, colouring pages and other activities that allow kids to release some energy before a long flight. Each of the three terminals at Charles de Gaulle Airport (Terminals 1, 2 and 3) has gates for arrivals and departures. The terminals are connected by the CDGVAL, which is an automated people-mover train. Terminal 2 is the largest terminal, and it is divided into six interconnected sub-terminals (Terminals 2A – 2F) plus the satellite subterminal 2G, which is connected to the rest of Terminal 2 by the free N2 shuttle bus. Travellers can get to many cities in France from Charles de Gaulle Airport using the high-speed TGV trains, which depart from the train station under Terminal 2. Passengers arriving at Terminals 1 or 3 can get to the Terminal 2 station using the airport’s CDGVAL automated people-mover train. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Paris Charles de Gaulle? Find which airlines fly direct from Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Charles de Gaulle, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl to Paris Charles de Gaulle Search flights Monday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Paris Charles de Gaulle to Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Search flights Monday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aegean Airlines,Air Canada,Air France, +11 more Aegean Airlines,Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Montreal to Charles de Gaulle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Montreal to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Montreal to Charles de Gaulle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 79food 86crew 77entertainment 78comfort 82boarding 82overall Airline reviews Pros: "Swiss doesn't"t always have comfortable planes but this one was super comfortable"Read more about SWISS Pros: "Swiss doesn't"t always have comfortable planes but this one was super comfortable" Pros: "The plane was pretty cool. I like the fact that the overhead compartments had enough room. The staff was friendly, too. The piece of chocolate is very tasty." Cons: "Food on those airplanes is always bad. There were not enough chicken sandwiches and some passengers only were given cheese sandwiches." Pros: "Crew helped my parents with physical disabilities through the whole flight. Super grateful" Cons: "1.5 hour delay departing put a slight damper on this flight but otherwise it was fine." Pros: "On time! Courteous. Free meal! Even on flight less than 2 hours!" Cons: "All good!" Pros: "Swissair seating is cramped with 10 across in coach in Boeing 777. The only reason for not giving "poor" rating on this particular ZRH-SFO flight, was the empty seat next to me." Cons: "Next time, I will give Turkish Airlines a chance, because their aircraft seats only 9 across in Boeing 777 coach. On the SFO-BUD flight, the connection is through Istanbul, but the flight time is the same 15 hours, as on the SFO-ZRH-BUD route. In addition, two checked bags are free in coach." Cons: "I’m a small person & your seating is cramped & uncomfortable!" Pros: "Great cabin crew!" Cons: "While waiting to board SFO-ZRH flight Swissair personnel walked around and randomly pulled out passengers from line to check luggage dimensions. Since manufacturers adhere to airline baggage standards, no violations were found during checks. This misguided effort only resulted in publicly humiliating Swissair customers. Boarding process was pure pandemonium...this was the first time in recent memory, where all coach passengers were invited to board at the same time! Very inefficient! Crowded seating in coach,with ten passengers sandwiched in across Boeing 767 aircraft. Competing airlines flying identical aircraft have nine across seatings Thin seat cushions cause leg cramps after a few hours." Pros: "Staff was attentive and friendly. Food was great. Easy boarding." Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Good flight with Swiss friendliness. They even passed out food (sandwich) during this very short flight." Cons: "Nothing, really!" Cons: "Not enough room with the seats if someone reclines in front of you." Pros: "Zee was our flight attendant and she was absolutely wonderful. Personable, attentive, and she made sure each and every person on the plane was comfortable and happy, going so far as to move solo passengers to empty rows so they could have more space. I wish she could be on every flight I take." Cons: "Don't call it "food." the meals were terrible. Also stop creating so much single use plastic." Cons: "It was too cold on the feet during the night. The blanket was not enough. The food lacked good vegetables. The asparagus was too tough. If you wanted to avoid sugar, you could not eat breakfast." Pros: "It is good to be able to go straight to Paris without connecting." Cons: "Boarding was a bit slow." Cons: "Did not serve the food we asked Limited choice of movies" Pros: "The food was good The crew was fantastic, friendly and accommodating Flight was on time" Cons: "I was near the bathroom.. stank a bit" Pros: "The crew was awesome and helped out tremendously when anything was needed!" Cons: "Customs never to hire more agents to work in the early mornings." Pros: "Crew member Lori was exceptional. Great detail to safety and customer service!" The boarding was one of the worst I’ve ever experienced. The fault lays on Ohare Airport and not so much the airline. The waiting area by the gate was the size to accommodate a regional flight for 20-30 people and right next to a busy walkway. When you cramped nearly 300 passengers into that space is was unbearable. Pros: "The plane condition." Cons: "The flight attendants could have served some drinks in between the meals. They actually refused to serve something additionally when asked." Pros: "Due to business I travel allot so I deal with allot of airlines. This is by far the best airlines I have used. Excellent crew and airport staff. I don’t think words can express how satisfied I am with this airlines and airport. The nicest people and great service. Clean and modern aircraft. Going to try flying only with KLM from now on." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "The crew from Kili to DarEsSalam was tired. A fresh crew worked from DarEsSalam to AMS and they were great." Cons: "The boarding process was chaotic. The passengers in the first boarding group had to fight through the crowd because there were no boarding lanes." Pros: "The plane size & comfort was excellent. The staff were very friendly" Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Staff were professional and polite." Cons: "Despite zone boarding, boarding and disembarkation were very slow. Passengers like me with flight connections were very anxious regarding missing these." Pros: "Good amount of space on the plane, lots of movies to watch, good food and drink." Cons: "Head support for 6 feet plus people on seats would be good" Pros: "Crew was fantastic, seats and entertainment was great. Very good food choices." Cons: "Everything was very good." Cons: "We had 4 hour delay causing a stop over at 3am. So yeah" Cons: "Buses to and from the plane. One driver left us in a full bus waiting for 20 minutes. When we arrived in Vienna, there was no bus to pick us up. We had to wait in the plane until one showed up." Pros: "The staff were nice, the flight was on time. The meal was good." Cons: "There was no pillow on board and the flight was overnight." Pros: "I was able to get good seats, front of the plane. 3rd row for all my flights. pretty decent leg room" Cons: "flight was delayed, 2nd Austtian flight delayed in the same day" Cons: "Inside the plane everything was great and the floght atendants were very nice, however in check in I was teated very poorly" Cons: "small seats,no LCD for each one,food nor so good." Pros: "Excellent on all measures. I will definitely try to fly Austrian Air again!" Pros: "Very good drink service (one cold and one hot drink)" Cons: "I had a weelchair and nobody assist me in Viene in Austria" Cons: "As a gluten free person dinner delicious but after 5-6 next hours for breakfast I got few small slices of melon... like really?? This will not feed anyone! For next time I know that I have to bring my own food.. so bad! While servis time we ordered whisky with cola and after one hour we went to ask for one more cause we wanted and CA told us they dont serve anymore whisky only wine or beer. Besides this things when I came to plane my sit and table tray was dirty so we had to put blanket over... for the first time I write bad feedback but I have to cause it was terrible.." Pros: "Crew were amazing" Cons: "Delayed at boarding Delayed inside plane No entertainment No room for my long legs - no option" Please see other message. One flight was cancelled and neither Lufthansa or Air cañada would book me on another flight as they did not have me in their computer(with the numbers you assisted me with) HELP Pros: "Crew" Cons: "We were delayed thirty minutes due to slow service. Zero entertainment and only a brownie for a snack" Pros: "The crew were nice and the service very good. The layover was short." Cons: "Our luggage was lost so we had to go back to the airport the day after. In economy class the Last 3 central rows or even more, have no carryon storage. We were stuck with our carryons for over 7 hours during the flight Montreal Munich. This is the case if you fly their new A350-390." Pros: "Brand new very nice/comfortable planes. Great routes and flight departure/arrive times. Really great value." Cons: "They’re a budget airline so they nickel and dime you for food and beverage. They are not a member of “sky team” so if they have a flight delay or cancellation they will not book you on another airline." Pros: "Staff was great." Cons: "I missed a hot moist towel to refresh my face before I got off of the plane after an 8-hour flight." Cons: "The flight was delayed. There was a terrible backlog in Security at Frankfurt Airport. This is not Lufthansa's fault but considering how important Frankfurt is, you would think the airlines would say something. The flight was late. There were no proper queues for boarding. Everone was mixed up, business, gold card, economy, and only one person doing the chekcing of boarding passes. It was not the best process." Cons: "Our flight was 9 hours late. We were given no notice of this until we arrived at the gate. it took an hour if holding before we could reach customer service. Customer service at our arrival gate was extremely slow. Baggage claim closed before my daughter’s luggage was released and it was lost until the next day. Our connecting flight was booked incorrectly do we had to spend the night in Frankfurt. Our 13 hour flight took 29 hours. The food was awful." Pros: "The seats are comfortable and the plane was clean and well-presented." Cons: "The flight left with a slight delay. As I boarded, I was issued a new seat in the middle, as opposed to the window seat I had selected. There was zero explanation for this change. When I approached the flight attendants about it, with a smile on my end, I was offered the equivalent of a shrug. As I gave up, I was also informed there was no more room in the overhead bins, so not only did I end up sitting in the middle (which I loathe), but also with my carry-on under my feet. I’ve always been a fan of Lufthansa, but I’m a little disappointed this time around." Pros: "Good staff and food." Cons: "Flight was late and boarding was unorganized. When the person sitting in front of me moved their chair it hit my head and moved all my stuff, this should not happen. We should not feel our area moved because the person moved their seat in front of us." Cons: "You cancelled. Cost me lost lodging, missed connecting flights and a day of my trip." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 KLM7.8 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from Montreal to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Montreal to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 9/2Fri 1 stop 36h 50mYUL-CDG C$ 283 Search 5/2Mon 1 stop 34h 26mYUL-CDG C$ 294 Search 14/1Sun directAir Transat 7h 00mYUL-CDG C$ 314 Search 28/1Sun directAir Transat 7h 00mYUL-CDG C$ 317 Search 18/2Sun 2 stopsAir France 12h 45mYUL-CDG C$ 474 Search 9/1Tue directLufthansa 6h 55mYUL-CDG C$ 485 Search 12/2Mon 1 stopLufthansa 15h 15mYUL-CDG C$ 490 Search 28/12Thu directAir Canada 6h 55mYUL-CDG C$ 496 Search 31/12Sun 1 stopAir Canada 33h 15mYUL-CDG C$ 526 Search 8/12Fri directAir France 6h 55mYUL-CDG C$ 536 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir TransatAir FranceLufthansaAir Canada Search by priceC$ 290 or lessC$ 320 or lessC$ 490 or lessC$ 500 or lessC$ 540 or less Last minute flights from Montreal to Charles de Gaulle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Montreal to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon multi-stopLufthansa 15h 10mYUL-CDG 15/1Mon multi-stopLufthansa 15h 05mCDG-YUL C$ 458 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 20h 45mYUL-CDG 17/1Wed multi-stopLufthansa 14h 45mCDG-YUL C$ 505 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopSWISS 15h 05mYUL-CDG 25/1Thu multi-stopSWISS 30h 10mCDG-YUL C$ 510 Search 4/12Mon directAir Transat 7h 00mYUL-CDG 8/12Fri directAir Transat 7h 50mCDG-YUL C$ 552 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 20h 45mYUL-CDG 11/12Mon multi-stopLufthansa 18h 10mCDG-YUL C$ 561 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopSWISS 10h 10mYUL-CDG 27/1Sat multi-stopSWISS 13h 45mCDG-YUL C$ 564 Search 4/12Mon directAir Transat 7h 00mYUL-CDG 22/1Mon directAir Transat 7h 50mCDG-YUL C$ 578 Search 5/12Tue directAir France 7h 00mYUL-CDG 9/12Sat multi-stopAir France 28h 25mCDG-YUL C$ 686 Search 2/12Sat directAir Canada 7h 10mYUL-CDG 17/1Wed multi-stopAir Canada 14h 45mCDG-YUL C$ 807 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAir Canada 15h 10mYUL-CDG 11/12Mon multi-stopAir Canada 12h 33mCDG-YUL C$ 812 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLufthansaSWISSAir TransatAir FranceAir Canada Search by priceC$ 510 or lessC$ 550 or lessC$ 560 or lessC$ 690 or lessC$ 810 or less Montreal - Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Flights Departure: Montreal (YUL)Canada Destination: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)France Return flight deals: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport - Montreal Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris C$ 2,943 Business Class flights to Paris C$ 1,819 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris C$ 603 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 577Flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris » Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport C$ 577Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Moncton Flights to Victoria Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Montreal. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Montreal. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.