Cheap Flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York from $36 | (FLL - NYC) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW FLL - NYC Find cheap flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York from $36 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/19. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to New York These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Fort Lauderdale to New York. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Fort Lauderdale to New York. How much is the cheapest flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:10 am - 1:44 pmFLL-EWR 6h 34m1 stop 7:14 pm - 10:29 pmEWR-FLL 3h 15mnonstop $73Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 10 8:55 am - 11:57 amFLL-EWR 3h 02mnonstop 10:10 pm - 9:28 amEWR-FLL 11h 18m1 stop $75Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 11:28 am - 2:24 pmFLL-JFK 2h 56mnonstop 3:00 pm - 6:15 pmJFK-FLL 3h 15mnonstop $128Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Wed, Jan 24 2:12 pm - 12:25 amFLL-EWR 10h 13m1 stop 10:10 pm - 7:15 amEWR-FLL 9h 05m1 stop $129 Find Deal Wed, Dec 20 - Fri, Jan 5 6:35 am - 9:32 amFLL-JFK 2h 57mnonstop 9:05 am - 12:19 pmJFK-FLL 3h 14mnonstop $133JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Mon, Jan 15 5:27 pm - 8:30 pmFLL-JFK 3h 03mnonstop 1:00 pm - 4:08 pmJFK-FLL 3h 08mnonstop $138JetBlue Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Mon, Jan 15 11:28 am - 2:26 pmFLL-JFK 2h 58mnonstop 6:10 pm - 9:29 pmJFK-FLL 3h 19mnonstop $141Delta Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Thu, Feb 8 7:28 am - 12:19 pmFLL-LGA 4h 51m1 stop 10:53 am - 7:35 pmLGA-FLL 8h 42m1 stop $141 Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Fri, Jan 19 10:06 am - 3:29 pmFLL-JFK 5h 23m1 stop 2:50 pm - 8:36 pmJFK-FLL 5h 46m1 stop $154American Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Mon, Jan 15 2:52 pm - 7:59 pmFLL-JFK 5h 07m1 stop 7:20 pm - 12:23 amJFK-FLL 5h 03m1 stop $155American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 7 - Fri, Feb 9 Show more results Flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Fort Lauderdale to New York flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York cost $42 and was between Fort Lauderdale and Newark Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $84. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Fort Lauderdale to New York? The average price of all flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Fort Lauderdale to New York, look for departures on Wednesdays and avoid leaving on a Sunday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from New York, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly and Friday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Fort Lauderdale to New York? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York is May, where tickets cost $148 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $213 and $196 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 61 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Fort Lauderdale to New York found on KAYAK was with Spirit Airlines for $36. Spirit Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $73 and Delta from $128. Which airlines fly most frequently between Fort Lauderdale and New York? The airlines most regularly connecting Fort Lauderdale to New York are JetBlue (12 flights per day), Delta (9 flights per day), and Spirit Airlines (8 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Fort Lauderdale and New York? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Fort Lauderdale to New York. They are: Delta, JetBlue, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $61 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Fort Lauderdale and New York per day? Each day, there are between 31 and 44 nonstop flights that take off from Fort Lauderdale and land in New York, with an average flight time of 3h 00m. The most common departure time is 3:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Newark Airport. Each week, there are 253 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Fort Lauderdale and New York? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York take? The duration of a nonstop flight to New York from Fort Lauderdale is typically 2h 53m. The journey crosses a distance of 1,073 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Fort Lauderdale to New York? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Fort Lauderdale at 6:00 am and will be landing in New York at 8:51 am. What’s the latest departure time from Fort Lauderdale to New York? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York jets off at 9:57 pm and lands at 1:01 am. Good to know Low season February High season December Cheapest flight $36 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 0% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 19% increase in price. Flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York LaGuardia Airport When to book flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Fort Lauderdale to New York based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York What are the interterminal transfer options at John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK)? JFK boasts 130 gates within its five terminals. Terminal transfer services are furnished by an automated people mover, the AirTrain, and a trip takes roughly eight minutes. Moreover, the AirTrain connects the terminals to Lefferts Boulevard and the car rental center at Federal Circle. You can catch the AirTrain after the baggage claim at each terminal. Where are the car rental facilities at Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR)? If you want to explore New York in a rental car, consider procuring one at EWR. Car rental suppliers like Budget, Hertz, and Alamo have rental kiosks at station P3. These stations are connected to the terminals via EWR’s AirTrain. Shuttle buses serving the AirTrain Station are on level 3, Terminal A, and level 2 in Terminals B and C. Does LaGuardia Airport (LGA) provide adapted facilities for passengers with restricted mobility? Yes. LGA has embraced accessible amenities to ensure those with restricted mobility have a seamless travel experience. Travelers with hidden disabilities are provided with sunflower lanyards to ensure that airport personnel are aware they may require a helping hand. Airport shuttle buses, restrooms, parking spaces, and water fountains are all wheelchair-accessible. What are the eco-friendliest airlines serving flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York? On average, 2,277 lbs. of carbon are released per person on flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York, with direct flights being more sustainable than those with stops. The eco-friendliest airlines on this route are United Airlines, American Airlines, and Spirit Airlines, which release 48%, 47%, and 46% less carbon, respectively. Does the airport in Fort Lauderdale provide an animal therapy program for stressed passengers? FLL is aware that air travel is stressful. FLL brings trained therapy dogs to the airline hub to interact with passengers via their FLL AmbassaDogs program. The therapy dogs and their handlers roam the terminals looking to cheer stressed travelers awaiting their flights. All passengers are encouraged to hug and pet these dogs. Are there any hotels near Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL)? If your flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York leaves early in the morning, consider making hotel reservations near the airline hub for a hassle-free trip. Candlewood Suites Ft. Lauderdale Airport/Cruise, Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ft. Lauderdale Airport/Cruise, and Hampton Inn Ft. Lauderdale Airport North Cruise Port are nearby, and they provide airport shuttle services as well. Are there any pet relief areas in Newark Liberty International Airport? If you’re traveling with either a pet or service animal, make sure to visit one of the several pet relief areas that are located in Newark Liberty International Airport. 3 of these areas are located pre-security near the airport’s check-in area, while 5 additional areas are spread throughout the different terminals. Is there anywhere where I can store my luggage at John F. Kennedy International Airport? If you would like to store some of your luggage upon arrival at John F. Kennedy International Airport, pay a visit to the baggage storage desk that is located in the Arrivals terminal. This desk is open during standard business hours and offers both daily and hourly rates. Does Fort Lauderdale–Hollywood International Airport offer any services for business travelers? Booking a flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York for business? Make sure to stop at Fort Lauderdale–Hollywood International Airport’s business center that is located in the Departures terminal. This center is open from 8 am to 5 pm and has high-speed Internet, copying services, and plenty of quiet areas where guests can work. Are there any on-site airport hotels at LaGuardia Airport? LaGuardia Airport currently has two hotels that are conveniently located within a 5-minute drive of its Arrivals terminal. The Airway Inn is a casual choice that is directly adjacent to the airport, while the Comfort Inn and Suites is budget-friendly and only a 3-minute drive away. Do I need a passport to fly between Fort Lauderdale and New York? No Which airports will I be using when flying from Fort Lauderdale to New York? On your way to New York, you’ll fly out from Fort Lauderdale. You’ll be landing in one of New York’s 3 airports: Newark, New York John F Kennedy Intl, or New York LaGuardia. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Fort Lauderdale to New York? JetBlue, American Airlines, Delta, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Fort Lauderdale to New York flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Fort Lauderdale to New York? The Airbus A321 (sharklets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Fort Lauderdale to New York flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York? SkyTeam, oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Fort Lauderdale and New York, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Fort Lauderdale to New York? There are nonstop flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $203 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $218 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Fort Lauderdale to New York? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to New York from Fort Lauderdale is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to New York with an airline and back to Fort Lauderdale with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to New York from Fort Lauderdale up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $87 or less one-way and $118 or less round-trip. Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) is a pet-friendly airport. The airport boasts 10 relief spots including at Terminal 2’s Concourse D, Terminal 3’s Concourse F, and Terminal 4’s Concourse G. Be sure to contact your carrier for fares and specific policies for traveling with pets before your trip. If you want to unwind in a serene space as you await your flight to New York, consider retreating to the Delta Sky Club in airside Terminal 2 or the United Club adjacent to Gate C1, Terminal 1. You can easily get to FLL from the city center via bus or taxi. Buses by Miami-Dade Transit run via bus line 150 from the city center to the terminals. Yellow Cab Broward and Intercity Taxi provide taxis. Hoping to book flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York? If so, think about where you would like to stay in the city. While John F. Kennedy International Airport and Newark Liberty International Airport are convenient choices for travelers that will be staying in Manhattan, LaGuardia Airport is closer to Long Island. Planning on traveling through Fort Lauderdale–Hollywood International Airport with a baby? Make sure to download the Mamava app, as this will allow you to book a private lactation and baby changing suite in your terminal. Each of these stations contains a changing table, two benches, and outlets, making them a comfortable and private area to attend to your baby’s needs. If you would like your flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York to be direct, consider booking your ticket with United Airlines. United Airlines is known for having a high concentration of flights between Fort Lauderdale–Hollywood International Airport and Newark Liberty International Airport, and they have private lounges located at both of these locations. Interested in using public transportation to travel between the airport and New York’s city center? Consider taking either the local bus or subway system. John F. Kennedy International Airport, Newark Liberty International Airport, and LaGuardia Airport all have buses that can take you to downtown New York, and they are within an easy traveling distance of several major subway lines. For those that would like to grab a bite to eat before their flight takes off from Fort Lauderdale, make sure to visit one of the many dining options located in Fort Lauderdale–Hollywood International Airport. La Familia Tacos & Tequila is located in Concourse A of Terminal 1 and serves a variety of Mexican dishes, while Miami Grill is located in Concourse D of Terminal 2 and offers many local meals. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Fort Lauderdale to New York? Find which airlines fly direct from Fort Lauderdale to New York, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Fort Lauderdale to New York Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +21 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +22 more 20 21 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Air Serbia, +21 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +22 more 20 21 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +21 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +22 more 20 21 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air France, Air Serbia, +21 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +22 more 20 21 Friday Aer Lingus, Air France, Air Serbia, +20 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +21 more 19 20 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +20 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +21 more 19 20 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air France, Air Serbia, +21 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +22 more 20 21 See more direct flights Nonstop returns New York to Fort Lauderdale Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +20 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +21 more 19 20 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Air Serbia, +21 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +22 more 20 21 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +19 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +20 more 18 19 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air France, Air Serbia, +20 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +21 more 19 20 Friday Aer Lingus, Air France, Air Serbia, +21 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +22 more 20 21 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air France, Azul, +18 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air France, Air Serbia, +20 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +21 more 19 20 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Fort Lauderdale to New York See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Fort Lauderdale to New York. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Fort Lauderdale to New York? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 84comfort 87boarding 90crew 78food 80entertainment 86overall Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was amazing boarding process was ok." Cons: "Seats could be more comfortable and cleanliness of the plan could be better." Pros: "Crew was amazing boarding process was ok." Cons: "Seats could be more comfortable and cleanliness of the plan could be better." Pros: "Flight attendants were welcoming and VERY accommodating. They were super nice and made me feel comfortable. I have a spinal injury (also a bigger person) and I got an extra seat to be more comfortable. They made sure the seat was available for me before I boarded. it Was a refreshing experience." Cons: "It was wonderful. No complaints" Cons: "Courteous service is there. I do not think of anything better." Pros: "The flight was great no complaints definitely a great first impression!!!" Cons: "Nothing on our flight could've been better" Pros: "I was really comfortable and pleased with the amenities. Free WiFi chat and movies." Cons: "Nothing! I’ll be choosing Southwest as my primary airline now." Pros: "Service and flight went very smoothly. Comfortable with no problems." Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "Gate crew was efficient and kept the boarding process orderly. Plane crew was friendly and helpful. WiFi worked well. Weather cooperated and flight time was shorter than expected." Cons: "No decaf diet soda." Cons: "On flight WiFi didn’t work. It was a minor inconvenience." Pros: "EVERYTHING including FREE bags AND NO charge to change flights" Pros: "SWA excellent and as efficient as usual they never disappoint me always look forward to flying with them." Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "The inflight system was hard to use. The rented iPads had to be given back almost an hour before the end of the flight." Pros: "Andrew and James the flight attendants were fantastic. The flight crew was great. Very smooth flight." Pros: "Cool to get bonus points for the trip" Cons: "Would have been nice if flight attendants walked the aisle regularly during the red eye flight, I was very thirsty and in a window seat with 2 sleeping people..." Pros: "Everything was superb! The airline I prefer did a great job! The seats, the food selections, the staff - everything!" Cons: "Nothing. Everything was just perfect!" Pros: "The plane was clean and the ticket was cheap." Cons: "Boarding process was needlessly complicated — just assign everybody a seat beforehand. Gate agents were rude. Seats are very uncomfortable and it’s difficult to sleep on red eyes. It should be prohibited to fly 737s cross-country." Cons: "They shouldn’t charge for snacks and offer some form of entertainment in an almost 6 hr flight." Pros: "The crew was very happy and welcoming." Cons: "We were late and I missed my flight. I was told Flt 452 from LAX to JFK is notoriously late. Also, there could have been more updates about our delayed arrival." Pros: "I just really like the customer experience with Alaska. I dislike flying, but Alaska makes things as painless as possible." Cons: "I don't think anything could've been better, it's not possible to be comfortable in coach, but we all already know that." Pros: "Comfortable seats and smooth red-eye transcontinental flight." Cons: "If there weren't a 15-minute delay due to maintenance." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Should have let me cancel, or gave me credit for another flight, my schedule changers and I asked 2 months in advance, they could care less" Cons: "The TVs and WiFi weren’t working. That’s why i fly Jet Blue. Also the flight was very crowded." Pros: "Nice staff, decent snacks" Cons: "Flight from JFK delayed over an hour before boarding and then delayed on the runway for 45+ min" Pros: "Tv control broken with wires coming out of the arm rest in all seats of the same row." Pros: "Complimentary snacks and drinks." Cons: "Broken seat back, broken tray table, audio input didn't work." Pros: "Plane crew was excellent!" Cons: "Waiting area at FLL could have been better. It was very disorganized to board the flight. Counter staff were two African American staff being rude to passengers." Pros: "Entertainment and flight crew were pleasant" Cons: "I got sick after the flight and I have been sick all week costing me business opportunities. I wouldn’t fly on JetBlue to get sick." Pros: "Ability to rebook missed connection by chat while still flying." Cons: "Just about everything. Information about ongoing delays was never provided. Boarded with no PA announcements. After over two hour delay had to go back to another gate to get deadheading crew member which was ridiculous. After get back to gate had to get more fuel because we went back." Cons: "The Gate & the boarding process, The Landing was with enormous ears pressure" Cons: "Arrived in NYC and Jet Blue lost my luggage! I am here for a week’s work and have nothing but a pair o jeans and a shirt." Cons: "Entertainment System wasn’t working properly. Movies were down as were many of the channels. Although a disappointment, JetBlue is still amazing!" Fix the technical issues before departing the airport. We had no entertainment and inflight wi-fi due to technical problem. Imagine up in the air for almost 6 hrs on a cage!! Cons: "Boarding announcements were hardly audible. We chose comfort seats for extra payment but that still did not turn out to be comfort class. Seat classes are confusing. No temperature was taken before boarding." Pros: "The crew was very friendly and it was a day fast flight." Cons: "No back of seat entertainment." Cons: "Turn on the lights before landing graduallyb- noone likes bright fast - too nasty;" Cons: "Flight delayed 3 hours, then a seats were very cramped and uncomfortable" Pros: "Crew did the best they could keeping us aware of the extensive delays flying in to LaGuardia. The captain made himself available to answer questions from passengers at the gate early on and I thought that was a great gesture." Cons: "Nothing could have been better. Any issues with the flight were delays beyond the crew's control." Cons: "The boarding process was awful. The gate agent was extremely rude - was shocked she was representing Delta. There was police on board arresting two passengers and crew was not saying anything." Pros: "Entertainment was great , also being able to watch live tv. Cabin crew were good" Cons: "Be on time , delayed for an hour" Pros: "There was an incredibly large passenger next to me and I was essentially afforded only a quarter of my seat. It is not really fair for anyone to have to sit next to someone taking up twice their seat." Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Pros: "It didn’t smell bad" Cons: "It was way too cold and my seat was broken so it didn’t recline" Pros: "Boarding was a breeze. The staff was friendly and fast. The seats were comfortable (although, I am 5’2”)." Cons: "I can’t complain this time around!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I was not informed about the delay, no on board entertainment, missed work due to delay and landed 2 hours late!" Cons: "There were not enough agents at the airport to check us in. The lines were long and passengers became surly." Cons: "Many things. Did not tell me that even carry on was a 25.00 charge. After check in, counter woman at Sun County sent me to a security station on a far side of airport that was closed. Plane delayed. Plane bathroom issues" Cons: "no complimentary snacks provided. it was a three hour trip" Pros: "Nice Staff" Cons: "They charge for everything the planes are a bit outdated, boarding is backwards they load middle bank then front very weird." Pros: "The crew was friendly and boarding was quick, seats were comfortable and plane was clean" Cons: "No snacks included, bags of pop chips was $3. No entertainment on the plane (I ended up just sleeping anyway). They didn't have space for everyone's carry on and asked for volunteers to check their bags but didn't enforce any rules for people who had 3+ carry on items" Pros: "4 1/2 hour late boarding! Missed my connecting flight and was stuck!" Cons: "Had a 4 1/2 hour delay from Minneapolis to NY city. Which of course cause me to miss my flight to Europe. There was no attempt to find another flight that would get me there in time. By the time I got to NY it was close to Midnight, and the only hotel available was 40 mins away from the airport at an additional cost of $270 for the room and uber rides. No compensation even offered or provided for extra expenses they caused by us leaving so late. Thank you Sun Country for starting my vacation off so well." Pros: "Flight was on time and I had a seat. I got to my destination safely and had a restroom available and food for purchase. It's exactly what I signed up for." Cons: "Seat space was smaller than most airlines when the person in front of me reclined." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 Book cheap flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Fort Lauderdale to New York found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/19Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 11h 55mFLL-LGA $36 Search 12/19Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 11h 42mFLL-EWR $36 Search 3/12Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 59mFLL-EWR $64 Search 1/30Tue nonstopDelta 2h 57mFLL-LGA $64 Search 1/30Tue nonstopDelta 2h 53mFLL-JFK $64 Search 1/22Mon 1 stopFrontier 13h 25mFLL-LGA $66 Search 1/14Sun nonstopJetBlue 2h 57mFLL-JFK $69 Search 12/5Tue 2 stopsFrontier 32h 44mFLL-LGA $100 Search 2/3Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 32mFLL-LGA $129 Search 12/28Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 02mFLL-EWR $134 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueDeltaFrontierUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$60 or less$70 or less$100 or less$130 or less Last minute flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 02mFLL-LGA 1/10Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 49mLGA-FLL $93 Search 12/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 00mFLL-LGA 1/10Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 15mLGA-FLL $97 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 2h 55mFLL-LGA 1/30Tue nonstopDelta 3h 12mLGA-FLL $150 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 2h 52mFLL-JFK 1/31Wed nonstopDelta 3h 09mJFK-FLL $150 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 46mFLL-JFK 12/9Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 51mJFK-FLL $193 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 03mFLL-EWR 12/7Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 00mEWR-FLL $225 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 49mFLL-EWR 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 46mEWR-FLL $236 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 55mFLL-JFK 12/9Sat nonstopJetBlue 3h 05mJFK-FLL $245 Search 12/2Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 08mFLL-EWR 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 00mEWR-FLL $273 Search 12/1Fri nonstopJetBlue 2h 57mFLL-EWR 12/3Sun nonstopJetBlue 3h 06mEWR-FLL $283 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesJetBlue Search by price$100 or less$150 or less$230 or less$250 or less$280 or less Fort Lauderdale - New York Flights Departure: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: New York - Fort Lauderdale Cabin classes: $644 First Class flights to New York $328 Business Class flights to New York $303 Prem Econ Class flights to New York $84 Economy Class flights to New York Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale $70Flights from Fort Lauderdale to New York Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » New York State » New York $291Flights to New Windsor, New York $128Flights to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, New York $71Flights to New York LaGuardia Airport, New York $70Flights to Newark Airport, New York Compare transportation modes for Fort Lauderdale to New York Average price Average duration Flights $532 2h 56m Trains $262 27h 45m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Charlotte Flights to Burbank Flights to Nashville Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search New York flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to New York from Fort Lauderdale. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to New York from Fort Lauderdale. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.