Cheap Flights from Seattle to Las Vegas from $26 | (SEA - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SEA - LAS Find cheap flights from Seattle to Las Vegas from $26 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 3/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Seattle to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Seattle to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:24 pm - 7:59 pmSEA-LAS 2h 35mnonstop 6:15 pm - 9:10 pmLAS-SEA 2h 55mnonstop $36Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Wed, Jan 24 9:14 pm - 11:59 pmSEA-LAS 2h 45mnonstop 5:29 pm - 8:24 pmLAS-SEA 2h 55mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Sat, Feb 3 9:05 pm - 11:40 pmSEA-LAS 2h 35mnonstop 6:00 am - 8:52 amLAS-SEA 2h 52mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Mon, Feb 5 1:05 pm - 3:45 pmSEA-LAS 2h 40mnonstop 12:43 pm - 3:47 pmLAS-SEA 3h 04mnonstop $40Frontier Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Fri, Dec 15 1:05 pm - 3:45 pmSEA-LAS 2h 40mnonstop 7:07 am - 9:58 amLAS-SEA 2h 51mnonstop $41 Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sat, Dec 16 1:05 pm - 3:45 pmSEA-LAS 2h 40mnonstop 6:45 am - 9:47 amLAS-SEA 3h 02mnonstop $42Frontier Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Wed, Dec 20 8:10 pm - 10:43 pmSEA-LAS 2h 33mnonstop 6:00 am - 8:48 amLAS-SEA 2h 48mnonstop $139Delta Find Deal Tue, Dec 26 - Thu, Jan 4 8:10 pm - 10:43 pmSEA-LAS 2h 33mnonstop 6:00 am - 8:48 amLAS-SEA 2h 48mnonstop $146Delta Find Deal Tue, Dec 26 - Sun, Jan 7 9:30 pm - 11:59 pmSEA-LAS 2h 29mnonstop 7:00 am - 9:49 amLAS-SEA 2h 49mnonstop $158Alaska Airlines Find Deal Mon, Apr 8 - Thu, Apr 11 4:03 pm - 9:04 pmSEA-LAS 5h 01m1 stop 6:40 pm - 11:36 pmLAS-SEA 4h 56m1 stop $177Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 3 - Mon, Jan 8 Show more results Flights from Seattle to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Seattle to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Seattle to Las Vegas? The average price of all flights from Seattle to Las Vegas clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Las Vegas on a Tuesday and more expensive on a Friday. On your return trip to Seattle, you should consider flying back on a Wednesday, and avoid Mondays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Seattle to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Seattle to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Seattle to Las Vegas is January, where tickets cost $126 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are May and July, where the average cost of tickets is $208 and $199 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Seattle to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Seattle to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Seattle to Las Vegas, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 25 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Seattle to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Seattle to Las Vegas found on KAYAK was with Frontier for $26. Spirit Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $36 and Frontier from $38. Which airlines fly most frequently between Seattle and Las Vegas? Alaska Airlines connects Seattle to Las Vegas up to 5 flights per day, followed by Delta (4 flights per day), and Southwest (3 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Seattle and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Seattle to Las Vegas. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Seattle to Las Vegas. They are: Alaska Airlines, Delta, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $37 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Seattle and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 23 nonstop flights that take off from Seattle and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 2h 32m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 99 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 23% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Seattle and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Seattle to Las Vegas take? Direct flights cover the 866 miles separating Seattle to Las Vegas in about 2h 08m. What’s the earliest departure time from Seattle to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Seattle at 5:00 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 7:35 am. What’s the latest departure time from Seattle to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Seattle to Las Vegas jets off at 10:18 pm and lands at 12:57 am. Good to know Low season January High season April Cheapest flight $26 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 28% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 6% increase in price. Flight from Seattle to Las Vegas When to book flights from Seattle to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Seattle to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Seattle to Las Vegas How do I get to the Eiffel Tower from LAS? The Eiffel Tower in Las Vegas and Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS) lie approximately 2.9 miles apart. The most convenient way to get there is via a taxi, which takes about 10min. Still, if you’re new in town and don’t mind sightseeing as you head to this iconic landmark, you can travel by foot to the destination in about 25min. Are there car rentals from Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS) to the city center of Las Vegas? If you’re looking for car rental providers after arriving at LAS from SEA, you’ll have plenty of options to choose from. From the airport, take a shuttle to Interstates 15 and 215 where McCarran Rent-A-Car Center sits, about 3 miles away. It’s prudent to make advanced booking. Are there any services for passengers with disabilities at the LAS upon their arrival? Passengers with limited mobility should make arrangements with their airlines at least 72h before departure. There is wheelchair assistance to access areas such as counters and toilets. Are there ATMs at the Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS)? If you’ve just landed and need to recharge your wallet to make payments at cash-only ventures, you’ll get ATMs at Terminal 1. Wells Fargo is the main operator of ATMs at this airport. Transaction fees apply. Can I fly from Seattle to Las Vegas non-stop? Yes, you can. Flights from Seattle to Las Vegas take about 2.5 hours and range in the hundreds of flights offered per week. A very popular route, it is serviced by a number of airlines including United Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and Delta. How do I get from downtown Seattle to Seattle Tacoma International Airport? To get to Seattle Tacoma International Airport from the city center, catch the Local Link train from the International District/Chinatown station, or catch one of the many buses connecting the airport to the city center via a number of stops in Seattle. Alternatively, you can hail a cab. Are there on-site hotels at Seattle Tacoma International Airport? Although there aren’t any hotels directly on site, there are a number of hotels located only 3 or 4 minutes away from Seattle Tacoma International Airport, including the Hilton Seattle Airport & Conference Center, the Red Roof Inn Seattle Airport SEATAC, and the Red Lion Hotel Seattle Airport, all offering a free shuttle service. What is there to do at Seattle Tacoma International Airport? If you are stuck in Seattle Tacoma International Airport for a delayed flight, why not enjoy the many amenities the passenger hub offers? Get pampered at the Massage Bar or enjoy some local art, thanks to the incredible collection of contemporary works by local artists. You can also catch a live show offered by the program “Experience the City of Music” or download your favorite movie on your phone at the Digiboo self-service kiosks. Do I need a passport to fly between Seattle and Las Vegas? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Seattle to Las Vegas? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Seattle to Las Vegas flight route: Delta, Alaska Airlines, Cape Air, Asiana Airlines, American Airlines, and Spirit Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Seattle to Las Vegas? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Seattle to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Seattle to Las Vegas? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Seattle and Las Vegas, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Seattle to Las Vegas? There are nonstop flights from Seattle to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Seattle to Las Vegas, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Seattle to Las Vegas are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $236 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $246 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Seattle to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Seattle to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Seattle to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Seattle is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Seattle to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Seattle with another airline. Booking your flights between Seattle and LAS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Seattle to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Seattle up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SEA to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $65 or less one-way and $79 or less round-trip. Fly aboard American Airlines from Seattle to Las Vegas and experience its hub at the Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS). After arrival, you can get access to Centurion Lounge if you hold an American Express card. Non-card holders can access The Club lounge if they pay for the pass. Passengers aboard this airline enjoy priority clearance at the terminal and security checkpoint under the fast lane program. Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) has two lounges located at Concourse A and South Satellite. Economy class travelers can access those lounges if they agree to pay for the pass. Usually, lounges open 3h prior to the scheduled flight departure. Children can only enter in the company of adults, while infants under 2 years are admitted for free. If you have an early morning flight via Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA), it may be helpful if you book a comfortable room in a hotel adjacent to the airport. This way, you’ll save yourself the agony of being stuck in traffic on your way to the airport. Wake up refreshed at Residence Inn by Marriott Seattle Sea-Tac Airport. Some airlines permit pets in the cabin when flying from Seattle to Las Vegas. However, it’s important to check with your airline regarding pet policy. If you’re flying American Airlines, you can bring your four-legged friend such as cats, dogs and rabbits. Remember to restrain them in their cages to prevent them from disturbing other passengers. Families traveling with young children are well catered for at the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA). There are suites where parents can breast or bottle feed their children in privacy and with comfort. They’re located in Concourse N on the Mezzanine level, or Concourse D on the lower level of D Annex. Flights from Seattle to Las Vegas usually depart from Seattle Tacoma International Airport, located 14.4 miles south of downtown Seattle, and land at Las Vegas McCarran Airport, located 11.9 miles south of the city center. If you are flying with children, don’t worry about having to entertain them when flying from Seattle Tacoma International Airport: the airport features a Children’s Play Area located between the Central Terminal and the A Gates, and is fully equipped with toys and games your children are sure to love. If your flight to Las Vegas is just one leg of a longer trip, why not enjoy your time there? You can work out at ZEROlevel Fitness gym, a facility that includes weight machines, free weights, and a large cardio area -- or just take a stroll along one of the many walking paths. You can also enjoy some artwork displays of local artists or visit the Howard W. Cannon Aviation Museum. If your flight lands late and you don’t really want to travel into Las Vegas at night, why not sleep near the airport? Hotels like the Best Western McCarran Inn, the Travelodge Las Vegas North, and the Hyatt Place Las Vegas feature comfortable rooms and a tasty breakfast spread, plus they offer an airport shuttle service. To get to Las Vegas from McCarran Airport, travelers can use the bus service provided to and from the passenger hub, operated by the RTC of Southern Nevada. Lines include no. 108, 109, and the Westcliff Airport Express. Alternatively, travelers can hail a cab or rent a car, both of which re easy to find at Arrivals. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +17 more Aeromexico, Air France, +18 more 16 17 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +17 more Aeromexico, Air France, +18 more 16 17 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +17 more Aeromexico, Air France, +18 more 16 17 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more Aeromexico, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Seattle to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Seattle to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Seattle to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 85overall 88crew 79food 85boarding 78entertainment 82comfort Airline reviews Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport" Pros: "I love Alaska Airlines in general. Great customer service (typically), on time flights and great equipment:" Cons: "The flight crew from SEA/LAS and same crew from LAS/LAX may have been having an off day. I’ve never seen a more aggressive (yes- shocked) flight crew I’m the years of flying Alaska. The flight attendants also was oddly unkept. Hair frazzled and attitudes were aggressive and their tone was harsh." Pros: "The flight itself was as expected." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3+ hours with no reasoning shared with travelers. No compensation, complimentary beverage, etc. was provided." Pros: "Short and nice flight" Cons: "You charged me a seat for a lap infant, and he was not even near us for seating, I was also charged for the cancellation" Pros: "The flight was smooth from take off to landing." Cons: "No entertainment on the plane. I saw a number of people trying to find ways to prop up and watch their phones. We recently flew on Virgin and the entertainment option were plentiful." Pros: "overall great flight - service was over the top flight early arrival" Pros: "I liked everything except that I wasn't offered priority boarding by wearing my number three Russell Wilson jersey." Cons: "Flight attendant in first class was rude and snotty. She treated anyone not in first class like we weren’t customers. Other than that flight was good." Pros: "Safety Video Comfort of plane Entertainment system" Cons: "Food / Drinks are a bit pricey. Pop - only get a glass. Not the whole can. Flight attendants were not the friendliest." Pros: "Like we arrived safely" Cons: "We booked over two months ago through Alaska and didn’t get seats next to each other!! They couldn’t change seats when we boarded because TSA kept us too long." Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Pros: "Just a great experience Delta is still above the rest excluding Hawaiian" Cons: "Cant think of anything" Pros: "Excellent service in most every respect! Boarding was easy, accommodations were quite ample, food was great, and the entertainment was plentiful." Cons: "Slight problem with making my seat into a bed, which wasn't fixable. Movies were good, except for the trailers before and after each, which seemed to take forever! Didn't get the seats my wife and originally booked with China Southern/Delta, but the substitution was quite adequate! Problems with checking in on flights, as neither airline seemed to be able to deal with this split ticket! But they tried very hard to make thing up to us, which goes a long way to making us feel like we are valued customers!" Cons: "Missed connecting flight because the first flight was delayed by 2.5 hours. I didn’t get the comfort seat I paid for because of this and was not given a refund for it." Pros: "crew was nice and pilot was informative." Cons: "1. flight was delayed twice, which meant my arrive was delayed in Cincinnati. 2. boarding was a nightmare. After 2 delays, I was crammed into zone 4. I dont fly as often, the seats space seems to be getting smaller. 5. I sat next an overweight person. I didn't like my personal space violated. 6. The flight offer movies, I slept. Yet kept getting elbowed by this overweight neighbor. 7. I am a single, independent person. I prefer to sit near the front. First on and settled and 1st off and gone!" Cons: "The wifi wasn't strong enough to download the app to watch movies on the plane." Pros: "Good selection of movies/shows." Cons: "Flight was delayed half an hour due to “medical emergency”. Guy passed out as we were about to take off so we turned back to the gate and sat on the plane for over 30 mins while we waited for medical personnel to check the guy out. Then had to wait another 15 mins for the fuel truck to refill us because we had burnt so much sitting there. I understand that we had to turn back due to his condition but why was he not removed from the plane and put on a later flight when he felt better instead of making all of us late? You would think after all this the crew would be kind and appreciate our patience but 2 of the flight attendants were the exact opposite of that. Both of them were very short with people and the one kept rolling her eyes at people as they were handing out drinks. The only thing I would give 5 stars is the tv entertainment. My seat wouldn’t even recline for me to enjoy though." Cons: "No drink or snack service. No trash pick up. No option to purchase or rent headphones" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The fact they wasted two days of my trip with my son travelling from the U.S. to China because they didn't know about transit visa regulations. And so far they offered a 75 dollar voucher for participating merchants. Unacceptable" Pros: "Accident on way to airport, so I showed up to check bags 45 minutes before flight time. They said they couldn't get the bag to the plane..in 45 minutes? So, they put on the next flight... 6 hours later. Said I could fly without the bag... uh, no thanks. They would not look for alternatives without charging me more. Flight attendants were crabby, otherwise everything was fine. I flew British Airways a few months ago. Night and day. Seriously. Delta does not even approach having good service. There was no comparison to British Air--- Delta is not in the same league." Cons: "Delays could have been communicated better. My overhead light wasn’t functional." Pros: "The flight got delayed and than it was also late" Cons: "Be on time" Pros: "When I checked in for my flight I was given another passenger’s ticket (very similar name) and my checked bag was then sent to this other flight destination. when I got to my gate (correct destination) I discovered the error. The gate crew worked hard to get my checked bag off the wrong flight and rerouted to my flight within 20 minutes of my flight’s departure." Pros: "The crew was great!" Cons: "I had to take a bus from my gate to the plane from the new D21-26 gates." Pros: "Check in was easy and quick" Cons: "Plane could have been cleaner. Price is ok, but not as good as it seems once you add luggage." Cons: "I missed the flight because they did not allow online check in. The check in closed 45 min before the flight and I got to the airport 35 min before the flight because my first flight at LGA was cancelled and I had to spend $250 to uber yo EWR. They charged me $200 and only refunded me vouchers" Pros: "Crew was great!" Cons: "I didn’t realize I had to pay for a carry on" Pros: "Two and half hour delay, they charged me 35.00 for one carry on luggage" Pros: "The people were nice and it felt like a quick flight." Cons: "There was no one at the check-in desk when I got to the airport and when someone called to ask when they would be there Sun Country said they come 2 hours before the flight. Giving people an hour to get through security and get to they're gates before boarding. I also should have looked at how much it would cost checking a bag($20) and all the additional costs that Sun Country has (seat: $7-$25)." Pros: "Price was reasonable." Cons: "The lady at the check in counter was unfriendly - gave me hard time communicating with me." Cons: "They closed the check in counter early. No kiosk check in was available. No one was in their airport office and neither we, nor airport staff, were able to reach them via the onsite contact info provided. As a result we missed our flight." Cons: "Flight got cancelled. Still not to Vancouver. Wasted a whole day traveling, about 19 hours due to delay, canceling and try to get rebooked. West Jet does not run on time." Pros: "The crew worked hard to ensure that we had a good flight with minimal interruptions" Cons: "Delays always hurt, the flight was delayed yet there were no notifications and additionally the delay was closer to an hour long since boarding only started 20 minutes late." Pros: "The crew went out of his way to help us!" Cons: "The landing was the worst I have ever experienced! Must be a student pilot or something! Been traveling for many years and never once vomit! I almost did in this flight! twice!!" Pros: "The crew was very nice" Cons: "Seats are uncomfortable and there’s no tv for entertainment." Cons: "No explanation was given why flight left almost 2 hours late" Cons: "Don't like having to download app for entertainment....some devices not current enough to download.. Not everyone has devices Kids disappointed..prefer Alaska monitors" Pros: "Nothing really." Cons: "The lady at the checkin desk volunteered me to check my carry on and told me that she would charge me if I didn’t comply. ( there was more than enough room on the plane for me to store it). The plane wreaked of poo the whole flight and it gave me a head ache, which my Tylenol was in my carry on that the lady forced me to check. And the flight was only supposed to be delayed 15 min, and we didn’t take off until 45 min later, which made us miss our connection. Very disappointing service/ flight from WestJet!" Pros: "Pleasant Staff Great flight" Cons: "that i paid to get a seat next to my brother and the plane was not full and people got to sit where they liked. it cost me more money for nothing." Pros: "Quick to get on and off the plane. Crew was very professional." Cons: "The plane was cramped and very warm. I turned on the air overhead and it didn’t make a difference." Pros: "The food and the crew totally good" Cons: "Maybe the toilets, need to be clean at least once in a flight" Pros: "Crew was efficient and pleasant making for a good experience." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Great crew - good attitudes." Cons: "Delayed for an hour due to a log book issue." Cons: "I upgraded my seats, but we still didn’t get any extras for the price." Pros: "The flight got me there" Cons: "WiFi was too slow to be able to watch anything. Seat small and uncomfortable. Flight attendants not friendly." Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Cons: "Not enough time in London to change planes. We missed the flight" Pros: "It was fine. Just not anything great." Cons: "Many groups were not seated together. at the airport I asked if my husband and I could be put together . One worker seemed interested in helping, but another rudely butted in and said there "were no seats together, the flight was full." Come to find out the flight was not full, there were whole rows not full. The groups near our seats rearranged ourselves so we could be by our family members, so it worked out. No thanks to the person at the terminal. Really long walk from the gate to the plane. No food on a cross country flight. Only a few cups of water/soda and a cookie. which unfortunately is typical now days. The lights were off the whole trip. The captain kept turning on the seat belt sign for the turbulence. Which there was a lot of. But then he would announce for everyone to go back to their seats. It wasn't huge bumps, just a little rough. and it woke everyone up by announcing it multiple times." Cons: "We are letting too many people with the flu, travel. This in turn is spreading it to other places and getting too many people sick. We need to control this more. I don’t have an option after spending all this money on if I can stay healthy or not, and that is not ok." Pros: "I would like if for my return from Paris to Chicago, Chicago Seattle I would be greeted by the personal and offered to flight first class without extra charge to compensate for the bad experience on my way going in. Thank you" Cons: "I was told I would be able to choose the seats only 24 hours before the flight by going online. I tried to choose the seats online but could not have access to the site. I then called the number provided to ask for more help, and was told that I could then only choose the seats at the check in time. I was at the airport 2 hours before the flight schedule to book my seat and was told them that I could only choose the seats at the gate. Once I got at the gate I asked the person to please give me a seat at the aisle for medical reasons but after waiting until the boarding process had started I was giving a middle seat. Not only I was treated as a stand by passenger that had not purchased the tickets I was put nt on group 8 and at the moment of boarding the gate personal aggressively grabbed my carry-on bag because they insisted there was no more spaces in the compartment above heads. Once I got inside of airplane I saw many empty compartments available for carry-on luggage. I wish I had not purchased my ticket with Iberia Airlines operated by American Airlines. It was not a good, pleasant experience and do not recommend. I wil certainly avoid in the future and not travel this way another time. Thanks" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 WestJet7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Seattle to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Seattle to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 3/2Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 36mSEA-LAS $26 Search 3/2Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 36mSEA-LAS $28 Search 1/3Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 35mSEA-LAS $30 Search 1/2Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 39mSEA-LAS $37 Search 2/15Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 29mSEA-LAS $66 Search 12/20Wed nonstopDelta 2h 35mSEA-LAS $69 Search 12/17Sun 1 stopAlaska Airlines 7h 06mSEA-LAS $79 Search 3/7Thu nonstopDelta 2h 29mSEA-LAS $89 Search 4/18Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 13mSEA-LAS $124 Search 12/25Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 57mSEA-LAS $159 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAlaska AirlinesDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$30 or less$40 or less$70 or less$90 or less$160 or less Last minute flights from Seattle to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Seattle to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 40mSEA-LAS 12/15Fri nonstopFrontier 3h 02mLAS-SEA $57 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 40mSEA-LAS 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 04mLAS-SEA $69 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 34mSEA-LAS 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 51mLAS-SEA $94 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 35mSEA-LAS 12/8Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 53mLAS-SEA $95 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 13h 42mSEA-LAS 12/11Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 19mLAS-SEA $267 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 13h 42mSEA-LAS 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 10h 26mLAS-SEA $287 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 4h 00mSEA-LAS 1/31Wed multi-stopAlaska Airlines 5h 36mLAS-SEA $307 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 4h 58mSEA-LAS 1/7Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 4h 55mLAS-SEA $327 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 46mSEA-LAS 12/15Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 07mLAS-SEA $331 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 06mSEA-LAS 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 17h 01mLAS-SEA $360 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesAlaska AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$70 or less$100 or less$290 or less$330 or less$360 or less Seattle - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Seattle (SEA)United States Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Seattle Cabin classes: $458 First Class flights to Las Vegas $219 Business Class flights to Las Vegas $414 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas $38 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » United States » Washington » Seattle $34Flights from Seattle to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $34Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Compare transportation modes for Seattle to Las Vegas Average price Average duration Flights $471 2h 29m Buses $421 40h 01m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Ontario Flights to Honolulu Flights to San Diego Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Seattle. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Las Vegas from Seattle. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.