Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Manila from $370 | (LAX - MNL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - MNL Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Manila from $370 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 3/31. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sa 12/30 Sa 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Manila These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Manila. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Manila. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Manila?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to Manila that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:20 pm - 3:35 pmLAX-MNL 27h 15m1 stop 6:30 pm - 9:40 pmMNL-LAX 42h 10m1 stop $700Singapore Airlines Find Deal So, Mrz 31 - So, Jun 30 8:50 pm - 5:45 pmLAX-MNL 29h 55m1 stop 7:40 am - 9:40 pmMNL-LAX 29h 00m1 stop $710Singapore Airlines Find Deal So, Mrz 24 - Do, Jun 27 9:20 pm - 5:25 pmLAX-MNL 29h 05m1 stop 7:40 am - 9:40 pmMNL-LAX 29h 00m1 stop $717Singapore Airlines Find Deal So, Apr 28 - Mi, Mai 29 2:50 pm - 3:55 pmLAX-MNL 33h 05m1 stop 10:55 am - 8:35 pmMNL-LAX 24h 40m1 stop $782China Airlines Find Deal Mi, Mrz 6 - Mi, Mrz 13 2:50 pm - 3:55 pmLAX-MNL 33h 05m1 stop 4:55 pm - 8:35 pmMNL-LAX 18h 40m1 stop $783China Airlines Find Deal Mo, Mrz 4 - Mi, Mrz 20 11:10 pm - 10:10 amLAX-MNL 19h 00m1 stop 11:25 am - 8:00 pmMNL-LAX 23h 35m1 stop $842STARLUX Airlines Find Deal Mo, Mrz 4 - Mi, Mrz 20 11:10 pm - 10:10 amLAX-MNL 19h 00m1 stop 11:25 am - 8:00 pmMNL-LAX 23h 35m1 stop $864STARLUX Airlines Find Deal Do, Feb 22 - Mi, Mrz 13 12:05 am - 5:50 pmLAX-MNL 26h 45m1 stop 12:40 pm - 8:55 pmMNL-LAX 23h 15m1 stop $868EVA Air Find Deal Mo, Mrz 11 - Di, Jun 18 12:05 am - 11:45 amLAX-MNL 20h 40m1 stop 6:45 pm - 6:50 amMNL-LAX 27h 05m1 stop $892EVA Air Find Deal Di, Mrz 12 - Mo, Apr 15 10:30 pm - 4:00 amLAX-MNL 14h 30mnonstop 11:25 am - 10:00 amMNL-LAX 13h 35mnonstop $926Philippine Airlines Find Deal Mi, Mai 1 - So, Mai 19 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to Manila - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to Manila to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to Manila? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to Manila clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Los Angeles to Manila, look for departures on Mondays and avoid leaving on a Friday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Manila, Sunday is the cheapest day to fly and Saturday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to Manila? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to Manila is September, where tickets cost $1,015 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,735 and $1,622 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to Manila? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to Manila, you should book around 4 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 77 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to Manila? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Los Angeles to Manila found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $700 on Singapore Airlines, followed by China Airlines ($782). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $370 on Singapore Airlines and from $488 on STARLUX Airlines. Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and Manila? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to Manila. There is just one airline that flies from Los Angeles to Manila direct and that is Philippine Airlines. The best one-way deal found from Philippine Airlines for the route is $1,000. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and Manila per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 2 nonstop flights that take off from Los Angeles and land in Manila, with an average flight time of 15h 30m. The most common departure time is 10:00 pm and most flights take off at night. Each week, there are 11 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Monday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and Manila? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to Manila take? A direct flight to Manila will take on average 14h 30m to travel the 7,291 miles flying distance from Los Angeles. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to Manila? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 11:15 am and will be landing in Manila at 6:55 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to Manila? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to Manila jets off at 10:15 pm and lands at 5:40 am. Good to know Low season August High season December Cheapest flight $370 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 6% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 40% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Manila When to book flights from Los Angeles to Manila Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to Manila based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to Manila Are there direct flights from Los Angeles to Manila? Yes, all direct flights to Manila from Los Angeles arrive at Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL). However, there are nonstop flights from the two Los Angeles airports, Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) and Ontario International Airport (ONT). These connections are run by several airlines, including Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, Qantas, Ana United, Alaska Airlines, United Airlines, Emirates, and Qatar Airways. Which is the best arrival airport if I want to visit the National Museum of the Philippines? Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) is the main airport serving Manila and the surrounding areas. The National Museum of the Philippines lies about 6.6 miles from the airport, and the best way to reach this destination is by airport bus. It will get you there in about 38min. However, if you want more convenience, comfort, and privacy, consider renting a car or taking a taxi. Is there public transportation from Ninoy Aquino International Airport to the center of Manila? Several public transportation routes link Manila’s main international airport, Ninoy Aquino International Airport, to the city center. Bus Line 18 connects the MNL terminals to Metro Manila in about 43min. Another option is to hop onto light rail Line 1 at the Baclaran Station and get to the city center of Manila in about 39min. Lastly, 24h Airside Shuttle Buses commute between these two destinations. Are there any accessibility services available for passengers at MNL upon their arrival? Yes, if a person needs any special assistance getting through Ninoy Aquino International Airport upon their arrival from Los Angeles, they should contact the management in advance. Passengers with limited mobility have access to devices such as wheelchairs. What are some good hotels near Ninoy Aquino International Airport? The Belmont Hotel is a chic, 4-star choice that is only a 3-minute drive from Ninoy Aquino International Airport and a 15-minute drive from the popular Ayala Museum. The Holiday Inn Express is a budget-friendly choice that is a 6-minute drive from the airport and a 20-minute drive from Rizal Park. What is the best way to travel from Ninoy Aquino International Airport to downtown Manila? The quickest and easiest way to travel between Ninoy Aquino International Airport and downtown Manila is by taxi or rental car. The drive takes approximately 50 minutes without any additional traffic, but can often be closer to an hour. It is also possible to use public transportation such as the local bus, which is cheaper but takes closer to two hours. Which airlines have private lounges in Los Angeles International Airport? American, Virgin, and Delta Airlines all have private lounges in the Departures terminals of Los Angeles International Airport. While some customers are able to access these lounges for free, others can purchase access passes at reduced prices. Does Los Angeles International Airport have an observation deck? Los Angeles International Airport has an observation deck referred to as the Theme Building that was designed by the famous Disney Imagineering Company. It is located in the main terminal of the airport and has a popular restaurant placed inside. It can be accessed for free by all travelers and is open year-round during standard business hours. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and Manila? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Manila from Los Angeles. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to Manila? Asiana Airlines, Qantas Airways, and Alaska Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to Manila flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to Manila? The Boeing 777-300 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to Manila flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to Manila? There are nonstop flights from Los Angeles to Manila on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to Manila, STARLUX Airlines or Korean Air? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to Manila are STARLUX Airlines and Korean Air. With an average price for the route of $1,102 and an overall rating of 9.2, STARLUX Airlines is the most popular choice. Korean Air is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,249 and an overall rating of 8.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Manila? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Manila. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Manila? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Manila from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Manila? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Manila with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and MNL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Manila? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Manila from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to Manila Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $638 or less one-way and $1,142 or less round-trip. When booking your flights from Los Angeles to Manila, there are numerous airports to consider flying out of. Nevertheless, the main departure airport with the highest number of international flights, including direct flights to Manila, is Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). Still, other flights depart Los Angeles from Ontario International Airport (ONT). Suppose you want to book a flight from Los Angeles to Manila. In that case, you’ll have more routes and options at your disposal to fly to the main international airport that serves the city, Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL). This main airport in Manila offers most nonstop flights from Los Angeles. Travelers planning to transit on board Philippine Airlines flights from Los Angeles to Manila should remember that the airline’s hub is located at Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL). There may be other flight routes to this Manila airport from both LAX and ONT in Los Angeles. If you’re traveling from Los Angeles to Manila with your pet, look out for designated areas where they can get relief. There’s at least one service animal/pet relief location in each terminal at both Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) and Ontario International Airport (ONT). Those traveling through Los Angeles airports have comfortable lounges at their disposal for relaxation and unwinding before their long haul. Both LAX and ONT have multiple lounges run by different airlines, such as Delta Sky Club and United Club, and only members or those with respective credit cards can enter. If you are interested in grabbing a bite to eat after your flight from Los Angeles to Manila has landed in Ninoy Aquino International Airport, make sure to browse through the different dining options in the Arrivals wing of the airport. Ramen Nagi is a casual choice that serves Japanese-style cuisine, while Ka Tunying's Cafe offers traditional Filipino meals. Because the route from Los Angeles to Manila is very long, it is difficult to find an itinerary that does not include at least one layover. However, if you are determined to have a direct flight, consider booking your ticket with Philippine Airlines, as this company offers several daily, direct flights between these two locations. The trip will still be long, but at least you won’t have to wait around during a long layover. For those that are traveling with their families, make sure to stop by one of the Kiddie Traveller’s Lounges located in Ninoy Aquino International Airport. These play areas are fully staffed and equipped with playground equipment, toys, and books, making them a fun way for kids to unwind after a long flight. To store some of your luggage or personal items after arriving in Ninoy Aquino International Airport, visit the Luggage and More desk located in the Arrivals hall of Terminal 3. This desk offers affordable daily rates and can store as many items as you like. Hoping to pamper yourself before your flight leaves Los Angeles International Airport? Stop by either XpresSpa or Be Relax. Both of these spas offer a variety of services including massages, facials, and manicures, making them a convenient place to treat yourself before starting a long day of traveling. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to Ninoy Aquino Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl Search Flights Monday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Tuesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Wednesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Thursday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Friday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Saturday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Sunday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines See more direct flights Nonstop returns Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Tuesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Wednesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Thursday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Friday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Saturday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Sunday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to Manila See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to Manila. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Manila? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 9.2 STARLUX AirlinesOverall score based on 42 reviews 92comfort 93entertainment 91boarding 90food 92overall 94crew Airline reviews First time on Starlux. I was impressed. Very eager to assist flight crew First time on Starlux. I was impressed. Very eager to assist flight crew Premium Economy on Starlux- a worthwhile way to cross the Pacific. This is a great premium economy experience. The seats are comfortable, wide and provide decent foot rests. The seatback TV is large, high resolution and plenty of content. Bluetooth connection for your headset and control from your phone is available. Food was decent and in line with the cabin class. The seat could be improved by providing more lower leg support especially for taller guests (6ft myself). Cabin crew will be moving up and down the aisle a lot since the galley is in front. Screen size was nice. No vent when hot, food was not good Wish plane type had more restrooms… Care and consideration from stewards and stewardesses was so great Pros: "Everything was great!" Cons: "Some announcements were only made in Korean. Would have been nice to have it in English for international flight." Cons: "Let me change my ticket due to a death in the family." Pros: "Excellent service and probably the most efficient boarding process I’ve ever been a part of. Food service went by without a hitch, and the stewardesses knew English very well so we felt comfortable and welcomed. I also really liked being able to get terminal/travel information from the infotainment system. Being that I’ve never been to ICN or NRT before, having access to terminal maps and basic instructions on how to find connecting flights and baggage claim areas was probably one of the most helpful features of the flight!" Cons: "I am 5’11” and found my seat somewhat uncomfortable. It didn’t detract from being able to sleep at all, but it did seem like the seats on this airline might be at its most comfortable with shorter passengers." Pros: "The transit lounges at the new Seoul terminal are outstanding." Cons: "Flight delayed which caused me to miss my connecting. This is now causing me to spend an additional 12 hours traveling to the same destination." Pros: "The general service was amazing. The flights were all super clean, well stocked (they still provided headphones, pillows, and blankets) and nice newer planes. The crew was great as well, their English was pretty good and I never had any issues." Cons: "My original seat assignments were not found so I lost my window seat on one flight." Cons: "Everything was going well until our bags didn’t show up at our final destination. Big no-no. Just ruined the otherwise pleasant experience" Pros: "The movie selections were pretty good and was enough entertainment for the long flight" Cons: "The flight delay forced us to run from one end of the Incheon Intl Airport to another to catch our connecting flight." Pros: "Love the service on this flight! Super friendly and quick to service." Cons: "The seat pocket in front of me was full with magazines. No space for any else. Like others airlines the seats were too narrow." Pros: "Friendly staff, good food, comfortable length seats. Deplanijng and boarding was fast." Cons: "The planes are pretty outdated especially the connecting flights from Narita to HKG" Pros: "Excellent service from the cabin crew." Cons: "The Japanese (Washoku) breakfast was not as good as I expected." Pros: "The crew was great, friendly and helpful. The food was good and the overall service on the plane was great." Cons: "Our flight was delayed from Los Angeles and we did not make our connecting flight in Tokyo. The next option they had was a full 24 hours later so we ended up taking the train. I tried to make adjustments to one of my flights for the return home and was told that is not an option." Pros: "They were very helpful in changing my seat to an aisle seat. The first meal was rather mediocre. The second one was good. The seats were spacious and comfortable and I did not feel claustrophobic." Cons: "They were very helpful in changing my seat to an aisle seat. The first meal was rather mediocre. The second one was good. The seats were spacious and comfortable and I did not feel claustrophobic." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "The seats were substantially more cramped than the other flight." Cons: "Fellow passenger didn't stay in his space , would prefer flight attendant to inform kindly" Pros: "Very comfortable flights. Exceptional crew on and off the planes. Great food and drink/snack options. Lots of entertainment options as well." Cons: "I have no complaints abouts my flights. Travel is tough at times but ANA made it seem easy." Pros: "Everything about this airline made my flight pleasant. The staff were polite and accommodating" Pros: "Take off and landing was smooth. Stewardesses were very helpful." Pros: "The crew were helpful and nice. It was comfortable." Cons: "The food was horrible. The movie selections were quite limited." Pros: "Singapore Airlines has everything worked out for you before you land. That's a great help. The stewardesses were just phenomenal and endlessly polite. I will definitely use them again." Cons: "As much as I normally nitpick something, I literally have no criticism at all of Singapore Airlines. Everything they did was a step above everyone else." Cons: "Flight was a little warm but was able to get it cooler via help from crew but got warmer again towards the end of flight. Overall good flight though" Cons: "The lunch part at the end was a little late we had just had a snack and a small sandwich so we didn't eat a lot. But food was great!" Pros: "Flight was full but crew was attentive and very pleasant. Star Alliance Lounge at LAX had a good variety of food and drinks - Asian, western, small bites, snacks; red, white, bubbly and even a bartender who'll mix up cocktails. I love flying SQ." Cons: "For a premium economy service, it was really good." Pros: "Crew" Cons: "Short and sweet. Flight left on time and landed about 15 mins early. Crew was wonderful" Pros: "The inflight entertainment was great, lots of movie selections" Cons: "The leg room was horrible. Honestly the worst space I've ever had in a flight. I was shocked considering Singapore air is considered one of the best airlines" Pros: "As a frequent flyer, I have found out that the few dollars i spend more on SQ is well worth it" Pros: "They treated you like you were important and really took care of my every need" Cons: "Getting on a cattle car to go to another terminal and then get in line again to go on the plane" Pros: "Crew was very friendly and responsive to my needs. They met it with a smile." Pros: "I loved everything! The plane was well maintained, the crew were friendly and attentive, the flight was comfortable even for such long hours. Food was also great! In flight entertainment had recent movies and shows, even international selections." Cons: "The food was terrible. Only one option and I didn't like it." Pros: "Despite the short flight, they still served a delicious meal! Great movie and music selections. Would definitely fly them again." Cons: "The seat smells like it was not clean. They did not serve snack between lunch and dinner. You need to get it at their station. We were really thirsty and a bit hungry..." Pros: "Our flight from LA to Tapei was outstanding. We were served 2 full meals and both meals exceeded my expectations in terms of quality. The entertainment options were decent, there were several TV shows with recent episodes available to watch as well as a good sized library of movies including some new releases." Cons: "The only thing I would ask for is more than 4 episodes of each TV show. Overall our flight was great." Pros: "I like the food and entertainment. But they should served drinks more often as possible rather than waiting for the customer to ask for it." Cons: "Food ia not that good. Need to have more flavor" Pros: "Crew are great. Food not so bad. Overall is great services." Cons: "Nothing so far." Pros: "Lots of flight attendants to deal with such a large plan of passengers. They came around often with snacks and refreshments." Cons: "Entertainment was a little lacking." Pros: "Overall Eva is a good airline (certainly beats United), but had a problem with the meal request." Cons: "Requested child meal at the same time as booking seats (all online). Seats were as reserved, but had no record of child meal request." Pros: "The staff was very kind and helpful. The flight was more comfortable and enjoyable than I had expected. The food was also surprisingly good." STARLUX Airlines9.2 Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Manila Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to Manila found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 3/31So 1 stopSingapore Airlines 29h 05mLAX-MNL $370 Search 3/24So 1 stopSingapore Airlines 28h 00mLAX-MNL $372 Search 2/5Mo 1 stopChina Airlines 26h 50mLAX-MNL $501 Search 1/24Mi 1 stopChina Airlines 26h 50mLAX-MNL $516 Search 2/26Mo nonstopPhilippine Airlines 15h 40mLAX-MNL $595 Search 3/5Di nonstopPhilippine Airlines 15h 40mLAX-MNL $597 Search 1/14So 1 stopAsiana Airlines 19h 30mLAX-MNL $610 Search 2/3Sa 1 stopAsiana Airlines 19h 30mLAX-MNL $614 Search 3/13Mi 1 stopEVA Air 26h 45mLAX-MNL $656 Search 3/15Fr 1 stopEVA Air 31h 20mLAX-MNL $659 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSingapore AirlinesChina AirlinesPhilippine AirlinesAsiana AirlinesEVA Air Search by price$370 or less$520 or less$600 or less$610 or less$660 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Manila Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to Manila that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3So multi-stopCathay Pacific 33h 00mLAX-MNL 12/14Do multi-stopCathay Pacific 18h 30mMNL-LAX $860 Search 12/1Fr multi-stopCathay Pacific 21h 15mLAX-MNL 12/17So multi-stopCathay Pacific 17h 10mMNL-LAX $861 Search 12/5Di multi-stopXiamenAir 29h 35mLAX-MNL 12/16Sa multi-stopXiamenAir 37h 40mMNL-LAX $991 Search 12/3So multi-stopXiamenAir 29h 35mLAX-MNL 12/11Mo multi-stopXiamenAir 37h 40mMNL-LAX $1,001 Search 12/4Mo multi-stopSTARLUX Airlines 19h 00mLAX-MNL 12/11Mo multi-stopSTARLUX Airlines 23h 35mMNL-LAX $1,054 Search 12/3So multi-stopAsiana Airlines 31h 35mLAX-MNL 12/5Di multi-stopAsiana Airlines 24h 50mMNL-LAX $1,076 Search 12/4Mo multi-stopEVA Air 39h 10mLAX-MNL 12/6Mi multi-stopEVA Air 19h 20mMNL-LAX $1,082 Search 12/4Mo multi-stopSTARLUX Airlines 19h 00mLAX-MNL 12/25Mo multi-stopSTARLUX Airlines 23h 35mMNL-LAX $1,088 Search 12/2Sa multi-stopEVA Air 32h 15mLAX-MNL 1/26Fr multi-stopEVA Air 31h 55mMNL-LAX $1,094 Search 12/4Mo multi-stopAsiana Airlines 31h 35mLAX-MNL 12/23Sa multi-stopAsiana Airlines 36h 35mMNL-LAX $1,119 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineCathay PacificXiamenAirSTARLUX AirlinesAsiana AirlinesEVA Air Search by price$860 or less$1,000 or less$1,080 or less$1,090 or less$1,120 or less Los Angeles - Manila Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: Manila (MNL)Philippines Return flight deals: Manila - Los Angeles Cabin classes: First Class flights to Manila $2,475 Business Class flights to Manila Prem Econ Class flights to Manila $962 Economy Class flights to Manila Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $654Flights from Los Angeles to Manila Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Philippines » Manila $654Flights to Manila, Manila Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Manila flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Manila from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Manila from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.