Cheap Flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle to Rome from $58 | (CDG - ROM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW CDG - ROM Find cheap flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome from $58 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/16. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Rome These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Paris to Rome, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Paris to Rome, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Charles de Gaulle to Rome?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Charles de Gaulle to Rome that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 2:05 pm - 4:10 pmCDG-FCO 2h 05mnonstop 9:30 pm - 11:40 pmFCO-CDG 2h 10mnonstop $128ITA Airways Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 20 9:45 am - 8:45 pmCDG-FCO 11h 00m1 stop 7:10 am - 8:50 pmFCO-CDG 13h 40m1 stop $135Vueling Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Mon, Jan 22 8:40 pm - 10:45 pmCDG-FCO 2h 05mnonstop 6:20 am - 8:35 amFCO-CDG 2h 15mnonstop $151Air France Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Mon, Dec 25 7:00 am - 9:05 amCDG-FCO 2h 05mnonstop 6:20 am - 8:35 amFCO-CDG 2h 15mnonstop $152Air France Find Deal Sun, Feb 18 - Tue, Feb 27 8:10 pm - 8:50 amCDG-FCO 12h 40m1 stop 9:40 am - 6:50 pmFCO-CDG 9h 10m1 stop $160SWISS Find Deal Fri, Mar 1 - Sun, Mar 3 8:10 pm - 7:15 pmCDG-FCO 23h 05m1 stop 8:05 pm - 1:55 pmFCO-CDG 17h 50m1 stop $161SWISS Find Deal Fri, Mar 1 - Mon, Mar 4 9:50 am - 2:00 pmCDG-FCO 4h 10m1 stop 11:00 am - 5:25 pmFCO-CDG 6h 25m1 stop $167 Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Sun, Mar 3 9:45 am - 5:20 pmCDG-FCO 7h 35m1 stop 7:50 pm - 9:05 amFCO-CDG 13h 15m1 stop $170 Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Tue, Dec 19 8:40 am - 4:45 pmCDG-FCO 8h 05m1 stop 10:20 am - 7:40 amFCO-CDG 21h 20m1 stop $178Brussels Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Tue, Mar 5 8:40 am - 7:30 pmCDG-FCO 10h 50m1 stop 10:20 am - 9:15 amFCO-CDG 22h 55m1 stop $193Brussels Airlines Find Deal Thu, Mar 21 - Thu, Mar 28 Show more results Flights from Charles de Gaulle to Rome - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Charles de Gaulle to Rome to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome cost $93 and was between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and Rome Fiumicino Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $156. What is the cheapest month to fly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome is January, where tickets cost $85 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are April and August, where the average cost of tickets is $184 and $170 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome, you should book around 4 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 72 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome were found on ITA Airways ($128) and Vueling ($135). Vueling proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $58. Which airlines fly non-stop between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and Rome? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome. They are Air France and ITA Airways. The cheapest airline for this route is ITA Airways, with the best one-way deal found costing $128. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at ITA Airways. How many flights are there between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and Rome per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 9 nonstop flights that take off from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and land in Rome, with an average flight time of 2h 04m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Rome Fiumicino Airport. Each week, there are 34 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 26% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and Rome? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome take? Nonstop flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport generally make it to Rome in 2h 00m. The flying distance between the two cities is 686 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport at 6:10 am and will be landing in Rome at 8:10 am. What’s the latest departure time from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome jets off at 9:20 pm and lands at 11:25 pm. Good to know Low season January High season October Cheapest flight $58 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 21% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 8% increase in price. Flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome Fiumicino Airport When to book flights from Charles de Gaulle to Rome Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Charles de Gaulle to Rome based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome flights Do I need a passport to fly between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and Rome? A passport is required to fly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome? Only SWISS offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome? The Boeing 737-800 Passenger/BBJ2 (winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and Rome. On which days can I fly direct from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome? There are nonstop flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Paris to Rome, Air France or ITA Airways? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Paris to Rome are Air France and ITA Airways. With an average price for the route of $282 and an overall rating of 7.4, Air France is the most popular choice. ITA Airways is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $215 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Rome from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Rome with an airline and back to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Rome from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Paris to Rome Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $120 or less one-way and $196 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Paris Charles de Gaulle to Rome? Find which airlines fly direct from Charles de Gaulle to Rome, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Paris Charles de Gaulle to Rome Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Malta, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Malta, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Malta, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Malta, +13 more Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Malta, +13 more Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Malta, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Malta, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Rome to Paris Charles de Gaulle Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Malta, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Mauritius, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Mauritius, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Malta, +13 more Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Mauritius, +12 more Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more 11 12 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Mauritius, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Air Mauritius, +11 more Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more 10 11 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Charles de Gaulle to Rome See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Paris to Rome. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Charles de Gaulle to Rome? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9112 reviews 82overall 86crew 79food 77entertainment 82boarding 78comfort Airline reviews A lot of things could have been better. They lost our luggage. We missed our connection from YVR to Naples when we arrived in Zurich and then we got re-routed to Rome and then Naples. We eventually got to Naples but our bags didn’t. Our experience at the lost luggage in the Naples was not at all reassuring. They didn’t seem that interested in our problem. I did a live chat with Swiss customer service and all they could do is tell me to follow the process. Meanwhile we’ve had to spend significant money on clothes and I have to replace medications. This has meant our trip so far has been totally different than what we had planned. It’s not clear that our baggage will ever show up which means we will have lost significant amount of clothing and other things and our two month trip to Europe will have more problems than good memories. So far we are not happy.Read more about SWISS A lot of things could have been better. They lost our luggage. We missed our connection from YVR to Naples when we arrived in Zurich and then we got re-routed to Rome and then Naples. We eventually got to Naples but our bags didn’t. Our experience at the lost luggage in the Naples was not at all reassuring. They didn’t seem that interested in our problem. I did a live chat with Swiss customer service and all they could do is tell me to follow the process. Meanwhile we’ve had to spend significant money on clothes and I have to replace medications. This has meant our trip so far has been totally different than what we had planned. It’s not clear that our baggage will ever show up which means we will have lost significant amount of clothing and other things and our two month trip to Europe will have more problems than good memories. So far we are not happy. Cons: "The TVs in economy class weren’t working and it was an 8 hour flight so it would have been nice to have some entertainment during that time" Pros: "fresh baked bread!" Cons: "fight was delayed almost 4 hours. we were stuck on the plane for over 2 hours before liftoff while technical difficulties were worked out. no compensation offered." Pros: "The crew was polite and continuously offering drinks, headphones and food/snacks. Kept us comfortable and happy during the flight!" Pros: "Bombardier C Series. Most leg room and comfort of any plane" Pros: "The seats were good for a short flight, which this was. No complaints." Pros: "Crew was nice" Cons: "No WiFi on a 12 hour flight, but we could all see the full signal WiFi for the crew, aptly named. LXCrew. Awful to see them using WiFi when we are unable." Cons: "1.5 hour delay departing put a slight damper on this flight but otherwise it was fine." Cons: "Check in was annoying in Paris as we had to go to ticket counter, and then go to a different counter to pay for luggage. Annoyed in the first place to have to pay for 2 checked bags on international flight, but to have to go into three separate lines in order to do so was pouring salt into a wound." Pros: "Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Hand carry was checked 3 different times. Goes to show that Swiss staff doesn’t trust its colleagues to determine if the bag passes muster." Cons: "Seat spacing is small, to the point that it's impossible to remain in the seat few hours without physical pain in your body" Pros: "entrance with classical music! staff was friendly. probably in top 5 flights" Cons: "nothing" Pros: "The crew was friendly and particularly one of the girls was always giving her best" Pros: "I had to pay 75 USD for 3.6 KG extra. Very annal" Pros: "The boarding process was short and quick. Entertainment choices were excellent." Cons: "I was hoping for a more traditional Austrian meal but the food was just fine." Pros: "The crew and the service was excellent. Dinner was excellent. The hot breakfast never came. We were served a roll and one small cup of coffee with no refills. That was my only complaint. On a long overseas flight I think a hot breakfast would have been better than a roll." Pros: "On time" Cons: "I have been selected for additional screening at Vienna airport which was very time consuming and not very pleasant" Pros: "The flight was short and got us there" Cons: "This was not business service. The seats were uncomfortable, virtually no leg room." Cons: "THey denied me and I lost all tickets including back trips as well. Nobody helped me to change tickets, they just care about money and reselling my tickets to other passengers." Pros: "all good." Cons: "austrian airlines female flight attendants have to wear ALL red. it seems a bit much." Pros: "The crew, leg room with seats! The flight crew was extremely nice!!!!" Cons: "Everything was pleasant....I wouldn’t change anything." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and attentive. Seats were very tight and uncomfortable, specially for a 6’3 tall person!" Cons: "Boarding could be a little bit more organized" Pros: "Comfortable plan. crew, at least in our section of the plan was minimally attentive." Cons: "crew could have been more attentive. other then the basic services no one made any effort to see if we wanted anything else." Pros: "Crew was great." Cons: "Check in time took a very long time with a boarding pass." Pros: "Friendly staff. Free drink and snack. Comfy seats and very easy boarding process" Pros: "The flight attendants were wonderful." Cons: "You take a bus to reach the plane and the seats are uncomfortable without any entertainment systems. Thankfully the flight was only 1.5 hours." Pros: "Nothing at all" Cons: "They cancelled my ticket because I missed the second leg of the flight. They didn’t even offer me an option and told me to find my own flight home. I had to pay $1100 on another airline to fly home tomorrow. I will NEVER use Lufthansa again" Pros: "Crew, boarding, seat" Cons: "Paris airport is extremely passenger unfriendly. Better to connect somewhere else" Cons: "The fact that I was re routed that my flight from Paris was late and made me miss my connection." Pros: "It was overall a great flying experience." Cons: "One of my connections was way too short. I almost missed my flight. I had to run!" It would be nice to have vegan options for meals. The entertainment was not working on the the way to Austria. It was only available near the end of flight to Canada. The service was excellent. The business class layout on this plane is tightly packed and atrocious with no sense of privacy. Flight was meant to leave at 8:30pm but there was a 2 hour delay 😞 Airmalta does not include meals in their flights and neither offers entertainment. Pros: "From checkin to luggage collection - the flight was easy and without hassle. We left slightly later than scheduled but arrived slightly earlier than scheduled. Staff from check in to those onboard we polite and professional. The aircraft was clean, bright and appeared in good order." Cons: "Luggage collection took a little while longer than I would have expected - only a minor point, nothing to change airlines for." Cons: "Both times into Rome we had to wait on the tarmac for stairs. Either get more stairs or book fewer flights. The planes get hot in July while you wait endlessly on stairs." Cons: "The flight itself was absolutely fine but we are very unhappy with the what lastminute.com did regarding our tickets. (As you will see when you look at the notes for our case). We shall be seeking legal assistance upon the return from our holiday & contacting you/lastminute.com for compensation." Cons: "Check in was a mess. I paid for a seat but was given a seat at the back. Fortunately, I had the print out and insisted to Ck it." Pros: "Pleasant crew. Clean plane." Cons: "Leaving on time (we were an hour late because of a discrepancy between number of passengers checked and number on board.) Would be nice to have at least a complimentary bottle of water." Pros: "Crew were ok. But flight was delayed and cabin was very warm." Cons: "If airline informs of delays, cooler cabins" Pros: "The seat was really comfortable and I was able to sleep the whole flight with no disturbance" Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Perfectly on time, no hassle, seat OK. This is the way I appreciate a flight." Cons: "Food. No choice, three "madeleine" (sweet) cookies for all, no sugar-free (salty) alternative..." Cons: "The best airline what I was flying so far !! Excellent food, drink, comfort seat, free entertainment with great selection." Cons: "Air France delayed our JFK to CDG flight. That caused us to miss our connection flight afterwards from CDG to MUC. We got a later flight luckily but one of our bags got lost and is still currently lost!!!" Pros: "Flight on time" Cons: "The usual Air France flights to Rome, that I have been flying for years, are now operated by Joon. For a couple months nothing changed, except the way the crew dressed. But now Joon is showing its true nature as a LOW COST airline.Seats cramped. Snacks and apple juice are now available for purchase only." Cons: "I didn’t have time to make it through customs. Missed my flight" Pros: "The crew were nice." Cons: "The boarding process was horrible and it involved climbing down steep stairs from the air tunnel to the tarmac to board a bus that took us to a far distance where the plane was parked. Had to new walk in the sweltering heat to the plane can climb up steep stairs in the heat! We were now kept in the plane for another hour with no aircondotion. It was boiling hot in there. We had to use the safety manuals to fan ourselves. We eventually left late and got to Lagos one and half hours we were meant to get there. Lastly not all the luggage arrived. Two days into my arrival and I am yet to get all my luggage. It was truly a horrible experience which was echoed by fellow passengers." Pros: "In cabin crew was attentive and friendly. Food was good and came at good times. Middle bathroom on Airbus 380 was big and comfy." Cons: "Boarding was not too well organized and I followed Security's direction who put me in wrong line and I wasn't able to board with my priority group. Sitting in exit row with no floor storage so this delay made it hard to find overhead storage above my seat. (Grrrr) Entertainment system didn't work which made the flight feel LOOONG. (They offered an in-flight credit, but I'd paid for premium exit row seat and had to choose between moving to working system in crowded middle seat or keep premium, exit seat. I decided to have them move me to a seat with a working entertainment system, which were available and they'd offered, but never happened.) When I got home, I discovered the gift I purchased with in-flight credit and my own money wasn't the one I'd requested from Duty Free catalog so now I have to figure out how to solve this problem. (COULDN'T GET IT RIGHT.) Premium exit row seat was narrow, due to in-seat tray table & entertainment system, but seatbelt mounts and thinly padded seat made it even more uncomfortable on a long flight." Cons: "There are always delays. Today it was that internet was down." Cons: "Had to check in our underweight small carry on because there was no space left. Left out hotel at 3.15am. A dry croissant did not satisfy three hungry children for breakfast, the coffee was terrible and the seats too close together. Not a good experience." SWISS8.0 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Air Malta7.4 Air France7.4 Book cheap flights from Paris to Rome Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Paris to Rome found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/16Tue 1 stopVueling 8h 15mCDG-FCO $58 Search 3/20Wed 1 stopVueling 13h 40mCDG-FCO $61 Search 1/10Wed 2 stops 13h 45mCDG-FCO $68 Search 2/12Mon 1 stop 10h 00mCDG-FCO $73 Search 2/28Wed nonstopAir France 2h 05mCDG-FCO $98 Search 1/8Mon nonstopITA Airways 2h 05mCDG-FCO $99 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopeasyJet 26h 45mCDG-FCO $100 Search 3/26Tue nonstopITA Airways 2h 00mCDG-FCO $102 Search 12/7Thu 1 stopeasyJet 8h 00mCDG-FCO $106 Search 2/10Sat nonstopAir France 2h 05mCDG-FCO $108 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineVuelingAir FranceITA AirwayseasyJet Search by price$60 or less$70 or less$100 or less$100 or less$110 or less Last minute flights from Charles de Gaulle to Rome Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Paris to Rome that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat nonstopAir France 2h 05mCDG-FCO 12/5Tue nonstopAir France 2h 15mFCO-CDG $185 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAir France 2h 05mCDG-FCO 12/5Tue nonstopAir France 2h 10mFCO-CDG $187 Search 12/1Fri nonstopITA Airways 2h 05mCDG-FCO 12/3Sun nonstopITA Airways 2h 15mFCO-CDG $194 Search 12/3Sun nonstopITA Airways 2h 00mCDG-FCO 12/5Tue nonstopITA Airways 2h 15mFCO-CDG $210 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 4h 15mCDG-FCO 12/13Wed multi-stop 6h 00mFCO-CDG $221 Search 12/2Sat multi-stop 7h 50mCDG-FCO 12/3Sun multi-stop 9h 25mFCO-CDG $230 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopLufthansa 4h 30mCDG-FCO 12/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 6h 00mFCO-CDG $236 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopSWISS 17h 25mCDG-FCO 12/6Wed multi-stopSWISS 12h 55mFCO-CDG $296 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopLufthansa 4h 30mCDG-FCO 12/18Mon multi-stopLufthansa 4h 10mFCO-CDG $301 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSWISS 17h 25mCDG-FCO 12/19Tue multi-stopSWISS 6h 35mFCO-CDG $426 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir FranceITA AirwaysLufthansaSWISS Search by price$190 or less$210 or less$230 or less$300 or less$430 or less Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport - Rome Flights Departure: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)France Return flight deals: Rome - Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Rome $624 Business Class flights to Rome $432 Prem Econ Class flights to Rome $156 Economy Class flights to Rome Browse origins: Flights » Paris » Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport $155Flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Rome Browse destinations: Flights » Rome $155Flights to Rome Fiumicino Airport, Rome Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Rome flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Rome from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Rome from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.