Cheap Flights from San Diego to Manila from $539 | (SAN - MNL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SAN - MNL Find cheap flights from San Diego to Manila from $539 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/15. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Manila These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Diego to Manila. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Diego to Manila. How much is the cheapest flight from San Diego to Manila?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Diego to Manila that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 1:40 pm - 11:55 amSAN-MNL 30h 15m2 stops 1:10 pm - 9:27 pmMNL-SAN 48h 17m2 stops $878Air Canada Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sun, Jan 28 8:30 am - 11:55 amSAN-MNL 35h 25m2 stops 1:10 pm - 9:27 pmMNL-SAN 47h 17m2 stops $945Air Canada Find Deal Fri, Mar 1 - Wed, Mar 20 8:30 pm - 9:35 amSAN-MNL 22h 05m2 stops 4:45 pm - 7:34 amMNL-SAN 29h 49m2 stops $985 Find Deal Mon, Apr 1 - Tue, Apr 23 11:00 am - 9:35 amSAN-MNL 31h 35m2 stops 4:45 pm - 11:02 pmMNL-SAN 45h 17m2 stops $1,019China Airlines Find Deal Mon, Apr 15 - Tue, Apr 30 11:00 am - 9:40 amSAN-MNL 31h 40m2 stops 4:45 pm - 9:59 amMNL-SAN 32h 14m2 stops $1,024China Airlines Find Deal Wed, Mar 13 - Mon, Apr 1 7:15 am - 10:55 amSAN-MNL 36h 40m2 stops 12:20 pm - 6:07 pmMNL-SAN 44h 47m2 stops $1,190Korean Air Find Deal Mon, May 20 - Mon, May 27 6:20 am - 1:35 pmSAN-MNL 39h 15m2 stops 2:50 pm - 5:54 pmMNL-SAN 43h 04m2 stops $1,228ANA Find Deal Thu, Feb 15 - Sat, Feb 24 8:00 pm - 11:25 pmSAN-MNL 35h 25m2 stops 12:55 am - 5:15 pmMNL-SAN 32h 20m2 stops $1,298Korean Air Find Deal Thu, Feb 15 - Thu, Feb 29 8:50 pm - 1:30 pmSAN-MNL 49h 40m2 stops 9:10 am - 2:58 pmMNL-SAN 20h 48m2 stops $1,376ANA Find Deal Sat, May 25 - Sat, Jun 8 9:15 am - 5:45 amSAN-MNL 28h 30m2 stops 9:40 am - 9:45 amMNL-SAN 16h 05m1 stop $1,478Japan Airlines Find Deal Sat, Feb 3 - Fri, Mar 1 Show more results Flights from San Diego to Manila - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Diego to Manila to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Diego to Manila? The average price of all flights from San Diego to Manila clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from San Diego to Manila, you should consider leaving on a Monday and avoid Sundays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to San Diego, you’ll find the best rates on Saturdays and the most expensive ones on Thursdays. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Diego to Manila? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Diego to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Diego to Manila is September, where tickets cost $1,152 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are May and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,941 and $1,835 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Diego to Manila? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Diego to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Diego to Manila, you should book around 2 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 85 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Diego to Manila? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from San Diego to Manila found on KAYAK was with China Airlines for $542. Air Canada proposed a round-trip connection from $878 and Cathay Pacific from $996. How long does a flight from San Diego to Manila take? Flying to Manila from San Diego requires at least one layover, as there are no direct flights for this route. The shortest flight duration is 19h 12m. Good to know Low season August High season February Cheapest flight $539 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 2% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 4% increase in price. Flight from San Diego to Manila When to book flights from San Diego to Manila Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Diego to Manila based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Diego to Manila Are there lounges at Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL)? Yes, there are several lounges at Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport that passengers can utilize their services while waiting for airport transfers. The lounges are mainly airline operated; hence they have different rules and regulations. However, the best part is that the lounges, such as Japan Airline Lounges offer exceptional services such as meals and showers. Also, they are easily accessible and found in almost all the terminals at the airport. Where can I withdraw money at Manila Aquino International Airport (MNL)? There are multiple ATMs at Manila Aquino International Airport that caters to your monetary needs. Therefore, you don't have to panic if you are arriving at MNL and need to withdraw some extra dollars for emergency services. You will find many ATMs, such as American Express, situated at Terminals 1, 2, and 3 of the airport. However, note that when you withdraw money, charges may apply, so ensure to call your bank for fee schedules. Are there hotels near San Diego International Airport? There are multiple hotels located at and near San Diego International Airport where you can spend the night. So, if you have scheduled an early morning flight from SAN Airport and looking for accommodation, look no further than Sheraton San Diego Hotel and Marina. It is found 0.5 miles from the airport and hence easily accessible. Alternatively, depending on your budget, you can spend the at Holiday Inn Express, Wyndham Garden, and many more hotels near SAN. As a result, you will be able to avoid the morning commute. How far is SAN from downtown San Diego? The distance between SAN from downtown San Diego is approximately 3 miles. Using the tram or bus, you can get to the airport in about 38min. Alternatively, a taxi will take approximately 25min for the same distance, but it is a bit expensive. Do I need a passport to fly between San Diego and Manila? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Manila from San Diego. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Diego to Manila? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Diego to Manila? SkyTeam, Star Alliance, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between San Diego and Manila, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Manila from San Diego? Tokyo is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from San Diego to Manila. Which is the best airline for flights from San Diego to Manila, Japan Airlines or Korean Air? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Diego to Manila are Japan Airlines and Korean Air. With an average price for the route of $1,848 and an overall rating of 8.7, Japan Airlines is the most popular choice. Korean Air is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,285 and an overall rating of 8.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Diego to Manila? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Diego to Manila. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Diego to Manila? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Manila from San Diego is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Diego to Manila? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Manila with an airline and back to San Diego with another airline. Booking your flights between San Diego and MNL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Diego to Manila? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Manila from San Diego up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SAN to Manila Take advantage of the nursing suites located in both departure and arrival airports. San Diego Airport (SAN) has nursing suites located at Terminals 1 and 2 of the airport. Nonetheless, Manila Ninoy Aquino Airport (MNL) has nursing suites at Terminals A and B of the airport. The rooms are equipped with electric outlets, soft lighting, and a comfortable seat. You will find at least a pet relief area in San Diego Airport (SAN) located at Terminal 2 for passengers traveling with their four-legged friends. The pet relief areas feature a fire hydrant, pet waste bag, and artificial turf grass. This will help your pet become more comfortable on the flight to MNL. If you are flying through San Diego Airport, there is a comprehensive range of top-notch activities that you can do while waiting to board your flight. Bars, cafes where you can grab something and eat, a working station with charging spots, a complimentary Wi-Fi that you can log into, and shopping stalls. You can do your last-minute shopping at the stalls and grab a souvenir. You can connect to downtown Manila from Manila Ninoy Aquino Airport using public transits such as minibusses, city buses, and express buses. However, the most efficient and fastest way to travel to downtown Manila is using the metro. Bus line 18 connects Terminals 1, 2, and 3 of the airport with stops at car rental shops, parking lots, passenger terminals, and bus stops. MNL offers several services and amenities that you can take advantage of while waiting for airport transfers. You can visit the spa and get yourself a massage to relax your body after a long flight. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from San Diego to Manila See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Diego to Manila. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Diego to Manila? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4663 reviews 84food 90crew 85entertainment 86comfort 88overall 89boarding Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was attentive, food tasted great, the whole experience wasn't anything like the American style companies that try to shake you down for every penny and still get get ripped off." Cons: "The whole experience was great for flying economy long distance. I will 100% be looking for Japan air as an option for any flight I do in the future."Read more about Japan Airlines Pros: "Crew was attentive, food tasted great, the whole experience wasn't anything like the American style companies that try to shake you down for every penny and still get get ripped off." Cons: "The whole experience was great for flying economy long distance. I will 100% be looking for Japan air as an option for any flight I do in the future." Pros: "The crew that checked me and those who were onboard were very helpful and cheerful." Cons: "Better choices of movies on board." Pros: "The crew always smiles and very accomodating." Cons: "The main course could have been better or improve. I wasn’t satisfied with the taste." Cons: "Trip to Manila from Tokyo was delayed for 3hrs plus" Pros: "was not able to board and was checked in 4 hours in advance" Cons: "Be able to select seats online within 24hours of flight for free" Pros: "Very professional staff, smooth boarding process." Cons: "Uncomfortably hot throughout flight. My entertainment system was out of sync, so some movies wouldn't play and the others would link to something completely different. My companion's systems appeared to work fine, so we took turns switching seats to use the one entertainment system." Pros: "Sturdest were very kind" Cons: "There was 2 choices for food either pork or chicken But when I asked for chicken they told us no more chicken Then they took the pork from the tray and I had to eat the rest without the main course. Also all the seats were taken by the people who bought the tickets directly from JAL,but there was few seats left all in the middle for people who purchase tickets from travel agents." Cons: "The fact that my father was diagnosed with Cancer and they wouldn’t refund our 1300.00 for round trip tickets to the Philippines which is our vacation home. The airline required documentation from my fathers doc which I provided. He was not going anywhere for at least a year (radiation and chemo) and the denied even credit.I was able to get my parents tickets refunded by a different airline. NEVER Again. my father passed 8/12/2018. Our trip was scheduled for 9/13/2018. Very disappointing.see" Pros: "This flight was part of a longer trip - I flew from Hartford, CT, USA on a different airline and connected to Japan Airlines in Chicago. I flew Chicago to Tokyo in JAL and then from Tokyo to Manila again on JAL. The service on first leg was very good and friendly of my JAL flights, food was good, seat was comfortable. Then on my second flight from Tokyo to Manila I was shocked but thrilled that I had been given an upgrade to first class. The whole experience was outstanding! The seat was incredibly comfortable and the food was phenomenal. The only problem, not that you could call it a problem, was that I was so comfortable with my fluffy pillow and fully reclining seat that I couldn’t stay awake to finish my movie! Thank you!" Cons: "Not applicable" I was handled by some very rude CSA's in DFW. I was forced to check my carry-on as I was flying economy. You are now allowed only 10 kg total on all carry-on items. As my carry-on was 10 kg, and my backpack was 2 kg, I was made to check my luggage. I find this procedure unfair, as many other passengers in economy CLEARLY had more than 10 kgs. If KA insists this is their policy, then it should be enforced uniformly for everyone. TO INCLUDE Business and First Class. They are allowed 18 kg now. From my perspective....absolutely ridiculous. This was the first time in over 35 years I have been made to check my carry-on. I am EXTREMELY disappointed 😞 My mom so happy to chose Kayak web . We did refer our friends and family use this web. Thanks Pros: "Everything was great!" Cons: "Some announcements were only made in Korean. Would have been nice to have it in English for international flight." Pros: "Thank you for selected me became priority and the Sevice is good.Thanks again." Cons: "I don’t know yet." Pros: "Preference given for those requiring extra help boarding" Cons: "Very narrow seats with very very limited leg room. I’m only 5’4” tall and had no leg room. My sister is 5’11” and had leg cramps from the 4.5 hour flight because of the lack of leg room. Probably time to replace this plane." Pros: "Same as the first flight. Korean flight attendants were very courteous and helpful. Foods ok. We couldn’t afford first or prestige class so we have to trade in our comfort in economy." Cons: "Flight wasn’t as long but if you add up the lay over time, it end up being long." Pros: "Nice bathhroom size" Cons: "I dont like the 2x seating in business, seats are not up to what they should be, i was glad it was a short flight" Cons: "I would have given a 5 Stars for comfort if the cabin temperature is at least cooler not dry. Please please look into it." Cons: "Everything was going well until our bags didn’t show up at our final destination. Big no-no. Just ruined the otherwise pleasant experience" Pros: "Again the crew was pleasant." Cons: "The 747-400 flight had some metal box mounted on the floor under the seat in front of me. I have a bad left hip and was in pain the whole flight because all I could do is keep my left leg in one position. If these boxes are necessary then get those seats more space so it will not be a problem. Put new Monitor screens into the seats." Pros: "The 787 is fantastic. First class feels in the economy. The food offering is also first class. Service is amazing." Cons: "Serve the cold soba for all meals. :) Love it." Pros: "Speeding of departure after boarding" Cons: "Flight delayed again. Flight was delayed due to “preparations “ but the plane was at the gate for 3 hours before boarding. Did not make sense. Flight was warm in the plane." Cons: "Food was great, flight attendant were very friendly and helpful and eager to make sure I was comfortable, ANA rocks as a awesome carrier; my goto airline when it’s time to cross the pacific again" Pros: "The crew was wonderful. Polite and professional. The meals were very good for economy class." Cons: "The seats felt like there was no padding in the seat. The back was fine." Pros: "The crew was amazing. They were all very nice to us." Pros: "everything." Cons: "can not think of anything. Everything was more than i expected.Thank you for my experiance" Pros: "Crew were super attentive. Friendly and helpful. Food was decent. Nice change from standard fare." Cons: "This seemed an older plane so the size of the economy class seating harkened back to the days when your legs were numb halfway through the flight." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "The seats were substantially more cramped than the other flight." Pros: "Crews are very helpful and always have a smile in their face. Comfortable seats and entertainment system are very nice. The only thing that makes us not satisfied was the food, for 10 hours flight there’s only 1 main dish...Totally I like their service." Cons: "The food was not enough, we felt so hungry before arriving." Cons: "Fellow passenger didn't stay in his space , would prefer flight attendant to inform kindly" Cons: "The food was terrible. Only one option and I didn't like it." Pros: "Was amazed because of the Hello Kitty theme in the plane , very friendly staff very worth trip" Cons: "Nothing everything went well" Pros: "nothing" Cons: "airport personells are rude and lazy. airline seats are very unconfortable. flight attendants not very a comodating to seniors like me" Pros: "Despite the short flight, they still served a delicious meal! Great movie and music selections. Would definitely fly them again." Cons: "The only thing that was not the greatest, I think was the ground crew in Manila. It took an unusually long time to get my luggage." Pros: "Pleasant friendly crew. Clean bathrooms." Cons: "Entertainment choices seem to be limited compared to the long haul international flight." Cons: "I didn’t like the last meal that they served. It’s fish fillet with tomato sauce and no other option." Pros: "Was quite nice for a two hour flight. They gave us a free meal again." Cons: "Nothing I didn't like." Pros: "I liked their services the most. All staff and crew were very courteous." Pros: "Got upgraded to their absolutely amazing first (laurel) class. Royal treatment with a smile." No problems upon arriving at Incheon and transferring to Manila. The plane was on time. However you cannot check flight status on the app for updates. Good could have been more palatable. Crew were amazingly. Pros: "Nothing! I was upset the whole trip!" Cons: "They made me cancel my 6 month stay to a 30 day stay when I arrived at the airport, otherwise they would not allow me on the plane! They said I needed a vista for the length of stay which I always get when I am in Manila for the past 8-10 years that I have been going without any prior warning before I confirmed this booking! I was charged $500.00 to change the departure date! Outrageous!" Pros: "More or less the same entertainment selection, so I enjoyed the movies on this one as well." Cons: "The seats were awkward - my body curved inward on the seat." Pros: "Left almost on time arrived early. Baggage transfer was great. Cabin crew provided needed entry forms promptly. Great flight" Pros: "Excellent ethnic Korean food. Attendants were extremely polite and and professional." Cons: "Mass Boarding procedure was inefficient. Same Airline boarding out of Chicago had groups according to sets of row numbers, and was much more efficient. Should use in all cases." Pros: "The back part of the plane was mostly empty, so I moved to an empty row and was able rto stretch out and rest. The attendants were very nice and polite." Cons: "I wish there were more selections of meals." Pros: "Ground staff is helpful." Cons: "Flight from JFK to Korea was delayed for more than two hours. Missed all the succeeding connecting flights. Had to spend close to $300 in order to rebooked our Philippines domestic flights." Pros: "Seats reclined a bit more than other planes which was really nice." Cons: "I didnt get the right seat that i chose when I purchased the ticket" Pros: "The attendants were very nice and the food and drinks service was good." Cons: "The seats are pretty uncomfortable." Japan Airlines8.7 Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 EVA Air8.5 Asiana Airlines8.2 Book cheap flights from San Diego to Manila Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Diego to Manila found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/15Mon 2 stops 44h 00mSAN-MNL $539 Search 2/28Wed 2 stopsChina Airlines 35h 15mSAN-MNL $542 Search 2/28Wed 3 stops 35h 20mSAN-MNL $544 Search 2/29Thu 2 stops 25h 21mSAN-MNL $559 Search 1/15Mon 3 stops 51h 08mSAN-MNL $585 Search 2/11Sun 2 stopsKorean Air 25h 00mSAN-MNL $637 Search 3/7Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 22h 46mSAN-MNL $644 Search 1/9Tue 2 stopsAsiana Airlines 23h 55mSAN-MNL $766 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopJapan Airlines 18h 15mSAN-MNL $1,262 Search 12/19Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 28h 25mSAN-MNL $1,801 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineChina AirlinesKorean AirUnited AirlinesAsiana AirlinesJapan Airlines Search by price$540 or less$560 or less$640 or less$770 or less$1,800 or less Last minute flights from San Diego to Manila Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Diego to Manila that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri multi-stopCathay Pacific 29h 55mSAN-MNL 12/6Wed multi-stopCathay Pacific 26h 04mMNL-SAN $1,203 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 30h 00mSAN-MNL 12/11Mon multi-stop 28h 51mMNL-SAN $1,214 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopChina Eastern 31h 15mSAN-MNL 12/29Fri multi-stopChina Eastern 25h 42mMNL-SAN $1,295 Search 12/1Fri multi-stop 23h 50mSAN-MNL 12/5Tue multi-stop 23h 22mMNL-SAN $1,333 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 39h 55mSAN-MNL 12/11Mon multi-stop 46h 30mMNL-SAN $1,453 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 39h 55mSAN-MNL 12/10Sun multi-stop 27h 50mMNL-SAN $1,456 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopChina Airlines 29h 50mSAN-MNL 12/11Mon multi-stopChina Airlines 22h 55mMNL-SAN $1,623 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopEVA Air 23h 50mSAN-MNL 12/30Sat multi-stopEVA Air 19h 40mMNL-SAN $1,784 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 42h 00mSAN-MNL 12/30Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 24h 30mMNL-SAN $2,275 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 20h 56mSAN-MNL 12/30Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 16h 16mMNL-SAN $2,393 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineCathay PacificChina EasternChina AirlinesEVA AirUnited Airlines Search by price$1,210 or less$1,330 or less$1,460 or less$1,780 or less$2,390 or less San Diego - Manila Flights Departure: San Diego (SAN)United States Destination: Manila (MNL)Philippines Return flight deals: Manila - San Diego Cabin classes: First Class flights to Manila Business Class flights to Manila Prem Econ Class flights to Manila Economy Class flights to Manila Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Diego $878Flights from San Diego to Manila Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Philippines » Manila $878Flights to Manila, Manila Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Oakland Flights to Salt Lake City Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Manila flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Manila from San Diego. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Manila from San Diego. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.