Cheap Flights from Newark Airport to San Francisco from $81 | (EWR - SFO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW EWR - SFO Find cheap flights from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco from $81 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to San Francisco These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to San Francisco. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to San Francisco. How much is the cheapest flight from Newark to San Francisco?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Newark to San Francisco that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:30 am - 6:17 pmEWR-SFO 15h 47m1 stop 6:21 pm - 6:40 amSFO-EWR 9h 19m1 stop $164 Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Jan 10 9:02 am - 6:11 pmEWR-SFO 12h 09m1 stop 6:41 pm - 6:40 amSFO-EWR 8h 59m1 stop $165 Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Wed, Jan 17 6:00 am - 9:40 amEWR-SFO 6h 40mnonstop 2:40 pm - 10:55 pmSFO-EWR 5h 15mnonstop $208United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Wed, Jan 17 5:45 pm - 9:15 pmEWR-SFO 6h 30mnonstop 10:25 pm - 6:59 amSFO-EWR 5h 34mnonstop $213Alaska Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Tue, Aug 6 6:00 am - 9:40 amEWR-SFO 6h 40mnonstop 5:00 am - 3:30 pmSFO-EWR 7h 30m1 stop $218United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Tue, Jan 23 5:45 pm - 9:15 pmEWR-SFO 6h 30mnonstop 8:05 am - 4:40 pmSFO-EWR 5h 35mnonstop $223Alaska Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Thu, Feb 8 2:12 pm - 8:02 pmEWR-SFO 8h 50m1 stop 9:00 am - 8:00 pmSFO-EWR 8h 00m1 stop $234American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Wed, Jan 17 6:00 am - 12:10 pmEWR-SFO 9h 10m1 stop 9:00 am - 8:00 pmSFO-EWR 8h 00m1 stop $235American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sat, Jan 13 6:00 am - 11:33 amEWR-SFO 8h 33m1 stop 6:15 am - 4:59 pmSFO-EWR 7h 44m1 stop $257Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Wed, Feb 7 6:00 am - 11:39 amEWR-SFO 8h 39m1 stop 12:30 am - 11:46 amSFO-EWR 8h 16m1 stop $267Delta Find Deal Sun, Feb 18 - Mon, Feb 26 Show more results Flights from Newark to San Francisco - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Newark to San Francisco to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco? The average price of all flights from Newark Airport to San Francisco clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to San Francisco on a Wednesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Wednesday and avoiding Fridays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Newark Airport to San Francisco? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Newark Airport to San Francisco is February, where tickets cost $273 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $447 and $434 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Newark Airport to San Francisco? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Newark Airport to San Francisco, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 53 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco found on KAYAK was with Alaska Airlines for $104. United Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $208 and Alaska Airlines from $213. Which airlines fly non-stop between Newark Airport and San Francisco? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Newark Airport to San Francisco. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Newark Airport to San Francisco. They are Alaska Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is Alaska Airlines, with the best one-way deal found costing $124. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Alaska Airlines. How many flights are there between Newark Airport and San Francisco per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 14 nonstop flights that take off from Newark Airport and land in San Francisco, with an average flight time of 6h 33m. The most common departure time is 8:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 64 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 22% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Newark Airport and San Francisco? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco take? Direct flights take on average 6h 30m to travel the 2,557 miles between Newark Liberty Airport and San Francisco. What’s the earliest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Newark Airport at 6:10 am and will be landing in San Francisco at 9:45 am. What’s the latest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Newark Airport to San Francisco jets off at 8:20 pm and lands at 11:57 pm. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $81 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 28% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 22% increase in price. Flight from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco When to book flights from Newark to San Francisco Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Newark to San Francisco based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco flights Where do I find the pet relief areas at the Newark Airport (EWR)? Newark Liberty Airport (EWR) offers a variety of pet relief zones to make traveling with pets more convenient. Passengers flying with their furry companions can find these areas located south of the FIS Hall, next to Gate 57, outside Terminal A on the west-side patio, outside Terminal B in the small yard on the south side of the terminal, and near Gate 65. What are the public transport options to Newark Airport? There are several public transport options available to reach Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR). One option is to take an NJ Transit train and transfer to the AirTrain, which connects all airport terminals and provides access to the Newark Airport Rail Station. Another option is to take NJ Transit buses, which run throughout northern and central New Jersey, with some of the bus routes stopping at the airport, including the 62, 67, and 107 buses. Additionally, several private bus and shuttle services operate between EWR and various locations in New Jersey, New York City, and other surrounding areas. Where can I find a peaceful place to spend some time before flying out of Newark Airport? Travelers looking for a peaceful place to spend some time before flying out of Newark Liberty International Airport can head to the meditation area which also features a chapel in Terminal C. The area offers a place of sanctuary to get away from the hustle and bustle of the airport. Are there nursing rooms at San Francisco Airport (SFO)? San Francisco Airport offers private nursing rooms in several locations, including Terminals 1, 2, and 3. Additionally, SFO has six Mamava lactation pods throughout the terminals for added convenience. To access the nursing rooms, travelers can use airport courtesy phones. Can I leave my luggage at San Francisco Airport? San Francisco International Airport (SFO) offers the convenience of luggage storage. The storage rates vary based on the luggage size, and the storage area is located in the International Terminal landside in the Main Hall. Does San Francisco Airport have travel agencies on site? Yes, San Francisco Airport has an on-site travel agency called the Airport Travel Agency which offers a range of services for travelers, like booking flights and hotels. The agency is located in the International Terminal landside, Main Hall, and serves as a one-stop-shop for all travel-related needs. What services does Newark Liberty International Airport have for families? Newark Liberty International Airport has several private nursing suites in each of their terminals. They are free to access and they have comfortable rocking chairs, changing tables, outlets, and running water, making it a private and secure place for parents to take care of their children. Where is there to shop at Newark Liberty International Airport? InMotion Entertainment can be found in Terminal C of Newark Liberty International Airport and sells film and series downloads for travelers to watch during their flight, while Creative Kid Stuff is in Terminal A and offers toys for all ages. Voyage is in the B1 Rotunda and sells travel essentials, such as carry-on suitcases, luggage tags, and portable chargers. Where do I pick up my rental car from San Francisco International Airport? The Rental Car Center at San Francisco International Airport can be accessed from every terminal by taking the AirTrain Blue Line. In the center, you will find offices for several popular rental companies, including Enterprise and Avis. What are some hotels that are close to San Francisco International Airport? If you want to stay in a chic and stylish hotel, book a room at the 4-star Westin, which is less than 1 mi from San Francisco International Airport and a 20m drive from Twin Peaks. For a more affordable lodging option, select the Holiday Inn San Francisco Airport, which is only a 5m drive from the airport and a 22m drive from Golden Gate Park. Do I need a passport to fly between Newark Liberty Airport and San Francisco? A passport is not required to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco. Which airports will I be using when flying from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco? Newark Liberty Airport airport is called Newark and the only airport in San Francisco is San Francisco. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco? American Airlines, JetBlue, Alaska Airlines, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco? The Boeing 777 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Newark Liberty Airport and San Francisco, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco? There are nonstop flights from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Newark to San Francisco, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Newark to San Francisco are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $318 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $358 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to San Francisco from Newark Liberty Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to San Francisco with an airline and back to Newark Liberty Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Newark Liberty Airport and SFO can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to San Francisco? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to San Francisco from Newark Liberty Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from EWR to San Francisco Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $174 or less one-way and $308 or less round-trip. Passengers can always get general answers at the main information counter at the landside of Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR). T1 and T2 also include additional information booths on the ground and airside, and each terminal has a visitor center that can be helpful. Travelers with limited mobility at Newark Airport (EWR) can head to the welcome areas at Terminals A, B, and C, located before security, where they can request a sunflower lanyard. The sunflower informs customer service agents that you might need more time and assistance while traveling. Smarte Carte baggage carts are available at San Francisco International Airport (SFO). Upon arrival, these carts provide a convenient and efficient way to transport your luggage through the airport and to your chosen means of transit with ease. To find non-stop flights from Newark to San Francisco, look for reservations through United, Alaska, or JetBlue Airlines. If you want to save money, consider having a flight with a layover, such as through American or Southwest Airlines. If you have some extra time before your flight from Newark to San Francisco begins boarding, consider going to one of the private lounges at Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR). Art & Lounge can be found in Terminal B and sells passes to travelers from all airlines, while the USO Center is located nearby and is for active military members. For travelers who want to clear their head before their flight takes off, go to the Relax and Recharge area on level 2 of Terminal B in Newark Liberty International Airport. This quiet room contains comfortable chairs and has large windows overlooking one of the main tarmacs, making it a tranquil spot to clear your head. Need to quickly charge your cell phone once you have landed at San Francisco International Airport (SFO)? Look for one of the rapid charging stations that can be found in Terminals 1 and 3. For a small fee, these stations will charge your portable devices up to two times quicker than normal outlets and charging cords. To refresh yourself once your plane has landed, head to Freshen’ Up in the main terminal of San Francisco International Airport. Open 24h a day, guests can spend $25 to have access to a private shower stall for 30m while being provided with towels, shampoo, soap, shower shoes, and a hairdryer. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Newark to San Francisco? Find which airlines fly direct from Newark to San Francisco, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Newark to San Francisco Search Flights Monday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +11 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +12 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +13 more 11 12 Wednesday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +11 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +12 more 10 11 Thursday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +12 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +13 more 11 12 Friday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +11 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +12 more 10 11 Saturday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +11 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +12 more 10 11 Sunday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +11 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +12 more 10 11 See more direct flights Nonstop returns San Francisco to Newark Search Flights Monday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +12 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +13 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +12 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +13 more 11 12 Thursday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +13 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +14 more 12 13 Friday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +11 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +12 more 10 11 Saturday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +13 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +14 more 12 13 Sunday ANA, Air New Zealand, Alaska Airlines, +12 more ANA, Air New Zealand, +13 more 11 12 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Newark to San Francisco See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Newark to San Francisco. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Newark to San Francisco? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 85overall 85boarding 82comfort 79food 88crew 78entertainment Airline reviews Cons: "Flight on time and not wait 30 min on the runway to get to a gate once landed"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "Flight on time and not wait 30 min on the runway to get to a gate once landed" Cons: "Flight delayed by 40 mins, then left 40 mins after scheduled even including the delay, no free in seat entertainment and the wifi was broken. Really not a fun flight overall. Also, please Alaska, get rid of that Cabernet Sauvignon that's sweeter than grape soda. Single worst wine I've ever tasted." Pros: "Crew was great. Seat was comfortable even though in the last row..helped that there was no one in the middle seat." Cons: "Under seat luggage space on aisle seat is smaller than middle and window so is difficult for carry on/leg room." Pros: "Crew were very attentive and hospitable to the crew. I have been flying ASIANA many times and enjoy the flight as well." Cons: "Alaska airlines delayed the flights by at least an hour both ways SFO-Newark. The Alaska terminal at Newark is a very poor experience." Cons: "The entire flight crew was RUDE! Rolling their eyes at passengers constantly no matter what you asked them, shoving drinks at you, snatching trash from you, and rude. Very disappointed in Alaska!" Pros: "Nice blue lighting. Some crew members were nice." Cons: "Some crew members were not very cordial. One totally ran into my mom while my mom was trying to let the middle seat out. Granted the flight attendant was going backwards but she didn’t even apologize. No food on a six hour flight. The seats were really narrow and so was the aisle. Not a fan" Pros: "NOTHING ㅗ" Cons: "GROUND SERVICE. The flight was delayed causing me to miss my connecting flight. The ground staff at BWI said they could do nothing about it. I spent an extra $1000." Pros: "Flight was ok." Cons: "They took away our seats and then gave us new ones but we were separated. My son is 2 and I was t able to sit with him and my wife." Pros: "The crew was great." Cons: "Old plane with very poorly cushioned seats. no entertainment. charges for everything." Pros: "Landed early" Cons: "There were crumbs on my seat when I got there. The plane could not have been cleaned." Pros: "The seats were great and the crew was also good." Cons: "The sound system at the seat I was assigned was not operational." Pros: "Snacks and new interior on A320" Cons: "Almost 4 hour delay and no Wi-Fi. When I complained to JetBlue I received a pathetic $15 credit." Pros: "Love the free WiFi. That was awesome and somewhat unexpected." Cons: "There was no coffee left on board when serving the second round - kind of hard to wake up from a 6 hour flight." Pros: "Crew was nice and accommodating. Plenty of leg room in regular cabin. Good entertainment options.?" Pros: "Jet blue has better leg space than many other domestic flights I have taken. It was very comfortable" Pros: "Loved the variety of food offered, amount of legroom" Cons: "Was awake, just completely skipped over by attendant for drinks" Pros: "Nothing! The flight was delayed until 10:34pm and still we did not board the plane at that time. Then when we finally board the plane a crew member Dan told me my luggage was to big which it was not, and when we landed in Puerto Rico I had to wait so long to get my luggage from the carousel." Pros: "Best food and entertainment availability" Cons: "When we arrived from hawaii to SFO airport we had to exit in order to get our tickets for our next flight (SFO to FLL) and we had to go through security again for this reason. No one around to help, we even called from one of the airport telephones but no one answered." Pros: "The flight was great, the crew was also great. We landed a half hour early which was even better! JetBlue has always been my favorite airline." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and took good care of the passengers" Pros: "Fast flight" Cons: "In one hour flight we could have some drinks and food. Snacks... can’t believe they don’t have any food/alcohol" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The three hour delay, the not having a pilot which delayed us even more, and then reduced service during the flight because they rushed us." Pros: "It is a busy travel day and this flight was unbelievably smooth. The entire crew was competent and friendly." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Nothing worked. Charging station. Tv. They charge for everything. Customer service is poor. I get Way more for my money flying a budget airline!" Cons: "Sat on the runway for over an hour to get the gate. Unacceptable." Pros: "On time" Cons: "Take a long time to taxi to the gate & getting off the plane." Cons: "Our flight was changed/delayed because of smoke detector problems!! We lost a whole day on the trip and we are very upset" Pros: "Was tired and the FA helped me find a row that I could stretch out on and relax. After a long trip from Moscow, the FA's volunteering to help and accommodate a beleaguered traveler was most appreciated!" Pros: "We were not happy with our flight my flight got cancelled 3 times I miss work they need to reimburse us and also reimburses the hotel cuz we had to stay at a hotel because they cancelled our flight three times and then our flight that we went out on Monday was late because of a flight attendant arriving late to the hotel to the airport" Cons: "No inflight entertainment. No free snack. $40 for a carry on!" Pros: "Crew and gate staff very helpful (see below)." Cons: "I needed wheelchair assist at both ends. In each case I was waiting over 30 min. At the departure end there was a danger of missing the flight so one of the gate staff wheeled me, Amina was amazing. Another long wait at SFO. I spent almost as much time waiting for wheelchairs as I did on the flight!" Pros: "It landed early." Cons: "Some complimentary snacks. No extra fee for online check-in. It’s cheaper to you to allow people to check themselves in online than make people check in at the desk that was woefully understaffed. Made it a terrible experience for all" Pros: "Flight attendant Susan was wonderful. Very friendly, professional, and helpful." Cons: "Terrible delays. Charged me $400 for canceling the flight although it’s their mistake for delays. Then i booked Sun Country flight and didn’t make it. They harmed me $200 and gave me vouchers. Spent $1600 in one day to make it to my destination. Horrible experience." Pros: "The flight and boarding were good." Cons: "I'm shocked at what is needed to make a profit these days. Charging $40 for a carry-on bag is absurd. Good thing I read the details at check-in. I did not mind paying $6 for my assigned seat." Cons: "Late departure by 1 hour. Then had to wait 55 minutes at the luggage pick up in SFO" Cons: "They charged for my carrie on! I didnt have o pay when I flu with you guys! I was surprised!!!!!!!!" Cons: "We were fully boarded and then were delayed 1 hour without any explanation. They also had poor in flight service and very uncomfortable seats. No leg room at all and if the person put their seat back the 5 degrees it could move, there was no way to be comfortable because the seat in front presses against my knees." Pros: "The plane was not full so seating was comfortable." Cons: "Check in line was really long. But luckily the terminal was small so I still made it to my flight on time." Pros: "Flight attendants were friendly and thoughtful." Cons: "Seating is too tight. Hard to believe that in 2019, major airlines still have seats without any electrical or UBS outlets for charging devices." Pros: "I like that I made it home alive." Cons: "Everything about Departing and arriving was a Poor experience. I might not be using this particular airline again. 4 Airlines now on my list of do not use." Pros: "nothing" Cons: "Flight crew was an hour late to the flight, whereas customers were waiting for far longer than that." Pros: "Nothing. Just the pilot" Cons: "Everything. Bad communication. 1 h delay. Then 3 hs in the plane. We ran out of gas. 2 more hours taxiing Never seen something similar. I really hope my mileage refund." Pros: "Awesome roomy seat right behind business class. Could not have asked for better! And it was a gorgeous new aircraft." Pros: "I love your entertainment selection. also the comfort of seat and it's on time." Pros: "Got me to where I'm going safely. Crew was nice." Cons: "Flying is painful" Pros: "Landed early" Cons: "The seats were not as good as the ones on my BA flight to Heathrow and then Rome. Also, cross country flight but no in flight entertainment. Arrived early in PHL and American would not let me move up to an earlier PHL-SFO flight since it was a code share booked with BA. Should not be my fault as when booking it indicated all four of my flights were with BA. Once booked it indicated the return flights were code share with AA. American should have allowed me on the earlier flight. That would have opened a seat on the scheduled flight which had people waiting on standby." Pros: "extra leg room but I had to pay for it" Cons: "This should only be used for important communications. And to not offer food on a 6 hour flight is horrible." Pros: "The flight crew was great and it was a very smooth landing." Cons: "Had to pay extra for seats so we could sit together, near the front of the plane (not really, and no bathroom nearby, very small seats with zero legroom). we were delayed twice (40m then 1h10m) then told to go to a different terminal because now our flight WAS leaving on time! so we hauled over there only to be delayed again several times. we know it was a weather thing, but just wish there was more accurate info about when we would actually take off. seats on outgoing flight from SFO to CLT were GREAT, very roomy, comfortable. Coming back- not so much." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Newark to San Francisco Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Newark to San Francisco found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/13Wed 1 stop 15h 47mEWR-SFO $81 Search 1/9Tue 2 stops 25h 01mEWR-SFO $83 Search 1/31Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 30mEWR-SFO $104 Search 1/25Thu nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 30mEWR-SFO $119 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 9h 11mEWR-SFO $127 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 9h 40mEWR-SFO $129 Search 1/30Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 6h 23mEWR-SFO $154 Search 12/11Mon 1 stopDelta 9h 01mEWR-SFO $166 Search 1/12Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 6h 23mEWR-SFO $169 Search 12/8Fri 1 stopDelta 9h 44mEWR-SFO $197 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAlaska AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$80 or less$120 or less$130 or less$170 or less$200 or less Last minute flights from Newark to San Francisco Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Newark to San Francisco that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stop 15h 24mEWR-SFO 12/12Tue multi-stop 8h 33mSFO-EWR $184 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 15h 40mEWR-SFO 12/12Tue multi-stop 8h 33mSFO-EWR $211 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 11mEWR-SFO 12/9Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 18mSFO-EWR $254 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 10h 02mEWR-SFO 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 36mSFO-EWR $255 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 45mEWR-SFO 1/9Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 5h 35mSFO-EWR $373 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 6h 45mEWR-SFO 1/9Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 8h 28mSFO-EWR $393 Search 12/5Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 6h 21mEWR-SFO 12/12Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 39mSFO-EWR $418 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 10h 29mEWR-SFO 12/11Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 23mSFO-EWR $442 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 10h 17mEWR-SFO 12/6Wed multi-stopDelta 8h 04mSFO-EWR $549 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 7h 47mEWR-SFO 12/12Tue multi-stopDelta 8h 04mSFO-EWR $582 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAmerican AirlinesAlaska AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$210 or less$260 or less$390 or less$440 or less$580 or less Newark Liberty Airport - San Francisco Flights Departure: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Destination: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: San Francisco - Newark Liberty Airport Cabin classes: $1,154 First Class flights to San Francisco $1,362 Business Class flights to San Francisco $1,104 Prem Econ Class flights to San Francisco $188 Economy Class flights to San Francisco Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport $137Flights from Newark Airport to San Francisco Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » San Francisco $137Flights to San Francisco, San Francisco Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search San Francisco flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to San Francisco from Newark Liberty Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to San Francisco from Newark Liberty Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.