Cheap Flights from Tampa to Atlanta from $19 | (TPA - ATL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW TPA - ATL Find cheap flights from Tampa to Atlanta from $19 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel sáb 12/30 sáb 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Atlanta These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Tampa to Atlanta, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Tampa to Atlanta, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Tampa to Atlanta?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Tampa to Atlanta that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 1:33 pm - 3:21 pmTPA-ATL 1h 48mnonstop 10:01 pm - 11:37 pmATL-TPA 1h 36mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal qui, jan 18 - dom, jan 21 8:05 pm - 9:46 pmTPA-ATL 1h 41mnonstop 10:54 pm - 12:20 amATL-TPA 1h 26mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal qua, dez 13 - qua, dez 13 8:06 pm - 9:47 pmTPA-ATL 1h 41mnonstop 10:54 pm - 12:20 amATL-TPA 1h 26mnonstop $40Spirit Airlines Find Deal qui, dez 14 - sáb, dez 16 8:05 pm - 9:46 pmTPA-ATL 1h 41mnonstop 10:54 pm - 12:20 amATL-TPA 1h 26mnonstop $41Spirit Airlines Find Deal seg, dez 11 - seg, dez 18 8:05 pm - 9:46 pmTPA-ATL 1h 41mnonstop 10:54 pm - 12:20 amATL-TPA 1h 26mnonstop $42Spirit Airlines Find Deal ter, dez 12 - seg, dez 18 8:05 pm - 9:46 pmTPA-ATL 1h 41mnonstop 10:54 pm - 12:20 amATL-TPA 1h 26mnonstop $43Spirit Airlines Find Deal seg, dez 11 - sáb, dez 16 10:45 am - 12:21 pmTPA-ATL 1h 36mnonstop 6:50 pm - 8:24 pmATL-TPA 1h 34mnonstop $44 Find Deal sáb, jan 20 - sáb, jan 20 8:05 pm - 9:46 pmTPA-ATL 1h 41mnonstop 10:54 pm - 12:20 amATL-TPA 1h 26mnonstop $45Spirit Airlines Find Deal qua, dez 13 - sáb, dez 16 2:52 pm - 4:42 pmTPA-ATL 1h 50mnonstop 5:42 pm - 7:16 pmATL-TPA 1h 34mnonstop $48Frontier Find Deal ter, fev 20 - seg, fev 26 3:48 pm - 5:26 pmTPA-ATL 1h 38mnonstop 1:20 pm - 2:41 pmATL-TPA 1h 21mnonstop $174Delta Find Deal qua, jan 17 - ter, jan 23 Show more results Flights from Tampa to Atlanta - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Tampa to Atlanta to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Tampa to Atlanta? The average price of all flights from Tampa to Atlanta clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Tampa to Atlanta, look for departures on Tuesdays and avoid leaving on a Monday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Atlanta, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Tampa to Atlanta? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Tampa to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Tampa to Atlanta is January, where tickets cost $91 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are November and July, where the average cost of tickets is $141 and $130 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Tampa to Atlanta? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Tampa to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Tampa to Atlanta, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 53 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Tampa to Atlanta? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Tampa to Atlanta found on KAYAK was with Frontier for $19. Frontier proposed a round-trip connection from $38 and Spirit Airlines from $39. Which airlines fly non-stop between Tampa and Atlanta? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Tampa to Atlanta. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Tampa to Atlanta. They are: Delta, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $30 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Tampa and Atlanta per day? Each day, there are between 7 and 14 nonstop flights that take off from Tampa and land in Atlanta, with an average flight time of 1h 38m. The most common departure time is 8:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 81 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Tampa and Atlanta? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Tampa to Atlanta take? The average nonstop flight takes 1h 27m, covering a distance of 407 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Tampa to Atlanta? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Tampa at 5:25 am and will be landing in Atlanta at 7:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from Tampa to Atlanta? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Tampa to Atlanta jets off at 10:40 pm and lands at 12:05 am. Good to know Low season February High season March Cheapest flight $19 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 14% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 2% increase in price. Flight from Tampa to Atlanta When to book flights from Tampa to Atlanta Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Tampa to Atlanta based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Tampa to Atlanta Can I shower at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport? If you’d like to shower upon landing at ATL, The Club at ATL Lounge has shower facilities you can use. Located on the Mezzanine Level of the International Terminal, this paid-entry lounge is open daily from 6:00 am to 10:00 pm. What are the top dining options at Tampa International Airport? At TPA, there’s a wide range of restaurants. For quick bites, you should visit Potbelly Sandwich Shop near Gate E69, Goody Goody near Gate C34, or Pei Wei near Gate 14, while for sit-down dining, you should visit Columbia Restaurant near Gate E68, The Café by Mise en Place near Gate F85, and Four Green Field near Gate E62. If you’d like to enjoy a beer or two, you can do so at Ulele Restaurant and Brewery near Gate C34. How accessible are the airports that serve flights from Tampa to Atlanta? If you’re disabled, note that both TPA and ATL are highly accessible. If you drive to TPA, you can leave your car at the airport till you return, given that it features disabled-parking spaces. In case you have limited mobility, you’ll access all necessary areas and relieve yourself with ease, given that they both boast wheelchairs, elevators, and ADA-compliant restrooms. If you have hearing loss or speech impairment, you can use the Teletypewriters (TTY) at the airports to communicate with your loved ones. What are the public transit options from downtown Tampa to Tampa International Airport? If you’re on a budget, take a Hillsborough Area Regional Transit bus to travel to TPA from Downtown Tampa. Available hourly, HART buses travel from the Kenny Boulevard Station to TPA in 27 minutes. If you have lots of luggage or are not near the Kenny Boulevard Station, take a taxi, provided by several local companies and a number of ride-hailing apps. Which airlines serving flights from Tampa and Atlanta are considered top eco-friendly airlines? Delta and JetBlue are the most eco-friendly airlines among the air travel companies that offer flights from Tampa to Atlanta. This is because they currently have the best-sustained efforts to minimize their carbon footprints. Where can I get assistance at Tampa International Airport? If you need help with your airport paging, directions, or flight status, check out the Information Boards on Levels 2 and 3 of TPA’s Main Terminal. For general airport queries, visit the information kiosk in the center of Level 3 of the Main Terminal. This kiosk, staffed with Guest Experience Representatives, operates daily from 4:00 am to 11:30 pm. What are the nonstop flight options from Tampa to Atlanta? Because these are two large cities and two very busy airports, it is no surprise that there are several nonstop flight options between these two cities. Both Delta Air Lines and Frontier Airlines offer nonstop service between these two cities. Because Atlanta is a hub for Delta Air Lines, they offer quite a few daily nonstop flights. What is a good choice for a hotel that is close to the airport in Atlanta? Options for hotels that have a location right near the airport entrance include the Comfort Inn Atlanta Airport, the Microtel Inn by Wyndham Atlanta Airport, and the Days Inn by Wyndham College Park Airport Best Road. Is there a good public transportation option to get from the airport in Atlanta to the city? The airport offers connections to the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) train system. There are four different lines that run in the system with two of the lines making stops at the airport and then connecting to the other two lines, meaning that practically any location in the Atlanta area is accessible from the airport. The fare to ride these trains is around $2.50. If someone will be driving me to the airport in Tampa, is it OK for them to drop me off at the terminal building? It is perfectly acceptable for vehicles to arrive at the departures area in front of any terminal building so long as they are actively unloading passengers and their luggage. It is important to note that leaving vehicles unattended risks having the vehicle towed away. The airport suggests that if drivers need more time with passengers, they utilize the short-term garage. Do I need a passport to fly between Tampa and Atlanta? A passport is not required to fly from Tampa to Atlanta. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Tampa to Atlanta? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Tampa to Atlanta flight route: Delta, JetBlue, Cape Air, Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, and Spirit Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Tampa to Atlanta? The Boeing 757 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Tampa to Atlanta flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Tampa to Atlanta? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Tampa and Atlanta. On which days can I fly direct from Tampa to Atlanta? There are nonstop flights from Tampa to Atlanta on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Tampa to Atlanta, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Tampa to Atlanta are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $254 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $378 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Tampa to Atlanta? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Tampa to Atlanta. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Tampa to Atlanta? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Atlanta from Tampa is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Tampa to Atlanta? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Atlanta with an airline and back to Tampa with another airline. Booking your flights between Tampa and ATL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Tampa to Atlanta? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Atlanta from Tampa up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from TPA to Atlanta Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $96 or less one-way and $225 or less round-trip. If you’re flying to Atlanta with your baby, you can comfortably breastfeed him/her at one of Tampa International Airport’s (TPA) nursing rooms. Equipped with comfortable seating, power outlets with USB ports, changing tables, and sinks, they’re found in the Main Terminal, Airside E, and Airside F. Suppose you’re set to depart for Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) early in the morning. To avoid missing your flight, consider spending your night at the Marriott Tampa Airport, given that this establishment is inside the main terminal and accessible from the Transfer Level. At TPA and ATL, you can partake in your prayers in a quiet and serene environment. This is because both airports feature exclusive prayer rooms. TPA has one chapel on the Transfer Level. On the other hand, ATL has three interfaith prayer rooms. One is on the 3rd floor of the Atrium, another is behind Martin Luther King Junior Exhibit in Concourse E, and the final one is on the 2nd floor of Concourse F. One thing that might surprise travelers about Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport is the number of art installations located there. There is artwork that you can see in the pre-security area and in the Transportation Mall, as well as several art installations found throughout all of the concourses of the terminal buildings. In fact, this collection of art is one of the largest public art collections in the southeastern United States. If you are going to be driving your own car to the Tampa International Airport (TPA), they have several different options for you to park your car. Their economy garage costs around $12 per day and their long-term garage costs around $20 per day. If someone will be driving to pick you up at the Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport (ATL), the airport suggests that they wait for you in their free cell phone lot that sits just a short drive from the airport terminal building. If you need somewhere to relax before your flight to Atlanta, the Tampa International Airport offers both a Delta Air Lines Delta Sky Club and an American Airlines Admirals Club for your convenience. The Delta Sky Club sits at Airside E and the Admirals Club has a location in Airside F. If you will be bringing your pet along for your flight, the Tampa International Airport states that pets can enter the terminal building so long as they are on a leash or in an approved pet carrier. There are also relief areas located beyond security. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Tampa to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson? Find which airlines fly direct from Tampa to Hartsfield-Jackson, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Tampa to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Tampa Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +8 more Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Tampa to Atlanta See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Tampa to Atlanta. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Tampa to Atlanta? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29954 reviews 81boarding 78comfort 85crew 78entertainment 81overall 75food Airline reviews You lost my luggage!!! How frustrating!!! Now they can’t find one of our bags!!!! I really don’t have time for this!!!Read more about Delta You lost my luggage!!! How frustrating!!! Now they can’t find one of our bags!!!! I really don’t have time for this!!! Pros: "Delta has the best flight crew! Couldn’t ask for a better airline!" Cons: "Provide blanket and pillow in first" Pros: "Crew was great. Planes with built in TV was even better." Cons: "One really obnoxious kid kept screaming the entire time. Instead of charging for earbuds maybe give them out for those of us that don’t have any." Pros: "Everything. Food, staff, checking in. All were great" Cons: "Would have preferred they let me choose a window seat. I wasn’t given the option" Pros: "Crew was great as always. Friendly and professional" Cons: "We had a delay that complicated our getting home but all ended up OK" Pros: "First time flying into Daytona and it was super easy." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Everything. Flight got delayed, luggage was sent before i boarded the plane. Terrible service of Delta. Never again using Delta or going to Atlanta. Wasted two days already from my vacation..." Pros: "Nice ride, entertainment available and arriving a little early was a plus." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Wouldn’t let us take our carry-on because they had overbooked and had no more room in overhead. Delayed our first flight and then our connecting flight left *early*. (If you know you have customers with short connections, why leave early to make their connections even shorter?) Then told us they would not pay for our hotel since it wasn’t their fault. Gave us a “discount” with a nearby hotel that was more expensive than what you could book it for online. Had to wait several hours for them to get us back the carry-on luggage that they insisted we check in the first place." Pros: "Flight crew was excellent" Cons: "Didn't serve snacks with peanuts because someone one board had a peanut allergy" Pros: "The crew was very pleasant and the flight was comfortable." Cons: "I don’t understand the concept of the ability to use your mobile device for entertainment, yet not having a power source to charge your device." Pros: "Nice seats with plenty of leg room. Friendly crew. Smooth flight." Pros: "Flight cancelled after multiple delays. Huge line with single agent to rebook everyone" Pros: "Ummm . . . the colors?" Cons: "10 years ago, American was a great airline. It has just gone down and down. The flight attendants are miserable, grabbing things out of your hand when they come to collect stuff before landing. No smiles, no grace. The plane was old, but also poorly cleaned between flights, so the bathrooms on our LAX-Atlanta flight smelled of urine from minute 1--you can imagine how they smelled by the time we landed. There was trash in my seat-back pocket when I took my seat. Supposedly food was available for purchase, but I couldn't activate the food menu, only the drinks menu, on my little seatback screen, so I just waited until I got to Atlanta to eat." Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "Old plane, prezels are boring, it was cold during the flight" Pros: "Crew was great..." Cons: "Nothing really off...just wish there were outlets for recharging devices. Thanks!" Pros: "Fast and much more efficient than the previous leg of our trip" Cons: "Missed flight in DFW. All other flights full. Had to reroute thru Miami" Pros: "Nothing!" Cons: "I never felt like writing a review but I feel like I should let other families with little ones know. My wife, 2 year old son, and I was boarding at the gate and they couldn't scan my son's boarding pass. They quickly went over to the computer station and gave my son another pass. We went to our seats and found out someone else is in our 2year old seat. Apparently they gave the seat to someone else at the last second because up to the point when I printed our boarding passes at the kiosk, our seats were still together (and I paid $41/per seat extra to try to keep us together). The other customer was nice enough to switch with our son so were able to stay together at the last min so it goes to show AA priority and service." Pros: "Nothing!!!!" Cons: "If I actually got to fly with United Airlines instead of having to purchase an additional ticket and fly with American Airlines." Pros: "Free snacks. But prob only cuz I got the cheapest option." Pros: "The flight attendants were very courteous." Cons: "Seats are way too close together. I am 6’ tall and if I wasn’t sitting with my rear pressed against the back of the seat, my knees were jammed into the seat in front of me. Zero elbow room. I’m fairly skinny and still thank god I had the aisle seat because with arms at my sides, my shoulders touched the small woman next to me and stuck into the aisle so that when the drink cart came by I had to physically lean toward the windows to get out of the way. No entertainment unless paid for, which is fine, except that the flight attendant and the announcements both stated that at least a movie was included. Outdated jet. No where to charge anything. Couldn’t work on my computer because to type, my elbow took up most of the other persons seat." Pros: "Quiet flight." Cons: "Our luggage didn’t make it to us in its entirety." Pros: "Everything went good. Crew was professional, flight was on time" Pros: "Our Flight Attendant was Hilarious. Made the trip very Relaxing" Pros: "The flight wasn't too packed." Cons: "My husband and I flew from Newark to Atlanta on 03/12/2017 with United. My husband is active duty military and Alicia assisted us with checking in our baggage. She was very kind and helpful. After retrieving our tickets, we went through Security and my goodness, the process at Newark is awful and TSA WAS EXTREMELY RUDE. That's besides the point. Our flight was delayed because the pilot was not there. Our departure was at 0605 and we didn't leave until 0630. Everyone boarded the plane and we were waiting for the pilot. Then the crew members were pretty rude and not friendly. I know it's an early bird flight but jeez, they can be a little nicer. One stewardess had high heel boots and literally would stomp up and down the aisle. Then she kept saying my purse was not under my seat which it clearly was. I don't know where else she'd like me to put it, maybe in the passengers seat in front of me. I would probably not fly United unless I have no other choice." Pros: "All was handled beautifully!! Great flight and we arrived early!!" Pros: "On board entertainment was great." Cons: "For the second flight in a row, our flight was over 2 1/2 hours late. In fact, this flight was three hours late, including the maintenance issues that cropped up once we were all boarded. This came after a 2 1/2 hour wait due to a different maintenance issue with the plane. The gate attendant was extremely uneducated regarding the issue, and how long it would take to resolve. For over an hour, he told us that the plane was taxiing from the hanger. Assuming the hanger was at the same airport we were, I seriously doubt this was the case." Cons: "The plane was full I was given a seat assignment. Why was it when I got to my seat a child was sitting in the seat and the flight attendant states "oh I was handling that we need to get u a seat of hers one sit here" at the back off the plane by the restroom and food area. It maybe good for staff but I paid almost $300 for a tkt to be told oh here a seat sit here. No accommodation was made for the seating switch . No I was not looking for first or business class just to be asked would have been nice" Took 60 minutes to find an open gate at Atlanta Hartsfield airport after landing. Making passengers wait 60 minutes is poor planning and gate management. Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "Frontier has actually become less comfortable than Spirit. And your bag charges are outrageous." Pros: "The crew was very nice" Cons: "It was difficult hearing when the captain was giving announcements." Pros: "I have never flown Frontier. Everything was smooth. Crew was friendly and helpful. Did not purchase food items on plane and there is no entertainment but I knew that booking the flight. I sat in the 3rd row and had a reclining chair and plenty of leg room. Bags checked easily and in baggage claim fairly quickly. Frontier has a new fleet of planes and this plane was very clean and newer. I will fly frontier again. Price is right and great expierence. What more can you ask for?!" Pros: "It was a newer plane, clean, staff was very courteous. There was not any entertainment and I did not purchase any food items. Over all it was my first flight on Frontier and it was fantastic." Pros: "I loved when I got to my destination so that I was able to get off this plane." Cons: "After having chose a seat weeks in advance I show up to board and realize my seat is the Very back at 41C. No window, dark, and right near the bathroom so it smelled awful" Pros: "The actual price was very good, but the seat and bag fees were disappointing." Cons: "I don’t care if there’s food or not, but nobody should have to pay for a seat or luggage." Cons: "A little cramped and you should be more upfront about a dumb fee of $45 for a carry on. I thought I was getting a good deal on a flight but I guess I was wrong. I will probably fly with an airline that doesn’t charge you for something that should be free from now on" Pros: "The crew personnel aboard the plane was friendly and the seats confortable." Cons: "They made me pay $45 for a 16 inches carry on back that I have as my only luggage , because according to the counter employee, my handbag (purse) was too big so it was considered as a second carry on. I requested a waiver, because I’m an Army Veteran, a senior citizen, but it was denied by the counter employee." Cons: "First the seats are the most uncomfortable metal chairs wrapped with material I've ever sat in. A 20 minute flight I could handle but after four hour flight my back hurt. You ask to review entertainment and food...why? You offer nothing substantial for either one." Pros: "That the flight is over." Cons: "The crew didn’t have enough rest because they were short fused. We had two delays and no compensation or correct information was communicated." Cons: "Gate agent was rude during randomly approaching me to ask about bags. Feel free to contact me for more details regarding this interaction. Upon landing, our gate was occupied and somehow an additional plane was being given access to the soon-to-be vacant gate before us. Flight steward was funny and tactful with dealing with a customer's complaint about idling engine noise as we waited on our gate, but I could definitely sense the tension between the two, and the nonexistent desire of the stew to deescalate the situation, but rather, antagonize the guest a bit in reprimanding him for his complaint." Pros: "I didn't get on the flight." Cons: "I did not receive an email or text so that I could get a boarding pass. Spirit's site would not let me check in. It said it didn't recognize my password. I reset the PW,but no email arrived. So, I called Spirit. There was no option to check-in. I finally got a human, who said they could NOT check me in. I arrived at the airport 50min before the flight. After waiting in the kiosk line, it didn't recognize my Confirmation#. After using my name, I was able to get a print out, but it said too late!! 40min before take off and I did not get to board." Pros: "The staff on the plane did their jobs effectively. The flight was smooth and pleasant enough." Cons: "The almost two hour delay" Pros: "Inexpensive and affordable" Cons: "They seemed to be trying to upcharge at every turn." Pros: "The flight was only delayed by about 20 minutes this time around. The flight crew as well as the other Spirit employees were courteous, polite and pleasant." Cons: "After multiple delays, they could have at least offered us a soda." Cons: "The flight was an hour late, once we landed we sat waiting 40 minutes or more, waiting for a gate to be open. My seat was comfortable and the flight was smooth, thank you." Pros: "Had t ocancel flight and wanted to rescehedule. Told too bad your stuck," Pros: "There was lots of chairs to sit in and room to move. We loved the amount of charging stations that there were." Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Tampa to Atlanta Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Tampa to Atlanta found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/13qua nonstopFrontier 1h 44mTPA-ATL $19 Search 12/11seg nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 41mTPA-ATL $20 Search 12/7qui nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 41mTPA-ATL $23 Search 12/11seg nonstopFrontier 1h 47mTPA-ATL $24 Search 12/5ter nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 41mTPA-ATL $28 Search 12/5ter nonstopFrontier 1h 44mTPA-ATL $29 Search 1/1seg 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 49mTPA-ATL $139 Search 12/8sex 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 8h 43mTPA-ATL $185 Search 2/2sex 3 stopsUnited Airlines 24h 08mTPA-ATL $227 Search 1/29seg 3 stopsUnited Airlines 19h 13mTPA-ATL $233 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$20 or less$20 or less$30 or less$190 or less$230 or less Last minute flights from Tampa to Atlanta Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Tampa to Atlanta that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4seg nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 41mTPA-ATL 12/7qui nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 26mATL-TPA $48 Search 12/2sáb nonstop 1h 38mTPA-ATL 12/8sex nonstop 1h 34mATL-TPA $57 Search 12/2sáb nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 38mTPA-ATL 12/4seg nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 26mATL-TPA $58 Search 12/3dom nonstopFrontier 1h 43mTPA-ATL 12/8sex nonstopFrontier 1h 34mATL-TPA $67 Search 12/2sáb nonstopFrontier 1h 44mTPA-ATL 12/4seg nonstopFrontier 1h 35mATL-TPA $86 Search 12/5ter multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 07mTPA-ATL 12/7qui multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 01mATL-TPA $364 Search 12/4seg multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 07mTPA-ATL 12/7qui multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 42mATL-TPA $381 Search 12/4seg nonstopSouthwest 1h 30mTPA-ATL 12/7qui nonstopSouthwest 1h 25mATL-TPA $387 Search 12/4seg multi-stopSouthwest 5h 45mTPA-ATL 12/7qui nonstopSouthwest 1h 25mATL-TPA $397 Search 12/2sáb nonstopDelta 1h 39mTPA-ATL 12/2sáb nonstopDelta 1h 27mATL-TPA $592 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesSouthwestDelta Search by price$60 or less$70 or less$360 or less$390 or less$590 or less Tampa - Atlanta Flights Departure: Tampa (TPA)United States Destination: Atlanta (ATL)United States Return flight deals: Atlanta - Tampa Cabin classes: $819 First Class flights to Atlanta $760 Business Class flights to Atlanta $453 Prem Econ Class flights to Atlanta $59 Economy Class flights to Atlanta Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Tampa $38Flights from Tampa to Atlanta Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $38Flights to Atlanta, Atlanta Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Philadelphia Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Providence Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Atlanta flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Atlanta from Tampa. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Atlanta from Tampa. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.