Cheap Flights from Honolulu to Manila from $290 | (HNL - MNL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW HNL - MNL Find cheap flights from Honolulu to Manila from $290 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/23. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Manila These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Honolulu to Manila. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Honolulu to Manila. How much is the cheapest flight from Honolulu to Manila?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Honolulu to Manila that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:50 am - 1:05 pmHNL-MNL 34h 15m1 stop 4:45 am - 9:20 amMNL-HNL 22h 35m1 stop $626 Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sat, Feb 17 11:35 am - 1:05 amHNL-MNL 19h 30m1 stop 6:00 am - 6:50 amMNL-HNL 18h 50m1 stop $633 Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Sat, Jan 27 4:05 pm - 5:35 amHNL-MNL 19h 30m1 stop 11:25 pm - 10:50 amMNL-HNL 29h 25m1 stop $847Japan Airlines Find Deal Tue, May 14 - Tue, Jun 11 4:05 pm - 5:35 amHNL-MNL 19h 30m1 stop 11:25 pm - 9:55 amMNL-HNL 28h 30m1 stop $848Japan Airlines Find Deal Mon, May 27 - Mon, Jun 10 11:15 am - 4:10 pmHNL-MNL 10h 55mnonstop 5:30 pm - 9:30 amMNL-HNL 10h 00mnonstop $868Philippine Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Tue, Mar 5 11:40 am - 4:30 pmHNL-MNL 10h 50mnonstop 5:30 pm - 9:50 amMNL-HNL 10h 20mnonstop $877Philippine Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 2 - Tue, May 14 11:10 am - 10:35 amHNL-MNL 29h 25m1 stop 11:45 pm - 9:30 amMNL-HNL 27h 45m1 stop $923Asiana Airlines Find Deal Sun, Mar 31 - Sun, Apr 28 11:10 am - 10:30 pmHNL-MNL 17h 20m1 stop 11:45 pm - 9:30 amMNL-HNL 27h 45m1 stop $929Asiana Airlines Find Deal Sun, Apr 14 - Thu, Apr 25 11:45 am - 11:00 amHNL-MNL 29h 15m1 stop 11:30 pm - 10:55 amMNL-HNL 29h 25m1 stop $950Korean Air Find Deal Thu, Feb 22 - Wed, Jun 5 12:35 pm - 10:55 amHNL-MNL 28h 20m1 stop 11:30 pm - 10:00 amMNL-HNL 28h 30m2 stops $962Korean Air Find Deal Tue, Apr 2 - Tue, May 14 Show more results Flights from Honolulu to Manila - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Honolulu to Manila to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Honolulu to Manila? The average price of all flights from Honolulu to Manila clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Manila on a Wednesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Saturday is the most expensive day to fly from Honolulu to Manila. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Sunday and avoiding Tuesdays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Honolulu to Manila? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Honolulu to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Honolulu to Manila is October, where tickets cost $1,021 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,456 and $1,451 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Honolulu to Manila? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Honolulu to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Honolulu to Manila, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 76 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Honolulu to Manila? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Honolulu to Manila found on KAYAK was with Japan Airlines for $458. Japan Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $847 and Philippine Airlines from $868. Which airlines fly non-stop between Honolulu and Manila? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Honolulu to Manila. There is just one airline that flies from Honolulu to Manila direct and that is Philippine Airlines. The best one-way deal found from Philippine Airlines for the route is $926. How many flights are there between Honolulu and Manila per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Honolulu and lands in Manila, with an average flight time of 10h 55m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 5 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Honolulu and Manila? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Honolulu to Manila take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Manila from Honolulu is typically 10h 50m. The journey crosses a distance of 5,292 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Honolulu to Manila? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Honolulu at 11:15 am and will be landing in Manila at 4:10 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Honolulu to Manila? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Honolulu to Manila jets off at 11:15 am and lands at 4:10 pm. Good to know Low season September High season December Cheapest flight $290 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 13% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 21% increase in price. Flight from Honolulu to Manila When to book flights from Honolulu to Manila Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Honolulu to Manila based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Honolulu to Manila Are there any airport lounges at the Honolulu and Manila Airports? There are lounges available at both the Honolulu and Manila Airports. For entrance, many require that you have a ticket with a certain airline. However, some lounges will let you purchase a pass for the day. Some amenities that you can enjoy with a lounge pass include complimentary drinks, reading materials, snacks, and television. How do I get from the Manila Airport into the city? The airport is about 5.5 miles from downtown. To get there, you can catch a taxi outside of the arrival hall. You can also catch a bus into the city. The bus picks up passengers outside of Terminal 1's arrival hall. This is the most inexpensive mode of transportation. What is there to do on my layover in Tokyo? When flying from Honolulu to Manila, you'll likely have a layover at either Tokyo's Narita or Haneda airports. You can kill some time by visiting the museum at Haneda Airport. It is in Terminal 2 on the third floor and features a variety of artwork including art and artifacts. If your layover is at Narita, there is a small art gallery in Terminal 1 where you can see lots of paintings and photography. What tourist towns are close to the Manila-Ninoy-Aquino International Airport (MNL)? Flying into the Manila Airport will put you less than 10 miles from many popular destinations in the Phillippines. This includes the city of Pasay (with a lively nightlife), Parañaque (a seaside city), San Juan (a beach town), and Makati City (a big city with skyscrapers, museums, and art galleries). Do I need a passport to fly between Honolulu and Manila? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from Honolulu to Manila? When flying out of Honolulu you will be using Honolulu. You will be landing at Manila, also known as Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Honolulu to Manila? The Airbus A330-300 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Honolulu to Manila flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Honolulu to Manila? You can catch a nonstop flight from Honolulu to Manila on on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from Honolulu to Manila, Japan Airlines or Korean Air? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Honolulu to Manila are Japan Airlines and Korean Air. With an average price for the route of $1,109 and an overall rating of 8.7, Japan Airlines is the most popular choice. Korean Air is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,097 and an overall rating of 8.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Honolulu to Manila? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Honolulu to Manila. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Honolulu to Manila? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Manila from Honolulu is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Honolulu to Manila? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Manila with an airline and back to Honolulu with another airline. Booking your flights between Honolulu and MNL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Honolulu to Manila? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Manila from Honolulu up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from HNL to Manila Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $678 or less one-way and $1,023 or less round-trip. When landing at the Manila Airport (MNL), you can exchange your U.S. dollars for the Philippine peso in the arrival hall. You can also exchange your peso for dollars in the departure hall on your way back home. Are you visiting friends or family in Manila? You can freshen up at the Manila-Ninoy-Aquino International Airport (MNL) before they pick you up. There is a bathroom with a shower in Terminal 1 and in the Wings Lounge in Terminal 3. Getting around the Honolulu Airport (HNL) is easy with the Intra-Airport Transportation System. Hop on this free shuttle to get from one area of the airport to another. Watch for signs to tell you where you can catch the shuttle. If you're driving yourself to the Honolulu Airport, you should park in the International Parking Garage which has eight floors and plenty of parking spaces. This garage links directly to the International Terminal. Grab a bite to eat before boarding the plane at the Honolulu Airport. There are many popular restaurants like Burger King, California Pizza Kitchen, Quiznos, and Cold Stone Creamery throughout the airport. There is an information desk at the NAIA Manila Airport near the arrival hall. Here you can find information about hotels, transportation, places to eat, and local attractions. All international flights depart from and arrive in Terminal 1 at the Manila Airport (MNL). If you don't want to walk through the airport, there is a shuttle that runs from one terminal to another. It runs about every 15min. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Honolulu to Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Honolulu to Ninoy Aquino Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Honolulu to Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl Search Flights Tuesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Thursday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Friday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Saturday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Sunday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines See more direct flights Nonstop returns Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl to Honolulu Search Flights Tuesday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Thursday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Friday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Saturday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines Sunday Philippine Airlines Philippine Airlines See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Honolulu to Manila See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Honolulu to Manila. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Honolulu to Manila? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 89boarding 84food 85entertainment 86comfort 88overall 90crew Airline reviews Pros: "The crew that checked me and those who were onboard were very helpful and cheerful." Cons: "Better choices of movies on board."Read more about Japan Airlines Pros: "The crew that checked me and those who were onboard were very helpful and cheerful." Cons: "Better choices of movies on board." Cons: "Trip to Manila from Tokyo was delayed for 3hrs plus" Pros: "the selection of beverages and the crew are very friendly and helpful" Cons: "Selection of entertainment" Cons: "The person who assisted me to check in didn’t even know about Global entry..." Pros: "was not able to board and was checked in 4 hours in advance" Cons: "Be able to select seats online within 24hours of flight for free" Pros: "Standard JAL. No hassles, nice, clean, friendly. Makes Hawaiian airlines look so Bad!" Cons: "N/A" Cons: "The fact that my father was diagnosed with Cancer and they wouldn’t refund our 1300.00 for round trip tickets to the Philippines which is our vacation home. The airline required documentation from my fathers doc which I provided. He was not going anywhere for at least a year (radiation and chemo) and the denied even credit.I was able to get my parents tickets refunded by a different airline. NEVER Again. my father passed 8/12/2018. Our trip was scheduled for 9/13/2018. Very disappointing.see" Pros: "This flight was part of a longer trip - I flew from Hartford, CT, USA on a different airline and connected to Japan Airlines in Chicago. I flew Chicago to Tokyo in JAL and then from Tokyo to Manila again on JAL. The service on first leg was very good and friendly of my JAL flights, food was good, seat was comfortable. Then on my second flight from Tokyo to Manila I was shocked but thrilled that I had been given an upgrade to first class. The whole experience was outstanding! The seat was incredibly comfortable and the food was phenomenal. The only problem, not that you could call it a problem, was that I was so comfortable with my fluffy pillow and fully reclining seat that I couldn’t stay awake to finish my movie! Thank you!" Cons: "Not applicable" Pros: "Very smooth ticketing and boarding on Tokyo to Manila." Cons: "In LA terminal, instead of the gate number the airport labeled my flight as “TBIT.” Not being local, I had no way of knowing it meant Tom Bradley International Terminal. I stayed near another gait that had international flights, and it turned out the gate was clear on the other side of the complex, which is obscured by construction. If I hadn’t asked one of the workers there I would have missed my flight." Pros: "Everything was great!" Cons: "Some announcements were only made in Korean. Would have been nice to have it in English for international flight." Pros: "The first meal was awesome! The second one was so-so." Pros: "Food was good." Cons: "Not enough soft drinks and ice has to be asked for." Cons: "Being notified in advance that the flight was going to be delayed 40 minutes instead of waiting until the scheduled boarding time to say there was a delay and the delay time was undetermined." Pros: "Plane in excellent condition. Service outstanding." Cons: "Nothing special about the food, but it's not a big deal. Would fly them again." Pros: "The crew was awesome. They were attentive. The always said they were sorry as the went down the aisle with the cart. They made sure they didn’t disturb you while you were sleeping. The food was awesome. I can’t explain it you have to go on a trip with them and experience it." Cons: "Seats could always be more comfortable." Pros: "service/food excellent" Cons: "old aircraft with outdated and worn 'cradle' seats that are hard to find these days. Unlike claimed it is not a flatbed type." Pros: "The airline accommodated by request for special meal with a very good seafood meal at each serving." Cons: "Touchscreen did not work on the entertainment; everything had to be controlled from the remote control." Pros: "The crew was the best we’ve flown with bar none! We were in economy class but by the attention we received from the flight attendants , the food we were served & entertainment offered we felt like first class passengers! We highly recommend this airlines! We were very impressed and pleased from beginning to end!" Cons: "Everything was going well until our bags didn’t show up at our final destination. Big no-no. Just ruined the otherwise pleasant experience" Pros: "We had to come home 2 weeks early due to the virus, and Singapore airlines were brilliant at changing the flights. Even got upgraded to the extra leg room for free" Cons: "The extra leg room seats were naff, I like getting comfy in a chair and these ones were not. The screen was too far away and the arm rests didn’t move. Also, due to my partner having to swap seats, I was sat on my own next to strangers. They slept the whole way, so the crew never disturbed them meaning I missed out on food and drinks, even when asked" Pros: "Three of us were sitting separately. Airline is able to accommodate us so that we get to sit together in a section where there is extra leg room." Pros: "crew was pushing , no time in an rush all the time" Cons: "service level" Pros: "I liked that on the longest leg of my trip - I had an entire row to myself to stretch out. Im old, things like that are important...along with compression socks...haha!" Cons: "I think the food - I dont know exactly what, because we're on a plane - but I think it could be a bit more appealing? More greens, colors? Not sure, but it was okay." Pros: "The help desk employees who helped me rebook my flight." Cons: "After rushing to catch my connecting Singapore flight, their desks were closed and there wasn’t an employee in site. Given that airlines can see connecting fights it would have been great to have someone stay back to either give me a boarding pass or help me rebook! UNSATISFACTORY!" Pros: "Amazing crew. On-stop flight. All premium economy for reasonable price." Cons: "Silk air" Pros: "Seat was comfortable, flight attendants were attentive and the food wasn't bad." Pros: "The crew was terrific. Always smiling and helpful." Cons: "If you need more space economy is a tight fit. It would be better to upgrade." Pros: "Crew" Cons: "Short and sweet. Flight left on time and landed about 15 mins early. Crew was wonderful" Pros: "As a frequent flyer, I have found out that the few dollars i spend more on SQ is well worth it" Pros: "Comfort flight with good entertainment, food and service." Cons: "Flight attendants need to assume travellers do not know Korean." Pros: "Left almost on time arrived early. Baggage transfer was great. Cabin crew provided needed entry forms promptly. Great flight" Pros: "Excellent ethnic Korean food. Attendants were extremely polite and and professional." Cons: "Mass Boarding procedure was inefficient. Same Airline boarding out of Chicago had groups according to sets of row numbers, and was much more efficient. Should use in all cases." Pros: "Ground staff is helpful." Cons: "Flight from JFK to Korea was delayed for more than two hours. Missed all the succeeding connecting flights. Had to spend close to $300 in order to rebooked our Philippines domestic flights." Pros: "Quality of meals were better than their competitors. They were rather enjoyable. Also, flight attendants were very nice." Cons: "The delay made me miss a free shuttle to Yongsan Army Base, Seoul, so I had to find an airport limousine (bus) service to a nearby hotel (Crown Hotel) to the base. Very inconvenient! Entertainment system is outdated, and there was no plug-ins on the seats." Pros: "Seats reclined a bit more than other planes which was really nice." Cons: "I didnt get the right seat that i chose when I purchased the ticket" Pros: "Flight attendants doing their best" Cons: "1.Your food quality is declining. I have some second thoughts now referring the airlines to friends.2. Very narrow seats. Not a lot of leg space." Pros: "I like their attentiveness to service. Very efficient and hospitable comes to mind of these highly professional flight crew. From checking in my baggage to getting settled in before take off, meal and beverage service, and to ensuring overall comfort for we the passengers." Cons: "Just the rudeness of some of my fellow passengers. Otherwise a great flight." Pros: "Flight crews are young, nice and friendly to all passengers." PAL Airlines is always delayed most of the time. Please try to avoid it. Cons: "The websites should be improved that allow users to login." Pros: "Crew was not very friendly." Cons: "Checking in for flight was not very good. Counter help was not well informed/trained." Pros: "On the Honolulu to Manila flight the crew were attentive and pleasant. I was comfortable and had TV to pass some of the hours on board. On the Manila to Singapore, there was no TV and the crew were less pleasant." Cons: "The young crew on the Manila to Singapore flight could have seen the journey as more of an opportunity to actually do their job rather than a chance to sit at the back chatting. When I approached one for a hot water bottle as it was freezing, she screwed up her face at my request and turned and spoke to her colleague in a language I couldn't understand making me feel uncomfortable. One of the worst things though was the food. Throughout the whole flight from Oahu to Singapore, there were no vegetarian options (even the mid flight sandwich had ham and cheese). Further, you were served a hot meal almost within an hour of being in the air, then had to wait about six hours for the snack and then another hot meal was served within three hours of that at a very rushed pace making the experience very unenjoyable. This happened on the way to oahu also so it is something that they practice regularly. Terminal 2 at Manila is also terrible if you have a long layover!" Pros: "Entertainment options were excellent. Lots of choice. Staff were friendly." Cons: "Flight attendants need to come around more often to offer water or other beverages because dehydration is such an issue on a 16+ hour flight. In addition, we boarded on time at 1:00 for a 1:45am flight but did not leave the gate until 4:00am. This jeopardized my connection in Manila." Pros: "The lay flat bed was amazing and I like the privacy of the seats; this Philippines Airline business class is enjoyable!!" Cons: "Don’t ask the stewardess for recommendations on what dishes to eat for meals; their taste is quite different from yours!! My stewardess recommended a pork dish that she said was tasty, but I found it dry and chewy!! But that’s Filipino taste!!" Pros: "No." Cons: "Checking in was terrible. We had 2 luggage each allowed by Japan airlines. When we checked in to our connecting flight with Philippines airlines, we were told we were very excessively overweight. We had to pay almost 10,000 pesos for the excess weight.What is acceptable to one airline is not with Pa" Pros: "Flight attendants were helpful in assisting older women and men going to/from the toilet back to their seats." Cons: "Stellar service from check-in especially cabin staff was on point. Thank you PAL" Cons: "The PAL terminal in MNL is one of the worst airports in the world. PAL's in flight service is fine. But they really need to improve their terminal if they want to keep customers" Japan Airlines8.7 Korean Air8.7 Singapore Airlines8.6 Asiana Airlines8.2 Philippine Airlines7.3 Book cheap flights from Honolulu to Manila Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Honolulu to Manila found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/23Tue 1 stop 18h 25mHNL-MNL $290 Search 1/16Tue 1 stop 18h 25mHNL-MNL $295 Search 4/21Sun 1 stopJapan Airlines 19h 30mHNL-MNL $458 Search 1/16Tue 1 stopJapan Airlines 19h 50mHNL-MNL $468 Search 4/20Sat 1 stopAsiana Airlines 17h 20mHNL-MNL $612 Search 3/11Mon 1 stopAsiana Airlines 17h 20mHNL-MNL $616 Search 2/1Thu nonstopPhilippine Airlines 10h 55mHNL-MNL $687 Search 4/18Thu nonstopPhilippine Airlines 10h 50mHNL-MNL $688 Search 12/17Sun 1 stopKorean Air 28h 45mHNL-MNL $840 Search 12/22Fri 1 stopKorean Air 28h 45mHNL-MNL $895 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineJapan AirlinesAsiana AirlinesPhilippine AirlinesKorean Air Search by price$300 or less$470 or less$620 or less$690 or less$900 or less Last minute flights from Honolulu to Manila Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Honolulu to Manila that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stop 31h 30mHNL-MNL 12/8Fri multi-stop 51h 40mMNL-HNL $928 Search 12/1Fri multi-stop 39h 10mHNL-MNL 12/6Wed multi-stop 16h 40mMNL-HNL $1,009 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 45h 55mHNL-MNL 12/7Thu multi-stop 20h 05mMNL-HNL $1,019 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 31h 30mHNL-MNL 12/7Thu multi-stop 20h 05mMNL-HNL $1,025 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 31h 30mHNL-MNL 12/8Fri multi-stop 18h 50mMNL-HNL $1,049 Search 12/1Fri multi-stop 50h 40mHNL-MNL 12/6Wed multi-stop 16h 40mMNL-HNL $1,082 Search 12/1Fri multi-stop 50h 40mHNL-MNL 12/5Tue multi-stop 21h 05mMNL-HNL $1,096 Search 12/3Sun nonstopPhilippine Airlines 10h 55mHNL-MNL 12/8Fri nonstopPhilippine Airlines 10h 00mMNL-HNL $1,192 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 41h 50mHNL-MNL 12/8Fri multi-stopCathay Pacific 33h 30mMNL-HNL $2,236 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopKLM 51h 23mHNL-MNL 12/6Wed multi-stopKLM 41h 44mMNL-HNL $2,679 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePhilippine AirlinesCathay PacificKLM Search by price$1,010 or less$1,030 or less$1,080 or less$1,190 or less$2,680 or less Honolulu - Manila Flights Departure: Honolulu (HNL)United States Destination: Manila (MNL)Philippines Return flight deals: Manila - Honolulu Cabin classes: First Class flights to Manila $2,647 Business Class flights to Manila $1,544 Prem Econ Class flights to Manila $842 Economy Class flights to Manila Browse origins: Flights » United States » Hawaii » Honolulu $620Flights from Honolulu to Manila Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Philippines » Manila $620Flights to Manila, Manila Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Portland Flights to Kailua-Kona Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Manila flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Manila from Honolulu. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Manila from Honolulu. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.