Cheap Flights from Victoria to Las Vegas from C$ 124 | (YYJ - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYJ - LAS Find cheap flights from Victoria to Las Vegas from C$ 124 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 23/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Victoria to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Victoria to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Victoria to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Victoria to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 3:15 p.m. - 6:05 p.m.YYJ-LAS 2h 50mdirect 11:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m.LAS-YYJ 3h 00mdirect C$ 166Flair Airlines Find Deal Mon, 29 Apr - Fri, 3 May 10:40 a.m. - 7:24 p.m.YYJ-LAS 8h 44m2 stops 2:10 p.m. - 5:06 p.m.LAS-YYJ 2h 56mdirect C$ 173WestJet Find Deal Tue, 13 Feb - Thu, 15 Feb 3:20 p.m. - 5:58 p.m.YYJ-LAS 2h 38mdirect 9:00 p.m. - 9:51 a.m.LAS-YYJ 12h 51m1 stop C$ 177WestJet Find Deal Sun, 18 Feb - Thu, 22 Feb 12:40 p.m. - 7:31 p.m.YYJ-LAS 6h 51m1 stop 11:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m.LAS-YYJ 3h 00mdirect C$ 188 Find Deal Mon, 29 Apr - Fri, 3 May 10:20 a.m. - 7:31 p.m.YYJ-LAS 9h 11m2 stops 11:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m.LAS-YYJ 3h 00mdirect C$ 192 Find Deal Mon, 29 Apr - Fri, 3 May 5:50 p.m. - 11:58 p.m.YYJ-LAS 6h 08m1 stop 6:30 a.m. - 11:21 a.m.LAS-YYJ 4h 51m1 stop C$ 199Air Canada Find Deal Mon, 5 Feb - Wed, 7 Feb 5:50 p.m. - 11:58 p.m.YYJ-LAS 6h 08m1 stop 6:50 p.m. - 9:16 a.m.LAS-YYJ 14h 26m1 stop C$ 212Air Canada Find Deal Sun, 14 Jan - Tue, 16 Jan 10:00 a.m. - 12:38 p.m.YYJ-LAS 2h 38mdirect 11:25 a.m. - 2:21 p.m.LAS-YYJ 2h 56mdirect C$ 417Delta Find Deal Thu, 15 Feb - Sun, 25 Feb 7:40 a.m. - 9:00 p.m.YYJ-LAS 13h 20m2 stops 12:13 p.m. - 9:47 p.m.LAS-YYJ 9h 34m2 stops C$ 437Alaska Airlines Find Deal Sun, 18 Feb - Thu, 22 Feb 5:21 p.m. - 11:23 p.m.YYJ-LAS 30h 02m2 stops 8:50 p.m. - 9:47 p.m.LAS-YYJ 24h 57m2 stops C$ 488Alaska Airlines Find Deal Fri, 16 Feb - Mon, 26 Feb Show more results Flights from Victoria to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Victoria to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Victoria to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Victoria to Las Vegas found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for C$ 225 on Flair Airlines, followed by WestJet (C$ 235). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as C$ 124 on Flair Airlines and from C$ 168 on WestJet. How long does a flight from Victoria to Las Vegas take? There are no direct flights for this route listed on KAYAK. The shortest multi-flight duration is 2h 38m. Good to know Low season August High season May Cheapest flight C$ 124 Best time to beat the crowds (8% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 0% lower on average. Flight from Victoria to Las Vegas When to book flights from Victoria to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Victoria to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Victoria to Las Vegas If I am driving myself to Victoria International Airport before my flight to Las Vegas, what are my parking options? Victoria International Airport offers long-term parking that will cost about C$ 16 per day for the first five days and then about C$ 8 per day for each additional day. There is designated accessible and special-needs parking available in the lot. Are there any direct flights between Victoria and Las Vegas? While currently there are no nonstop flights between these two cities, both Air Canada and United Airlines offer two-stop service with layovers in Vancouver and San Francisco. If I do not want to stay on the Las Vegas strip are there any hotels that are close to McCarran International Airport? If you’re looking for a hotel to avoid the hustle and bustle of the strip, a great choice is the DoubleTree by Hilton Las Vegas Airport. The hotel just sits just south of the airport and they offer free shuttle service to both the airport as well as to the Las Vegas strip. Are there any pet relief areas available at Victoria International Airport? There are two designated areas for pets at the airport. Both of these areas sit on the grass rim that is directly across from the terminal building. The areas offer waste bags and receptacles. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Victoria to Las Vegas? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Victoria to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Victoria to Las Vegas? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Victoria and Las Vegas, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. Which is the best airline for flights from Victoria to Las Vegas, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Victoria to Las Vegas are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of C$ 755 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 674 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Victoria to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Victoria to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Victoria to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Victoria is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Victoria to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Victoria with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Victoria to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Victoria up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Victoria to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 112 or less round-trip. If you have forgotten to pack something before your trip to Las Vegas, there are shopping options at Victoria International Airport (YYJ) to help. These include the various sundries at the Breakwater Boutique as well as duty-free choices at Harbor Walk Shops. Both of the terminal buildings at McCarran International Airport (LAS) in Las Vegas have designated pick-up areas for passengers in the parking garages. There is no parking allowed in these pick-up areas, however, there is short-term parking available adjacent to these pickup areas that is free for up to 15min. If you’re looking for a quick and inexpensive way to get to Victoria International Airport before your flight to Las Vegas, a trip on a BC Transit bus may be just the answer. A trip from Downtown Victoria to the airport costs around C$ 5. Are you looking to rent a car at McCarran International Airport? The McCarran Rent-A-Car Center is offsite and is open 24h a day. All major rental car companies have locations here and there is complimentary shuttle service from both terminal buildings to the Rent-A-Car Center. If a passenger that is making the trip from Victoria to Las Vegas has a disability or mobility issue, the Victoria International Airport has services to help. Their staff can help these passengers at the curbside to assist in getting their bags to their flight and getting checked in at the ticket counter. There's also assistance available to help through security checkpoints. There are several public transportation options to get you from McCarran International Airport to several points in the Las Vegas area. Bus 108 and 109 offer service from Terminal 1 and the Westcliff Airport Express and the Centennial Express routes offer service from Terminal 3. The cost to ride the bus is around C$ 6. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Victoria to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Victoria to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Victoria to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 85boarding 79food 82comfort 78entertainment 88crew 85overall Airline reviews Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport"Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "It was poor flight took off late and it arrived in Las Vegas late I miss my connection connecting flight the put on a different airlines got in late miss my ride and now I'm stranded at the airport" Pros: "The snack was a whole sandwich that was quite tasty and in my opinion far better than the two meals I was served on my US to Europe flight on Condor. The staff were very kind, accommodating and served us damp linens to wipe our hands with before eating, which I did not receive on the Condor flight." Pros: "Overall, a great experience." Cons: "The flight attendants were excellent overall, but one of them reacted unprofessionally when I asked her to throw something away prior to departure. (I believe it was the first class flight attendant, as I did not interact with her again after take off)." Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Pros: "No hassle and easy boarding." Cons: "More room and limit on size of luggage in the overhead compartment." Pros: "The flight itself was as expected." Cons: "The flight was delayed 3+ hours with no reasoning shared with travelers. No compensation, complimentary beverage, etc. was provided." Pros: "Very pleasant crew." Cons: "Very late in departure from Victoria. Long long delay in receiving oversize baggage. Incorrect directions by airport employees in Seattle, resulting in wrong floor, rescreening. But very helpful Alaska enployees to assist in unscrambling." Cons: "Miss airline meals but realize this was a short flight. Everyone was great." Pros: "Everything was great" Cons: "I didn’ ask for internet but i was charged$25 I don’t know what to name it !" Pros: "The entire experience of the flight was wonderful. The boarding, the crew, the drivers, the ride... just really all excellently well done. Great Flight!" Cons: "Those video.screens are.Super Bright. Like Crazy Super Bright." Pros: "The crew was extremely helpful and friendly!" Cons: "The seats, overall, could have been more comfortable... I have somewhat of a backache after my trip." Cons: "No ear plugs offered and my iPhone jack didn’t fit." Cons: "Delayed flight planning - would have been nice to delay the flight before boarding." Pros: "Flight was cancelled - we were moved to an Alaska Air flight. That is why all of the NAs. What was good is that the moved us to another flight in a timely manner. Also, the gate attendant kept everyone informed of what was happening." Cons: "Flight was delayed almost 3 hrs. Ran out of food right before my row. I upgraded my seat but feel I got the short end of the stick." Pros: "Just a great experience Delta is still above the rest excluding Hawaiian" Cons: "Cant think of anything" Cons: "After a delay of about an hour on a very full flight the gate agent asked for volunteers to check their rollaboard suitcases. The gate agents then allowed those who checked their rollaboards to board before Zone 1,which was fine. However, a bunch of people without gate check stickers on the rollaboards were also allowed to board before Zone 1, which was aggravating. There was a long delay on the tarmac, during which we had to pull back to the gate or to a maintenance area before we finally took off. When we arrived in Vegas there was no gate for us to pull into, which led to another long delay of an already long and delayed flight." Cons: "at last minute itinerary was changed.. instead of routing through Brisbane, was now routed through Sydney. Flight from Sydney to LAX was delayed by 4 hours, then missed flight LAX to LAS... overall long delayed arrival. Checked the route through Brisbane, and those flights we're all there, departed and landed all on-time... so wondering what the reason was for the change of the itinerary without a cause (no cancel or delayed flights through Brisbane)" Cons: "Delta always has 1 or maybe 2 people checking everyone in, including the baggage drop. So, EVERYONE has to wait for one person to finish checking in the first class passenger with a thousand needs. Very poor service as is their norm." Cons: "Was not allowed to check in even tho flight was delayed. Horrible!" Pros: "The crew worked hard to ensure that we had a good flight with minimal interruptions" Cons: "Delays always hurt, the flight was delayed yet there were no notifications and additionally the delay was closer to an hour long since boarding only started 20 minutes late." Pros: "Always a pleasure when flying with Westjet. Crew is always better than Air Canada" Cons: "Update the seats please. They are so old and there was no cushion" Cons: "Our trip got completely rerouted - we are still in Edmonton and expected to be with family in Regina a couple of hours ago. :(((" Cons: "No explanation was given why flight left almost 2 hours late" Pros: "Flight was excellent. Crew was very courteous and very friendly." Cons: "The only thing I wish I had more was more other options for fluid besides water." Pros: "Great crew. Excellent flight and we were even early arriving!!" Cons: "Could not recline seat in row 30" Pros: "Short flight, great staff. No food or entertainment, so no rating" Pros: "Pretzels, Biscott cookies still passed out along w free beverages. Free Entertainment on westjet wifi good too!!" Cons: "No sink in the bathroom...gross. Also, very very small seats." Pros: "Fun, friendly crew on a boring routine short haul flight." Cons: "Entertainment system was down." Pros: "Crew did the best they could with the situation" Cons: "An hr delay because our plane was delayed an hr due to there being too much fuel and it seems a lot of delays that were very preventable" Pros: "Great crew - good attitudes." Cons: "Delayed for an hour due to a log book issue." Cons: "I upgraded my seats, but we still didn’t get any extras for the price." Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Pros: "Crew was great." Cons: "Older aircraft. No electrical outlets. Arm rests did not stay up. Entertainment only on AA app on personal device." Cons: "It took entirely too long to board the plane. Then there were ‘mechanical issues’ that needed dealt with. Well, don’t have everyone sit on the plane for 60 minutes. Don’t continuously state ‘it’ll be fifteen minutes.’ Just give straight answers" Pros: "It was fine. Just not anything great." Cons: "Many groups were not seated together. at the airport I asked if my husband and I could be put together . One worker seemed interested in helping, but another rudely butted in and said there "were no seats together, the flight was full." Come to find out the flight was not full, there were whole rows not full. The groups near our seats rearranged ourselves so we could be by our family members, so it worked out. No thanks to the person at the terminal. Really long walk from the gate to the plane. No food on a cross country flight. Only a few cups of water/soda and a cookie. which unfortunately is typical now days. The lights were off the whole trip. The captain kept turning on the seat belt sign for the turbulence. Which there was a lot of. But then he would announce for everyone to go back to their seats. It wasn't huge bumps, just a little rough. and it woke everyone up by announcing it multiple times." Cons: "Took. For. Ever. To board. And. Bagage took. Long. Time. To arrive. ." Cons: "The flight was delayed by an hour because one flight attended didn’t come to work on time" Pros: "Very comfortable bulkhead seats on upper level. Flight attendants taking care of every need. Fantastic service, good food, great entertainment. We could ask for nothing more!" Left two hours late, now screens and WiFi wasn’t working. Unacceptable on a 6h gate to gate flight The flight was in an old, stuffy aircraft. The flight crew looked tired and over-worked. The food and films were poor and lacked any quality. The flight was late arriving and then the door failed to open. I missed my connecting flight and was delayed more than 9 hours - for a MUCH longer and unpleasant trip. Air Canada should be avoided whenever possible. Original flight was canceled due to bad weather...not a problem, completely understand however I had booked a direct return, instead I was rebooked with a layover of over 2.5 hours. What should have been just over 2 hours turned into 6 hours. Snacks on-board were pitiful and they were constantly out of beverage products. Stuck on arrival due to issue with engine turning off on the runway Several delays caused us to miss our connecting flight. (Be sure to ask for a meal reimbursement) Several ticket counter people were too stressed to answer our questions regarding new connections. A few delays on the way back with stressful transitions between flights, but the flight to Canada was fine. A would suggest a min of 2 hours between the flight to make sure you can reach them easily. The cabin crew was fine, nothing out of the ordinary. However, the crew at check in was a disaster. We had already checked in and wanted to see if we could upgrade to first class. Waited in line bc the crew was so slow. No sense of urgency. Long story short, the lady, Maria, would refuse to answer our questions directly. As we are about to leave, she asked if we wanted our boarding passes printed. I figured we were there, already wasted time, might as well. We could have gone to through security as we were already checked in. As she’s putting in our information, my bf has to step away, leaving me with out two carry on. I just had surgery and was in a sling as I don’t have much strength or movement in my left arm. She looks down at our carry ons and said we need to make sure it fits. I told her, I haven’t had an issue with it as this is what I flew with from the states to Canada. We both flew with the same carry ons. She just said to me, it doesn’t matter. I also asked her if this is a different procedure with this Air Canada as I have flown to multiple countries and states with this same carry on. She said the same policy apply, which at this point doesn’t seem true since I have gone through multiple cities and countries and multiple airlines with zero issues. I struggled to go over to the stand and once again, struggled to lift my carry on into the rack to see if it fits. All the while, she just stands and watches. Her and the manager both standing there and watching as I dropped and struggle to lift the carry on. My carry on was too wide due to the wheels and they refuse to let me use it. Then, to make matters worst, my bfs carry on, which was clearly smaller than mine, she then asked me to do the same thing, lift it to see that it fits within their measurements. Of course that one fits. But, again, I’m disabled and both the agent and manager stood there, not once offered any help. She forced me to check in my bag with the fee. I should have just walked away because, when we got to the gate, the crew there also asked that anything bigger than the slot gets checked in, FOR FREE. Maria took advantage of my disability, was unsympathetic and just a disappointment to Air Canada. And the manger, that was more interested in making other people’s lives miserable because he was clearly miserable should quit trying to flirt with Maria and actually do his job. What a joke of a staff and what a joke of an air line. Air Canada has really gone the extra mile to start winning customers back. The cost of the flight (using Aeroplan points and eUpgrades) was by far the winning ticket. However, everything about the flight was smooth. There was a 30-minute delay departing Calgary but we made that up in actual flight time. The flight attendants couldn't have been more helpful. A wonderful experience! Cons: "The plane was delayed due to waiting for people to clear customs." Pros: "Air Canada is always a great travel experience." Cons: "The food is terrible. It's the worst I've had from any airline." Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 American Airlines7.2 Air Canada7.1 Book cheap flights from Victoria to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Victoria to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 23/2Fri directFlair Airlines 2h 50mYYJ-LAS C$ 91 Search 7/12Thu 1 stopWestJet 25h 24mYYJ-LAS C$ 124 Search 23/2Fri 3 stopsWestJet 14h 29mYYJ-LAS C$ 133 Search 23/2Fri 2 stopsWestJet 25h 14mYYJ-LAS C$ 148 Search 22/4Mon 1 stop 6h 10mYYJ-LAS C$ 154 Search 22/4Mon 2 stopsWestJet 25h 11mYYJ-LAS C$ 171 Search 30/12Sat 1 stop 10h 50mYYJ-LAS C$ 179 Search 7/12Thu 2 stops 12h 50mYYJ-LAS C$ 191 Search 30/12Sat 2 stops 23h 03mYYJ-LAS C$ 210 Search 7/12Thu 3 stopsWestJet 13h 32mYYJ-LAS C$ 538 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesWestJet Search by priceC$ 120 or lessC$ 150 or lessC$ 170 or lessC$ 190 or lessC$ 540 or less Victoria - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Victoria (YYJ)Canada Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Victoria Cabin classes: First Class flights to Las Vegas Business Class flights to Las Vegas Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas C$ 111 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » Canada » British Columbia » Victoria C$ 190Flights from Victoria to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas C$ 190Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Victoria. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Las Vegas from Victoria. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.