Cheap Flights from Toronto Island to Ottawa from C$ 99 | (YTZ - YOW) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YTZ - YOW Find cheap flights from Toronto Island to Ottawa from C$ 99 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 29/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Ottawa These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Ottawa, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Ottawa, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Toronto Island to Ottawa?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Toronto Island to Ottawa that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:00 a.m. - 8:59 a.m.YTZ-YOW 0h 59mdirect 7:00 p.m. - 8:08 p.m.YOW-YTZ 1h 08mdirect C$ 144Porter Airlines Find Deal Tue, 26 Dec - Tue, 9 Jan 6:45 a.m. - 7:44 a.m.YTZ-YOW 0h 59mdirect 6:45 a.m. - 7:53 a.m.YOW-YTZ 1h 08mdirect C$ 157Porter Airlines Find Deal Tue, 26 Dec - Tue, 9 Jan 6:45 a.m. - 7:44 a.m.YTZ-YOW 0h 59mdirect 5:40 p.m. - 6:48 p.m.YOW-YTZ 1h 08mdirect C$ 158Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 29 Dec - Fri, 5 Jan 8:00 a.m. - 8:59 a.m.YTZ-YOW 0h 59mdirect 5:00 p.m. - 6:08 p.m.YOW-YTZ 1h 08mdirect C$ 159Porter Airlines Find Deal Sun, 31 Dec - Sun, 31 Dec 4:00 p.m. - 4:59 p.m.YTZ-YOW 0h 59mdirect 3:50 p.m. - 4:58 p.m.YOW-YTZ 1h 08mdirect C$ 161Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 29 Dec - Fri, 5 Jan 6:45 a.m. - 7:44 a.m.YTZ-YOW 0h 59mdirect 10:05 a.m. - 11:13 a.m.YOW-YTZ 1h 08mdirect C$ 162Porter Airlines Find Deal Sat, 23 Dec - Sat, 30 Dec 11:25 a.m. - 12:22 p.m.YTZ-YOW 0h 57mdirect 6:40 a.m. - 7:48 a.m.YOW-YTZ 1h 08mdirect C$ 190Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Sat, 20 Jan 9:25 a.m. - 10:22 a.m.YTZ-YOW 0h 57mdirect 7:40 p.m. - 8:48 p.m.YOW-YTZ 1h 08mdirect C$ 236Air Canada Find Deal Sun, 21 Jan - Tue, 23 Jan 11:25 a.m. - 12:22 p.m.YTZ-YOW 0h 57mdirect 6:40 a.m. - 7:48 a.m.YOW-YTZ 1h 08mdirect C$ 273Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 9 Dec - Wed, 13 Dec 8:55 p.m. - 9:54 p.m.YTZ-YOW 0h 59mdirect 4:45 p.m. - 7:20 p.m.YOW-YTZ 26h 35m3 stops C$ 588 Find Deal Wed, 6 Dec - Thu, 7 Dec Show more results Flights from Toronto Island to Ottawa - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Toronto Island to Ottawa to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Island Airport to Ottawa? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Island Airport to Ottawa, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Island Airport to Ottawa is September, where tickets cost C$ 266 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are March and May, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 368 and C$ 357 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Island Airport to Ottawa? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Island Airport to Ottawa, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Island Airport to Ottawa, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 90 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Island to Ottawa? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Porter Airlines (C$ 99) and Air Canada (C$ 162). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Porter Airlines (C$ 195) and Air Canada (C$ 258). Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Island Airport and Ottawa? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Island Airport to Ottawa. There are 2 airlines that fly direct from Toronto Island Airport to Ottawa. They are Air Canada and Porter Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is Air Canada, with the best deal found costing C$ 213. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air Canada. How many flights are there between Toronto Island Airport and Ottawa per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 12 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Island Airport and land in Ottawa, with an average flight time of 0h 58m. The most common departure time is 8:00 p.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 58 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Monday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Island Airport and Ottawa? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Island to Ottawa take? The average direct flight takes 0h 57m, covering a distance of 564 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Island to Ottawa? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Island Airport at 6:45 am and will be landing in Ottawa at 7:44 am. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Island to Ottawa? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Island Airport to Ottawa jets off at 8:55 pm and lands at 9:54 pm. Good to know Low season August High season June Cheapest flight C$ 99 Best time to beat the crowds (23% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 6% lower on average. Flight from Toronto Island to Ottawa When to book flights from Toronto Island to Ottawa Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Toronto Island to Ottawa based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Island to Ottawa flights Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Island to Ottawa? Air Canada, and KLM offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Island to Ottawa flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Island to Ottawa? The De Havilland (Bombardier) DHC-8-400 Dash 8Q is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Island to Ottawa flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Island to Ottawa? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Toronto Island and Ottawa. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Island to Ottawa? There are direct flights from Toronto Island to Ottawa on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to Ottawa, Porter Airlines or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to Ottawa are Porter Airlines and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 383 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 306 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Island to Ottawa? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Island to Ottawa. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Island to Ottawa? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Ottawa from Toronto Island is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Island to Ottawa? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Ottawa with an airline and back to Toronto Island with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Island to Ottawa? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Ottawa from Toronto Island up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to Ottawa Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 143 or less one-way and C$ 274 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Island to Ottawa? Find which airlines fly direct from Toronto Island to Ottawa, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Island to Ottawa Search flights Monday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Tuesday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Wednesday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Thursday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Friday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Saturday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Sunday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Ottawa to Toronto Island Search flights Monday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Tuesday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Wednesday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Thursday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Friday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Saturday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines Sunday Air Canada,Porter Airlines Air Canada,Porter Airlines See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top airlines flying from Toronto Island to Ottawa See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Ottawa. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Toronto Island to Ottawa? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 Porter AirlinesOverall score based on 2737 reviews 68entertainment 78overall 78boarding 83crew 78food 78comfort Airline reviews Porter is the airline that does care. All trips with Porter have been smooth and relaxing. The extras are the customer appreciation. The others just don’t do that.Read more about Porter Airlines Porter is the airline that does care. All trips with Porter have been smooth and relaxing. The extras are the customer appreciation. The others just don’t do that. Pros: "Efficient check in. Liked the shuttle bus service from subway to airport." Cons: "As expected this is a commuter flight so very stripped down in terms of amenities. Tight plane seating and those overhead bins just barely accommodate the carry on." Pros: "The crew was good and boarding was super efficient" Cons: "No entertain on the plane. Since when YTZ offered no more complimentary drinks and some snack?" Pros: "Cheap price of the airline ticket." Cons: "I was booked where someone was already sitting. It was difficult because I was with my two young children. And someone else was booked in my child's seat also." Pros: "Very convenient, non stops and airport is close to downtown" Cons: "Captain said the 1 hour delay was due to bad weather in Washington DC but there was no bad weather in DC. He should have said the truth. I was in flight 729 from Toronto to Washington Dulles airport on 7/7." Cons: "I was required to pay for my carryon, which I was never informed during my booking." Pros: "Quick fligh." Cons: "Having a terminal to check in would have been nice, I had no luggage to check and still had to wait 30mins in line." Pros: "Porter airlines is efficient and the customer service is the best I have experienced." Cons: "I miss the free amenities that they used to offer at the Billy Bishop airport, but the newly renovated airport is nice!" Pros: "n/A" Cons: "Was not offered a flight back to Ottawa, had to find a ride from Toronto to Ottawa once we landed .6 hours driving. See above." Pros: "When flying Porter, not only do you receive leather seating" Cons: "The passenger beside me was flatulating during the entire flight. It smelled of old meats and gruyère cheese" 3.5 hour late leaving due to mechanical issue, crew time out and over heated plane Cons: "Flight was delayed, crew in general was disorganized, most usb charging ports weren’t working, touchscreen is very outdated" Pros: "The on-board crew were great. Super friendly and chatty. Almost a WestJet feel instead of the serious aloofness that AC is known for" Cons: "The entire HUGE MESS from booking til sitting on our last airplane. The “new reservation” system is a horrible joke. The right hand doesn’t know what the left is doing so you get completely wrong info and they won’t do anything about it. I’m a wheelchair assist and had to call 6 times to remind them to put it on my ticket even though each time I was shown that it had been added. They kept seating on the back row of the plain and blamed me for not calling ahead to “let them know I was wheelchair assist so they could reseat me” BUT...they won’t answer you call unless it’s 24 before your flight and then to check at the airport who then tells us it’s out fault cause we didn’t call more then 36 hrs ahead...YOU CANT CALL THAT FAR AHEAD...and ...get this “they don’t have wheelchair assist on my ticket/file”. I about lost my mind over the hours on hold and every different answer as to what what to do and in the end blamed us. ASTONISHING TO ME. THEN THEY HAVE THE NERVE ON-BOARD TO ANNOUNCE THEY ARE THE BEST AIRLINE IN NORTH AMERICA 2019...HORSE PUCKY!!!" Pros: "The crew was nice." Cons: "Everything is too cramped. The sound on the entertainment unit is terrible." Pros: "Consistent experience that gets you from A to B while providing nice perks (free stame-day standby on the old Rapidair routes)." Pros: "All the crew we encountered were very efficient and helpful. The food was hot and really good, and we were well looked after, particularly on the Heathrow to Ottawa leg of the journey." Pros: "Service counter staff was helpful to confirm seating although I did not like being put on standby. This happens too often with Air Canada." Cons: "Stop the overbooking!!!!!" Pros: "nothing" Cons: "See above - seats worn out, entertainment worn out, Crew battling old tired aircraft. Massively overpriced. Bring on WestJet direct to Ottawa." Pros: "The seat beside me was vacant, so I had extra room." Cons: "Flights in the late evening from Toronto to Ottawa always seem to be delayed. We spent a lot of time boarding, and a lot of time de-icing before take off. There would have been plenty of time to serve refreshments during de-icing. But refreshments and dismemberment of ear phones only began once the plane was airborne. There was not enough time to service all the passengers at that point. I'm not sure why Air Canada cannot at least give you ear phones when boarding. And why cannot refreshments be served during de-icing?" Pros: "Many airlines have code share flights but it is better to buy ticket directly from the original airline as they keep on ignoring the code share flight bookings" Cons: "Till last moment we were kept hanging if we will board or not as no seat number was allocated. I believe it was as we were from the code share airline not the real one" Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Ottawa Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Ottawa found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 29/12Fri directPorter Airlines 0h 59mYTZ-YOW C$ 73 Search 19/12Tue directPorter Airlines 0h 59mYTZ-YOW C$ 78 Search 20/12Wed directPorter Airlines 0h 59mYTZ-YOW C$ 79 Search 31/12Sun directPorter Airlines 0h 59mYTZ-YOW C$ 80 Search 4/1Thu directPorter Airlines 0h 59mYTZ-YOW C$ 81 Search 22/12Fri directPorter Airlines 0h 59mYTZ-YOW C$ 82 Search 28/2Wed directAir Canada 0h 57mYTZ-YOW C$ 119 Search 11/12Mon directAir Canada 0h 57mYTZ-YOW C$ 153 Search 28/1Sun 2 stops 30h 45mYTZ-YOW C$ 207 Search 24/1Wed 2 stopsAir Canada 8h 47mYTZ-YOW C$ 316 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir Canada Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 80 or lessC$ 80 or lessC$ 150 or lessC$ 320 or less Last minute flights from Toronto Island to Ottawa Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Ottawa that are departing in the next 10 days. 2/12Sat directPorter Airlines 0h 59mYTZ-YOW 6/1Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 08mYOW-YTZ C$ 240 Search 1/12Fri directPorter Airlines 0h 59mYTZ-YOW 6/1Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 08mYOW-YTZ C$ 252 Search 5/12Tue directPorter Airlines 0h 59mYTZ-YOW 8/12Fri directPorter Airlines 1h 08mYOW-YTZ C$ 335 Search 2/12Sat multi-stop 31h 35mYTZ-YOW 6/1Sat direct 1h 08mYOW-YTZ C$ 353 Search 4/12Mon directPorter Airlines 0h 59mYTZ-YOW 9/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 08mYOW-YTZ C$ 364 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopPorter Airlines 5h 45mYTZ-YOW 6/1Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 08mYOW-YTZ C$ 390 Search 4/12Mon directPorter Airlines 0h 59mYTZ-YOW 16/12Sat directPorter Airlines 1h 08mYOW-YTZ C$ 408 Search 3/12Sun directAir Canada 0h 57mYTZ-YOW 9/12Sat directAir Canada 1h 08mYOW-YTZ C$ 492 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 3h 24mYTZ-YOW 8/12Fri directAir Canada 1h 08mYOW-YTZ C$ 955 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 3h 24mYTZ-YOW 6/1Sat directAir Canada 1h 08mYOW-YTZ C$ 1,059 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesAir Canada Search by priceC$ 250 or lessC$ 350 or lessC$ 390 or lessC$ 490 or lessC$ 1,060 or less Toronto Island - Ottawa Flights Departure: Toronto Island (YTZ)Canada Destination: Ottawa (YOW)Canada Return flight deals: Ottawa - Toronto Island Cabin classes: First Class flights to Ottawa C$ 2,476 Business Class flights to Ottawa C$ 715 Prem Econ Class flights to Ottawa C$ 220 Economy Class flights to Ottawa Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Island C$ 195Flights from Toronto Island Airport to Ottawa Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Ottawa C$ 195Flights to Ottawa, Ottawa Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Ottawa flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Ottawa from Toronto Island. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Ottawa from Toronto Island. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.