Cheap Flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles from $42 | (BWI - LAX) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW BWI - LAX Find cheap flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles from $42 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/10. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Los Angeles These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Baltimore to Los Angeles. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Baltimore to Los Angeles. How much is the cheapest flight from Baltimore to Los Angeles?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 2:21 pm - 11:48 pmBWI-LAX 12h 27m1 stop 11:25 am - 11:19 pmLAX-BWI 8h 54m1 stop $83Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 2:21 pm - 12:53 amBWI-LAX 13h 32m1 stop 11:25 am - 11:19 pmLAX-BWI 8h 54m1 stop $84Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 30 6:25 am - 2:26 pmBWI-LAX 11h 01m1 stop 10:19 pm - 1:31 pmLAX-BWI 12h 12m1 stop $90Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 2:21 pm - 10:28 pmBWI-LAX 11h 07m1 stop 10:19 pm - 1:30 pmLAX-BWI 12h 11m1 stop $95Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Tue, Jan 9 2:21 pm - 11:48 pmBWI-LAX 12h 27m1 stop 11:14 pm - 7:08 amLAX-BWI 4h 54mnonstop $104Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 17 6:25 am - 2:26 pmBWI-LAX 11h 01m1 stop 11:36 pm - 5:26 amLAX-BWI 26h 50m2 stops $166 Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Fri, Dec 15 6:25 am - 9:58 pmBWI-LAX 18h 33m1 stop 6:20 am - 8:08 pmLAX-BWI 10h 48m1 stop $168 Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Mon, Jan 22 1:54 pm - 7:34 pmBWI-LAX 8h 40m1 stop 11:30 am - 11:46 pmLAX-BWI 9h 16m1 stop $210American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 23 - Wed, Feb 28 4:39 pm - 10:10 pmBWI-LAX 8h 31m1 stop 1:20 pm - 11:03 pmLAX-BWI 6h 43m1 stop $257Delta Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Thu, Feb 15 8:12 am - 2:25 pmBWI-LAX 9h 13m1 stop 7:00 am - 10:04 pmLAX-BWI 12h 04m1 stop $277JetBlue Find Deal Thu, Mar 21 - Tue, Mar 26 Show more results Flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Baltimore to Los Angeles? The average price of all flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Baltimore to Los Angeles, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Sunday is the most expensive. Flying from Los Angeles back to Baltimore, the best deals are generally found on Tuesday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Baltimore to Los Angeles? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles is September, where tickets cost $265 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and December, where the average cost of tickets is $474 and $458 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Baltimore to Los Angeles? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Baltimore to Los Angeles, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 53 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Los Angeles from Baltimore were found on Spirit Airlines ($42) and JetBlue ($139), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($83) and American Airlines ($210). Which airlines fly non-stop between Baltimore and Los Angeles? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Baltimore to Los Angeles. They are: Southwest, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $98 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Baltimore and Los Angeles per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 5 nonstop flights that take off from Baltimore and land in Los Angeles, with an average flight time of 5h 58m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 25 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Baltimore and Los Angeles? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Baltimore to Los Angeles take? Direct flights cover the 2,322 miles separating Baltimore to Los Angeles in about 5h 38m. What’s the earliest departure time from Baltimore to Los Angeles? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Baltimore at 6:25 am and will be landing in Los Angeles at 9:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from Baltimore to Los Angeles? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Baltimore to Los Angeles jets off at 9:00 pm and lands at 11:55 pm. Good to know Low season September High season August Cheapest flight $42 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 27% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 13% lower on average. Flight from Baltimore to Los Angeles When to book flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Baltimore to Los Angeles based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles What amenities are available for travelers with limited mobility at Baltimore Marshall Airport? Baltimore Marshall Airport provides a complimentary shuttle service with wheelchair lifts and parking spaces for travelers with limited mobility. The airport also offers accessible restrooms and a TSA checkpoint that is specifically intended for travelers with limited mobility and has a dedicated screening lane and an accessible metal detector that passengers just walk through. Are there nursing stations at Baltimore Marshall Airport? Yes, BWI provides breastfeeding stations for traveling mothers. They can be found all across the Upper Level, notably on the landside close to the C Gates entry and on the airside at gates A6, B2, C7, D2, and D16. These stations are made to give nursing mothers a cozy place to pump or nurse befoe boarding their flight. Where can I relax at Baltimore Marshall Airport (BWI) as I await departure? There is a meditation area at BWI in Concourse E. The meditation area provides guests with a tranquil, quiet setting in which to unwind, think, and meditate. The space has a peaceful environment, plush chairs, and gentle lighting. It is accessible all throughout the day. Can I rent a car at Los Angeles Airport (LAX)? Yes, you can rent a car at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). Many car rental companies have locations at the airport, such as Enterprise, Hertz, Budget, Fox, and Avis. The car rental offices at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) are located away from the main building near the parking lot marked C. What business facilities are available at Los Angeles Airport (LAX)? LAX offers a variety of business facilities and services. These include cell phone rentals, fax and photocopy services, Wi-Fi, internet kiosks, and a 24-hour business center. In addition, there are airport lounges available for travelers looking for a comfortable and quiet place to work or relax. Which nearby cities can I get to from Los Angeles Airport? Some of the nearby cities you can get to from LAX include El Segundo, Lennox, Inglewood, Hawthorne, Manhattan Beach, Lawndale, Culver City, and Downtown Los Angeles. The airport also offers transit options to other nearby cities via numerous bus lines and shuttle services, making it easy to travel to various destinations in the region. Can I fly nonstop from Baltimore/Washington Airport (BWI) to Los Angeles Airport (LAX)? There are several providers who offer nonstop flights from Baltimore/Washington Airport (BWI) to Los Angeles Airport (LAX), including Spirit, United Airlines, and Southwest. What are my parking options at Baltimore/Washington Airport (BWI)? Passengers have four options for parking at BWI. At about $22 per day, the Hourly Garage is a quick walk to the terminals via the enclosed skywalk. The other parking options are connected to the terminals by the airport shuttle bus, which runs about every 8min to 10min. The Daily Garage features covered parking at about $12 per day. The Express Parking lot costs about $10 per day, and the shuttle picks you up at your car instead of at fixed stops. The Long Term Parking A and B lots offer the least expensive option at about $8 per day. Do any Baltimore and Washington-area trains stop at Baltimore/Washington Airport (BWI)? Amtrak and the MTA’s MARC commuter trains both provide service from all surrounding counties, Baltimore City and Washington, D.C., to the MARC/Amtrak station near BWI Airport. The airport offers a free, 24/7 shuttle bus service for the 10min ride from the station to the terminals. The MTA Light Rail Service, which serves the Baltimore, Timonium, and Hunt Valley regions, also stop at the airport. The Light Rail station is on the lower level of the terminal outside of Concourse E. Can I get to downtown Los Angeles from LAX using public transportation? The LAX FlyAway bus provides nonstop service from LAX to LA’s Union Station for about $9.75 per ticket (up to two kids 5 and under can ride free with an adult). The ride takes about 35min, and buses depart about every 30min. Alternatively, passengers can take the airport’s free “G” shuttle bus from the LAX terminals to the Aviation / LAX Station, where they can pick up the Metro’s C Line. It takes about 1h 20min to get to downtown LA by Metro at a cost of about $1.75. Do I need a passport to fly between Baltimore and Los Angeles? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Baltimore to Los Angeles. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Baltimore to Los Angeles? Alaska Airlines, JetBlue, and American Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Baltimore to Los Angeles flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Baltimore to Los Angeles? The Boeing 737 MAX 9 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Baltimore to Los Angeles flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Baltimore and Los Angeles. On which days can I fly direct from Baltimore to Los Angeles? There are nonstop flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $375 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $342 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Baltimore to Los Angeles? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Los Angeles from Baltimore is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Los Angeles with an airline and back to Baltimore with another airline. Booking your flights between Baltimore and LAX can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Baltimore to Los Angeles? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Los Angeles from Baltimore up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from BWI to Los Angeles Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $95 or less one-way and $174 or less round-trip. It is advisable for travelers to aim to arrive at least 90 minutes before their flight's departure at Baltimore Marshall Airport (BWI). This approach will ensure that you have enough time to navigate the unpredictable security checkpoints and other quintessential check-in procedures, minimizing the risk of issues like missed flights or any unexpected delays. If you need assistance carrying your luggage at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), luggage carts are available for use. These carts can be found throughout the airport, including near baggage claim areas, parking garages, and transportation stations. There is a dedicated ADA section at Los Angeles International Airport that provides assistance to passengers with mobility impairments. The forms of assistance offered include wheelchair assistance, transport boarding, luggage assistance, and security check point aid. BWI Airport has one main passenger terminal with five concourses (Concourses A-E). After passing through security, passengers can travel freely between Concourses A, B, and C, which are used primarily for domestic flights. Concourses D and E are for international flights. The MTA Commuter Bus #201 runs hourly between Gaithersburg Park in Montgomery County and BWI’s MARC/Amtrak station, with stops in Rockville, Olney, Burtonsville, Hanover, and Concourses A and E at the terminal. The 1.5h trip costs about $1.90 (up to two children ride for free with an adult), and the buses are fully accessible and equipped with restrooms. Traveling with kids? Let them play in one of BWI’s play areas before the flight. The play area for domestic flights is located after security in the Observation Gallery, near the B/C checkpoint. At Baltimore/Washington Airport, get in a workout before your flight using one of the two 20min BWI Cardio Trails. One of the 1k loops circles the public areas of the terminal’s upper level and the other 1k loop takes you around Concourses A and B. Using a rideshare company after arriving at LAX? The pickup for your Taxi, Lyft, Opoli, or Uber ride will be in the LAX-it lot next to Terminal 1. Walk from any of the terminals in about 19min or less or pick up a free LAX-it shuttle in front of your terminal, near baggage claim. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Baltimore/Washington to Los Angeles? Find which airlines fly direct from Baltimore/Washington to Los Angeles, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Baltimore/Washington to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday Air China, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more Air China, Air New Zealand, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Air China, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more Air China, Air New Zealand, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Air China, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more Air China, Air New Zealand, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Air China, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more Air China, Air New Zealand, +4 more 2 3 Friday Air China, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more Air China, Air New Zealand, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Air China, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more Air China, Air New Zealand, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Air China, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more Air China, Air New Zealand, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Los Angeles to Baltimore/Washington Search Flights Monday Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, Southwest, +2 more Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Air China, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more Air China, Air New Zealand, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, Southwest, +2 more Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Air China, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more Air China, Air New Zealand, +4 more 2 3 Friday Air China, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more Air China, Air New Zealand, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, Southwest, +2 more Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Air China, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, +3 more Air China, Air New Zealand, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Baltimore to Los Angeles See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Baltimore to Los Angeles. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Baltimore to Los Angeles? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29980 reviews 88crew 82comfort 79food 85boarding 78entertainment 85overall Airline reviews Pros: "We were in row 8 and the plane just wasn’t packed full. It’s just some uncomfortable when flights are booked to 110% capacity. Flight was smooth and the crew was super kind!" Cons: "The food options were great, the complimentary ones. The ones I paid for were gross. I would have preferred something cold to something everyone thinks should be warm and trying to play it off as cold! It was kinda gross. Overall, service made up for everything else!"Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "We were in row 8 and the plane just wasn’t packed full. It’s just some uncomfortable when flights are booked to 110% capacity. Flight was smooth and the crew was super kind!" Cons: "The food options were great, the complimentary ones. The ones I paid for were gross. I would have preferred something cold to something everyone thinks should be warm and trying to play it off as cold! It was kinda gross. Overall, service made up for everything else!" Pros: "It was a quiet early morning flight that went smoothly." Cons: "There could have been more leg room provided for the aisle seat passenger." Pros: "The crew was amazing" Cons: "I like to fly again with SingaporeAir. Thank you for you amazing service. Excelent job." Pros: "The crew was very nice" Cons: "Could have at least served some sort of a meal for a 6 hour flight" Pros: "Crew was very attentive and friendly yet they give you your space. I know there is no personal space in an aircraft however it felt like it. Great job." Cons: "That there wasn’t anyone to meet us at the gate and we had to wait on the plane." Cons: "There were no vegetarian/vegan options for meals. In 2018 it’s unnacceptable to have ZERO veggie options, especially on a flight to LA. Come on! I ended up having to pay for 2 meals that I could only eat parts of. And it took more than 1 HOUR for them to bring me these meals. I’ve never had to wait more than 5 mins for a meal, that I PAID for, to be delivered to my seat. I was starving, forced to waste money on meals I couldn’t fully eat AND had to wait over an HOUR to receive them. I am beyond disappointed." Pros: "Getting my bags quick was definitely the highlight f the trip" Pros: "We loved that the boarding was so easy because we had assigned seats. Everything went smoothly and we were able to leave earlier than planned because we were ready. That was nice. The pilot was great." Cons: "The flight attendants were rude, arrogant, and didn’t do their job well. They stayed in the back texting the entire flight instead of attending to people and when someone asked for water they acted like it was a man joe nuisance. It was very off-putting." Pros: "Left early, arrived early, check in process was easy, boarding convenient." Cons: "Cabin was too bright for a red-eye flight, so I couldn't really sleep" Pros: "Just overall solid experience, especially considering how terrible other airlines have become" Cons: "Although the space around the seat is acceptable, the seats bottoms are horrible. It feels like sitting on a bench seat. It really needs more cushion." Cons: "More complimentary food options given it’s a 6 and a half hour flight." Pros: "The colors" Cons: "THERE ARE ONLY 1-2 STAFF MEMEBRS AT TERMINAL 5 JFK (busiest ailier in the world) for 309+ passengers an hour that’s not enough. I booked with you guys and paid extra money for worthless travels, but no. Never again with JetBlue" Cons: "My main comment is that the wi-fi didn't work for all passengers. One of the reasons I flew this airline was because they promise reliable wi-fi on the flight and despite multiple attempts to troubleshoot, it never worked." Pros: "Easy going boarding, easy going staff, excellent amenities with personal large size video screen, elegant cabin with cool blue light and with accessible self-serving snacks and drinks and just overall very clean modern plane" Cons: "All the other airlines" Pros: "Studios were nice." Cons: "Was expecting to buy a meal and only could purchase the snacks. Movie screen is very out dated." Pros: "Nothing about this flight, nothing at all." Cons: "First of all, i was schedules to leave at 2p, then was changes to 230p, then 330p, then 4p, when we got on plane it was after 5p, then was about to take off they had to tuen around because of pilot issues, then they had to wait to see if a crew could take us to ft lauderdale then they say they have a crew that can only take us to jfk, then when we got there another one will take us to ft lauderdale needless to say it is 753p, and we just landed to jfk, and i have work in the am which i was supposed to be in Jacksonville. This is bad, VERY BAD SERVICE, and my next flight i will just spend a little bit more money to get on Delta" Pros: "Ample leg room, even in coach! Clean plane. Courteous staff. Loved ot!" Cons: "Loved it all" Pros: "Jet blue was on time and there's plenty of snacks" Cons: "Delaying a flight by 2 hours for crew issues is ridiculous and even more do not alerting me to the change before I was at the airport. Terrible" Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "Excellent service in most every respect! Boarding was easy, accommodations were quite ample, food was great, and the entertainment was plentiful." Cons: "Slight problem with making my seat into a bed, which wasn't fixable. Movies were good, except for the trailers before and after each, which seemed to take forever! Didn't get the seats my wife and originally booked with China Southern/Delta, but the substitution was quite adequate! Problems with checking in on flights, as neither airline seemed to be able to deal with this split ticket! But they tried very hard to make thing up to us, which goes a long way to making us feel like we are valued customers!" Pros: "- great customer service - friendly staff - Positive energy" Cons: "- No room in the seats - No food served on plane - Crowded -" Pros: "Delta is professional and safe. The best fares ever." Cons: "Lack of food/snack choices. Seem like a shortage on ice." Pros: "I, as a tall man, was allowed to move into an exit row with no additional charge. The flights were not full." Pros: "love that each seat now has a USB connection to charge your phone" Cons: "headphone jack to watch movies shorted in and out constantly" Pros: "Delta personel were wonderful and helpful both flights" Cons: "Flights were continually changed both on route to Cancun and on the way back" Pros: "I loved that I was able to get home! The crew was nice." Cons: "It was very very warm in the plane. The entertainment unit was lacking." Pros: "The comfort and attention on the part of the cabin crew of the flight was quite good." Cons: "What I did not like was the process to go to the assigned air terminal in El Salvador, the process was slow and we took the flight at the end of the last one. The same was the process from Los Angeles to Seattle that was our scale. Process too long and go back through security, the boarding gate was almost closed. I think that for these cases they should leave more time for the stopovers that come from international flights. For my part I did not choose this option, since I was traveling with a person with mobility problems and separated the group for admission to the process of entering the USA." Pros: "The seats are not comfortable at all. The tickets that we bought promised a USB port and there were none. And oddly enough, everything around me was very sticky. The seat, the seat in front of me, the window.. it was an overall uncomfortable flight" Cons: "At least one USB port per seat would’ve been nice. The WiFi was so slow that I couldn’t even send an email. And maybe the seats could’ve been wiped down a bit." Cons: "Didn’t enjoy the flight at all. Seats were uncomfortable, staff looked somewhat unkept and were gossiping loudly in the back during the flight. Snacks were not provided, only one drink for the entire flight. I will not be using Sun Country again." Cons: "Cramped seating, limited overhead bin space, mediocre experience. Next time I’ll spend the extra money and fly Delta." Pros: "On-line entertainment was ok. It would have been better if they could notify you more clearly in advance about how to download the information you need and to let you know that earphones are not provided." Cons: "Seats were uncomfortable. Flight attendants were not particularly service oriented. For example, when I asked for a glass of water the flight attendant sighed and then got it. So, the result was fine but the manner was not friendly." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Everything ! Internet wasn’t working and the charging port didn’t work" Pros: "Flight was on-time." Cons: "Check in crew were robotic, lacked enthusiasm. Is management competent? Are they leading, or directing? There is a difference, and one is more effective than the other. If morale is low, if employee satisfaction is low on what is visible to the passengers; then I wonder about what passengers don't see: maintenance crews, safety, quality assurance. I heard lots of grumblings from other passengers about bag policy. Provide first class service to your employees, and they will provide first-class service to your customers." Pros: "The crew was friendly. It was a direct flight. We arrived on time." Cons: "You charge fees to pick a seat! You charge fees to bring a bag! I already paid for the flight! How greedy can you get?" Pros: "The crew was really nice" Cons: "The flight was very bumpy and the landing was horrible." Pros: "The crew on the ground and sky were amazing. Everyone i talked to was kind and understanding while dealing with a difficult situation." Cons: "Ultimately, sun country could of communicated better all around. Was not informed that the flight was delayed until I checked into airport/ even though we were told that the airline knew that the plane was late “all day.” Arrived for a 3:50 flight and did not take off till after 9. Furthermore, there was limited communication regarding when we would actually take off. Checking-in I was informed boarding would start at “6:40” and then we did not board until 830-9." Pros: "Excellent customer service" Cons: "Being given new seats even though we had to pay extra to get them in the first place. Being charged for luggage when the website wasn’t clear about this matter." Cons: "Lots of delays and sometimes confusing communications from the airlines about departure times." Pros: "The crew was fantastic and plane was clean" Cons: "My entertainment video player had a bad earphone jack so i could not watch movies or tv and resorted to paying for wifi" Cons: "I've tried to respond twice now with a long detailed answer only to get booted out of the page. In short you and Flyus.com are criminals that ripped me off for over 430 dollars U.S. will never use you again" Pros: "The crew was probably the only positive thing of the flight." Cons: "Late boarding because of downsizing plane and overbooking, than sitting on a plane for an additional hour after boarding completed while it was very hot inside. Departed and landed with a delay. Very old airplane with no individual fans above the seats, no outlets to charge devices and no entertainment system." Pros: "One of the flight attendants was nice." Cons: "AA is now trying to save money (presumably) by doing like Delta: forcing half of us to connect in Charlotte. Unfortunately, the Charlotte airport is not ready to accommodate so many people. The airport looks like it is being renovated, which is fine, but there is no tape/cones to mark off the renovated areas from the walkways. You literally walk through dirt and construction sites. I didn't even think that was legal in the US?! Anyway, maybe it will be worth it once the renovations are complete, especially if AA is going to use it as a hub." Pros: "We arrived safely The seats were comfortable We were on time" Cons: "1) American's boarding process seems to be driven by ticket price and nothing else. Every other airline I've been with boards families with small children first. It lets those families and get on board and get setup so that they don't block aisle access for everyone else. American seems to board based on how expensive your ticket was. So, the aisles get blocked and boarding takes forever. 2) The cabin crew gave pretty apathetic service. When our baby threw up on us, they just told us to go clean ourselves up in the bathrooms. They gave us a can of soda water to help clean up, but that was about it. 3) When my wife asked if the bread was dairy free (for our baby with a dairy allergy), the staff's response was to turn to another staff member and ask them, "Do you want to go back and research that?" In the end they just told us they didn't have time to look it up." Cons: "We are letting too many people with the flu, travel. This in turn is spreading it to other places and getting too many people sick. We need to control this more. I don’t have an option after spending all this money on if I can stay healthy or not, and that is not ok." Pros: "Plane was new and entertainment was free. Great service too." Cons: "American has improved a lot" Pros: "We missed this flight." Cons: "Background info: we flew from Dublin to Toronto (Aer Lingus) and we were supposed to fly Toronto to Los Angeles on American Airlines; however, we had a British Airways flight number for both of these flights. We missed our connecting flight in Toronto with American Airlines (we had a 2 hour layover) despite landing on-time (de-boarded a few minutes late). I suggest avoiding the Toronto airport ALWAYS as every passenger must pick up his/her luggage even if you have a connecting flight, and then re-check the baggage with the next flight. Apparently the baggage handlers were on strike and some of the customs agents as well which added to the delays. Well, after going through Canadian customs and picking up our luggage (which took quite awhile) we arrived at the American Airlines ticketing kiosk about 45 minutes before our flight. The computer told us we were too late for this flight and to see a representative. We proceeded to wait in line for an American Airlines representative only to be told this was Aer Lingus' fault (we had just flown with them); even though we had a BA flight number.. After searching for an Aer Lingus representative we were finally told they were probably all on the Aer Lingus flight that was currently about to leave. An Aer Lingus representative was paged to the ticketing counter (took well over 30 minutes for anyone to show up) and what proceeded was an argument (for well over an hour) between British Airways and Aer Lingus representatives about whose responsibility it was to re-book us. After an hour at least of poor customer service, we were finally rebooked by British Airways on the last flight to LAX (on Air Canada). Moral of the story: avoid Toronto and fly direct." Pros: "Boarding was fast!" Cons: "The staff was not great! When I had just arrived to the gate, they had already called group 5 so I went up and presented my boarding pass and the crew made a facial expression of annoyance since group 5 was called and they were boarding group 7. When I entered the plane, one of the staff just looked at me twice without saying hello back. I said it twice and the same lady gave me a cold goodbye when I was leaving the plane. There was no entertainment!!!! Also, no plug to charge my phone that I had to wait to charge my phone after getting my bags to contact a taxi driver (Lyft)." Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Baltimore to Los Angeles found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/10Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 12h 05mBWI-LAX $42 Search 1/24Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 12h 05mBWI-LAX $43 Search 1/30Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 9h 02mBWI-LAX $44 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 10h 09mBWI-LAX $46 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 11h 01mBWI-LAX $48 Search 12/13Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 53mBWI-LAX $183 Search 1/24Wed 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 23h 26mBWI-LAX $198 Search 12/15Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 56mBWI-LAX $199 Search 12/15Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 9h 41mBWI-LAX $209 Search 3/9Sat 1 stopDelta 9h 05mBWI-LAX $241 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesAlaska AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$40 or less$50 or less$180 or less$200 or less$240 or less Last minute flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 01mBWI-LAX 12/19Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 12mLAX-BWI $173 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 29h 44mBWI-LAX 1/5Fri multi-stop 19h 34mLAX-BWI $186 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 29h 44mBWI-LAX 1/5Fri multi-stop 9h 25mLAX-BWI $194 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 29h 44mBWI-LAX 12/18Mon multi-stop 22h 37mLAX-BWI $208 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 29h 44mBWI-LAX 1/4Thu multi-stop 13h 04mLAX-BWI $212 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 29h 44mBWI-LAX 12/19Tue multi-stop 12h 12mLAX-BWI $217 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 29h 44mBWI-LAX 12/20Wed multi-stop 10h 57mLAX-BWI $218 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 13h 06mBWI-LAX 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 4h 49mLAX-BWI $229 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 29h 44mBWI-LAX 1/5Fri nonstop 4h 44mLAX-BWI $234 Search 12/5Tue multi-stop 8h 56mBWI-LAX 12/19Tue multi-stop 20h 32mLAX-BWI $237 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit Airlines Search by price$190 or less$210 or less$220 or less$230 or less$240 or less Baltimore - Los Angeles Flights Departure: Baltimore (BWI)United States Destination: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Return flight deals: Los Angeles - Baltimore Cabin classes: $1,135 First Class flights to Los Angeles $1,272 Business Class flights to Los Angeles $751 Prem Econ Class flights to Los Angeles $122 Economy Class flights to Los Angeles Browse origins: Flights » United States » Maryland » Baltimore $83Flights from Baltimore to Los Angeles Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » Los Angeles $83Flights to Los Angeles, Los Angeles Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Los Angeles flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Los Angeles from Baltimore. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Los Angeles from Baltimore. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.