Cheap Flights from Dallas Fort Worth to Florida from $28 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Florida from $28 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Florida ...and more Latest Florida Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULAROrlando From Dallas Nonstop from $58 Search Flights Miami From Dallas Nonstop from $49 Search Flights Fort Lauderdale From Dallas Nonstop from $66 Search Flights Tampa From Dallas Nonstop from $58 Search Flights Fort Myers From Dallas 1 stop from $117 Search Flights Jacksonville From Dallas 1 stop from $189 Search Flights Good to know Low season February High season March Cheapest flight $28 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 8% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 23% increase in price. Flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Miami FAQs - booking Florida flights How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Florida? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Florida. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Florida? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Florida from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Florida? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Florida with an airline and back to Dallas/Fort Worth Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Florida? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Florida from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Florida Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to the following destinations at these prices or less: Fort Lauderdale $102 one-way - $155 round-trip; Orlando $65 one-way - $128 round-trip; Miami $104 one-way - $200 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be March and April. The cheapest month to fly from Dallas is September. Morning departure is around 3% more expensive than an evening flight, on average*. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Dallas to FloridaNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Dallas to Florida? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 86comfort 88overall 89boarding 85entertainment 84food 90crew Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was polite, responsive and friendly. The food was very good and served hot. For a flight to Japan, I thought $1,000 round trip direct from Boston was an excellent price considering you got 2 complete meals and additional snacks. Much more than I expected. Would fly Japan Airlines again." Cons: "I don't think there was much that could have been improved. The seats were as comfortable as could be expected when paying an economy price."Read more about Japan Airlines Pros: "The crew was polite, responsive and friendly. The food was very good and served hot. For a flight to Japan, I thought $1,000 round trip direct from Boston was an excellent price considering you got 2 complete meals and additional snacks. Much more than I expected. Would fly Japan Airlines again." Cons: "I don't think there was much that could have been improved. The seats were as comfortable as could be expected when paying an economy price." Pros: "I volunteered when flight attendant asked if I would help in exit row responsibility." Cons: "I got SSSS on my boarding pass and was subjected to not one but TWO thorough searches at NRT and DFW!!! It was traumatic for me and when an explosives man came up, I was totally upset!!! Please explain what I did in purchasing the ticket that flagged me for this horrible search!!!" Pros: "The crew is outstanding. A girl two seats away from me barfed and two attendants were there immediately with a bag, cleaning wipes, etc. They are very friendly and patient with passengers. The next best part was the comfort. I got a good amount of sleep on my nine-hour flight." Cons: "The movie selection and meals were not bad, but I've had better on other airlines." Pros: "Tv audio didn’t work. They forgot to movie me to another seat. I paid for Wi-Fi and it didn’t work with Netflix or hbo go. Luggage was lost too" Pros: "I like the guy who’s checking me in he’s very kind." Cons: "Food." Pros: "Boarding was quick as i've come to expect from DFW." Cons: "I bought economy to save money, but unfortunately since I got the very back of the plane my seat couldn't recline." Pros: "i cancelled my flight and still have not got my money returned" Cons: "I dont have my return but you take it right away" Pros: "Flight attendants were incredibly nice. Seats were comfortable enough. I appreciated the complementary items. Bathroom was spacious and had extra options I normally wouldn’t receive from an American flight." Pros: "Crew was polite and courteous, spoke multiple languages, they came around multiple times to offer beverages, pilot/staff kept us informed about reason for delay to gate, arrived earlier than expected, usb charging available, bathroom was cleaned multiple times during flight, clean bathroom, and there were toothbrushes/sanitary pads available in the bathroom, and enjoyed that they had Haagen Daaz ice cream." Cons: "The pocket in front had no room to put a drink/bottle. Food was relatively better compared to other airlines but okay. Movie selection was good but compared to other airlines has less." Pros: "Check in process and counter Agents were very helpful Seat spacing good for economy food was good" Cons: "Movie Selection" Cons: "the entertainment on the app didn’t work. and there was no seat back tv things. there was a movie playing in the aisle of the airplane. there was no way to charge any devices while our domestic flight had the tvs on the back of the seats and international plugs for every seat" Cons: "Because of 12 hr between original flight and this flight, we drive" Cons: "I don’t understand the concept of the ability to use your mobile device for entertainment, yet not having a power source to charge your device." Cons: "5 hour delay including multiple gate changes, being pulled off the runway and poor communication" Cons: "I expect better service from American Airlines, total disappointment. Given incorrect information by 2 gate agents concerning connecting flight delays." Pros: "Wi-Fi was great. Watched two movies. Flight was on time and painless" Cons: "Only complimentary snack was pretzels and only a cup of water." Pros: "One was great and one was not helpful and was condescending" Cons: "The desk people were aggressively unhelpful when I asked for advice on getting a jacket back that I had left my previous flight (less than an hour earlier). They treated me with derision and ridicule because my previous flight was with a different airline, an airline that is closely enough associated with American that they booked me on an American flight. It should have been possible to at least talk to someone that could address my situation but now I'm stuck with the likely loss of something important to me and a strong dislike of American airlines. I'm probably just salty because it happened yesterday though. I'll get over the jacket eventually and probably fly with American again. But I will always resent them." Cons: "LATAM is an absolutely horrible airline with horrible customer service. They changed the itinerary more than 3 times. I contacted KAYAK to help and you (KAYAK) did not help stating "that is the Airline's fault". This may be true. But if you are going to take my money for the tickets, please also take the time to address my concerns and solve the problems created by the company that you work with." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Lost luggage for more than 18 hours. Poor costumer service by baggage assistance: Too many issues to even mention it. Arrived in Cancun w/o luggages and connection to Cuba with another airline and no luggages for 2 weeks." Cons: "I missed my flight from Dallas to Houston because the flight from Frankfurt was late. However I appreciate the promptness with which Lufthansa customer rep attended to me and put me on another flight. Excellent." Pros: "Seats were comfortable" Cons: "Flight was delayed almost 2 hours. Maintenance - While I understand that these things happen to tell the passengers that maintenance crew "can't find a screw" to fix some panelling on the plane seems rediculous. Then further delay the flight because the wrong luggage was loaded?" Pros: "On time flight." Cons: "Security was overzealous. I didn't know the standards changed for how many ounces you could carry over three days. The normal ounces of liquid was no more than 4.0 ounces. I had no problem going through security with that amount of spray deodorant flying from IAW, Dulles. DFW airport security says the limit is no more than 3.4 ounces. So they kept my harmless deodorant. I need TSA to get on the same sheet of music worldwide. People don't have time or money to waste having to deal with different TSA standards everywhere they go." Pros: "Boarding was easy. Just waiting in line to get on a plane. Pretty easy." Cons: "No problems with the flight from Dallas to Chicago. Very quick and easy flight. Chicago to Paris was a bad experience." Pros: "I arrived safely at my destination." Cons: "I fully understand that weather and accompanying delays are unpredictable at best. But to be updated every 30 minutes over what turned into a 3 hour wait was frustrating. I appreciated the updates, but I could have done lots of fun things if I'd known the time would end up being 3 hours. Maybe you could work on the accuracy of your delays and how long it will really take. The flight attendants seemed as though they didn't even want to be there." Pros: "Dallas flight was 1 hour delayed, United landed in terminal C (C115) in Newark, flight to Hartford departed in terminal A (A26). People were running to catch the Newark to Hartford gate on the other side of the airport. I am surprise United hasn't beeen sued for this lack of consideration to their customers. Luckily I was not in a wheelchair to run across to the other side of the airport due to United delay. I wonder how a United employee would feel if ithis happened to them and their children or disabled parents. Flying is already stressful enough, experiencing a flight delay and forcing people to run like cattles in an airport only pushes people to drive rather then fly." Cons: "Try placing inbound and departure United planes in the same terminal instead on on the other side of an airport. If you delay a flight, the departure flight should be delayed too to allow customers a fair chance to get home. Not everyone can run like Husain Bolt in an airport. Consider your future customers." Pros: "The power outlets were a perfect way to be ready to arrive home. Great option of personal mobile device entertainment." Cons: "No television on that flight." Cons: "Pay for ticket and couldn't get a seat assignment. Had to go to the kiosk before my flight and try to get a seat. It processed for 5 minutes while I waited thinking it was stuck. Finally it told me there were no seats available unless I wanted to pay for upgrade. Gee I thought a seat came with the price of a ticket. Then there was no shoulder room in the seating and I am an average sized person. There was leg room because it was an exit row. Then they tried to sell me a round-trip ticket that was more costly than buying individual tickets. What a scam." Pros: "Not one thing." Cons: "I chose to fly UA back from a trip to Fort Worth because your price was cheaper than the airline I normally use. Boy do I know why! You have the rudest staff I have ever encountered. My day started out at 6:30am with one of your staff members rudely telling me I had to check my bag, which met all of the dimension requirements you put in place, because two notches on the back side of the carry on did not allow it to completely slide into the display. This women waited until you were halfway through the security line to call you back and make you measure the suitcase. So then you had to walk back through a long line and find yourself even FURTHER back in the line to get through security. She was so unprofessional- not compassionate, unpleasant attitude, and was all about making sure as many people as possible had to pay the extra $25 for a checked bag. The person I flew with is a military wife and you would not honor the free checked bag because her husband was not on the trip and this policy was not included anywhere on her flight documents. Again, the "customer service" reps were rude to her about this and she had to pay the $25 to check her bag. You do not believe in offering quality customer service or ensuring that we have a pleasant experience, you want our money and look to us as an opportunity to make a dollar. Never again!!!" Pros: "The only thing good about this experience is that I didn't go through it alone" Cons: "I was stuck in DFW for over 10 hours, the staff was rude, ineffective and lacked customer service skills in general." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The aircraft looks like a WWI aircraft. So dirty. Floors were nasty with food not picked up from the last trip. Sits are extremely uncomfortable even for a 2 hr flogjt. Last minute flight so we had to do frontier... never again thou" Pros: "I survived!" Cons: "Disruptive passenger should have been removed! The flight was delayed 2 hours." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "At least let the people with no baggage go 1st" Pros: "Really nice crew, really efficient boarding, I loved my seat assignment and the price was RIGHT!" Cons: "Couldn't recline the seats, pretty harsh that you don't even get pretzels but I get it y'all." Pros: "I like how cheap the prices are for a simple weekend trip when you only bring one bag. The woman who boarded us at the terminal was AWESOME. She clearly loves her job, and loves people around her and honestly what else is there that's more important in life than loving people. She was funny, kind, considerate and incredible at customer service. Give that girl a RAISE. We boarded at 4:49 in the morning and her energy lightened the mood for sure." Cons: "I didn't like how even the tray tables were cheap. I also don't like if you want to choose your seat you need to pay... why is that? No other airline does that." Pros: "Overall I liked the price. Never had any problems with Feontier before so that is why I booked it." Cons: "Leaving Denver it was confusing when boarding because the boarding agent was talking on the loud speaker and was saying that it was going to be a fast turnaround and some other stuff but more like rambling something about we were going to be late to Dallas. We wound up being right on time when we landed in Dallas. Wasn't really sure the purpose of the confusion." Cons: "there was a hour wait on the run way. it was hot people were cranky, secondly I have never been on a airline that you literally have to pay for everything including soda and coffee. the landing was very rough. I was not impressed." Pros: "The attendants and speedy boarding" Cons: "Baggage claim took an hr and we had trouble with checking in on the website to and from destinations" Cons: "I paid for seat selection to have 2 seats by ourselves but Frontier changed the type of plane and it changed the seats to an aisle and a middle seat, exactly what I was trying to avoid." Cons: "The plane was downgraded cutting off 40 passengers. It least to an extremely long check in line and alot of yelling and upset customers and added alot of stress and anxiety to those of us traveling" Pros: "Timely flight." Cons: "Being charged for a seat and overhead luggage. That will cause me to favor another carrier. Thanks." Pros: "Everything. The best flight I’ve had in a long time." Cons: "All was good!" Cons: "we Had more space as far as seating on our way out but our flight back seemed like a tighter squeeze. But every thing else was good." Cons: "I did not like the fact that they up charge everything. I have flown everywhere. And never been charged for my back pack. On spirit they charge 65 for a simple carry on backpack." Pros: "I liked this would be my last Spirit flight ever!" Cons: "4.5 hours late for starters." Pros: "We got here early and it was a very very smooth flight." Pros: "It was better than I expected. The landing was perfect!" Cons: "That they charge for everything." Pros: "Liked the way Spirit Airlines were transparent in letting us know all the additional charges at the time of booking itself." Cons: "entertainment system can be added to the flights , as we don't get coffe or Tea for free , we can be occupied by watching some channel." Pros: "Price and size and age of the plane." Cons: "Was not aware of additional baggage charges at the time of the reservation." Pros: "Smiley hosts." Cons: "There is no complimentary drinks or snacks. Bus like seats. Don't recommend for flights over an hour." Japan Airlines8.7 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Dallas to Florida Recent one-way flight deals 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 53mDFW-MIA $28 Search 1/13Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 55mDFW-MIA $29 Search 1/28Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 25mDFW-TPA $29 Search 12/19Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 44mDFW-MCO $30 Search 2/24Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 40mDFW-PNS $104 Search 12/25Mon 1 stopDelta 4h 32mDFW-TPA $129 Search 1/15Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 14mDFW-JAX $135 Search 5/12Sun 1 stopDelta 4h 22mDFW-MCO $175 Search 2/7Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 13h 28mDFW-FLL $187 Search 2/1Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 15h 38mDFW-FLL $192 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$130 or less$180 or less$190 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mDFW-MIA 12/16Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 21mMIA-DFW $49 Search 1/17Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 48mDFW-MIA 1/23Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 25mMIA-DFW $54 Search 1/10Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 57mDFW-MIA 1/13Sat nonstopFrontier 3h 36mMIA-DFW $58 Search 1/9Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 23mDFW-TPA 1/11Thu nonstopFrontier 3h 03mTPA-DFW $58 Search 1/4Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 27mDFW-SRQ 1/8Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 02mSRQ-DFW $196 Search 1/4Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 27mDFW-SRQ 1/8Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 28mSRQ-DFW $204 Search 1/4Thu 1 stopDelta 6h 10mDFW-SRQ 1/8Mon 1 stopDelta 6h 09mSRQ-DFW $215 Search 12/16Sat 1 stopDelta 5h 46mDFW-SRQ 1/21Sun 1 stopDelta 5h 07mSRQ-DFW $266 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 05mDFW-SRQ 1/17Wed 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 38mSRQ-DFW $285 Search 1/23Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 27mDFW-JAX 1/26Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 58mJAX-DFW $353 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$50 or less$60 or less$200 or less$270 or less$350 or less Last minute flights from Dallas to Florida Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 3h 00mDFW-MIA 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 35mMIA-DFW $96 Search 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 47mDFW-MCO 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 15mMCO-DFW $96 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 01mDFW-FLL 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 25mFLL-DFW $111 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 44mDFW-MCO 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 40mMCO-DFW $112 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 3h 50mDFW-PNS 12/16Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 4h 11mPNS-DFW $462 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 45mDFW-PNS 12/16Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 14mPNS-DFW $498 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 4h 44mDFW-MCO 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 5h 15mMCO-DFW $500 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 45mDFW-PNS 12/16Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 17mPNS-DFW $502 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 5h 50mDFW-TPA 12/6Wed multi-stopDelta 6h 24mTPA-DFW $504 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 4h 25mDFW-TPA 12/8Fri multi-stopDelta 7h 52mTPA-DFW $537 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$100 or less$110 or less$500 or less$500 or less$540 or less Dallas/Fort Worth Airport - Florida Flights Departure: Dallas/Fort Worth Airport (DFW)United States Return flight deals: Florida - Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Cabin classes: $564 First Class flights to Florida $772 Business Class flights to Florida $999 Prem Econ Class flights to Florida $61 Economy Class flights to Florida Browse origins: Flights » United States » Texas » Dallas » Dallas/Fort Worth Airport $54Flights from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport to Florida Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida $54Flights to Boca Raton, Florida $67Flights to Bradenton, Florida Flights to Cape Canaveral, Florida $67Flights to Clearwater, Florida Flights to Cocoa Beach, Florida $237Flights to Daytona Beach, Florida $54Flights to Delray Beach, Florida $1,273Flights to Destin, Florida $54Flights to Florida Keys, Florida $66Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Florida $116Flights to Fort Myers, Florida $227Flights to Fort Walton Beach, Florida $247Flights to Gainesville, Florida $54Flights to Islamorada, Florida $179Flights to Jacksonville, Florida $54Flights to Key Largo, Florida $197Flights to Key West, Florida Flights to Kissimmee, Florida $54Flights to Marco Island, Florida $227Flights to Melbourne, Florida, Florida $54Flights to Miami Beach, Florida $54Flights to Miami, Florida Flights to New Smyrna Beach, Florida Flights to Ocala, Florida $60Flights to Orlando, Florida $247Flights to Panama City Beach, Florida $247Flights to Panama City, Florida, Florida $140Flights to Pensacola Beach, Florida $140Flights to Pensacola, Florida $247Flights to Rosemary Beach, Florida $215Flights to Sarasota, Florida $306Flights to Tallahassee, Florida $67Flights to Tampa, Florida $515Flights to Tampa, Florida $227Flights to Valparaiso, Florida, Florida Flights to Vero Beach, Florida $188Flights to West Palm Beach, Florida View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Houston Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Burbank Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Florida flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Florida from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Florida from Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.