‎KAYAK: Flights, Hotels & Cars on the App Store
    Exit Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ App Store Preview KAYAK: Flights, Hotels & Cars 4+ Plan vacations & book trips KAYAK #69 in Travel 4.8 • 379.7K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple TV Apple Watch Description KAYAK all-in-one travel app: more than travel search. Organize your itinerary with Trips, track prices with Price Alerts & more. Your travel planning, made easy. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites at once to find exactly what you need for your trip, from cheap flights to great hotel deals and car rentals. Nonstop flight leaving at 9am? Sure. Pet-friendly vacation rental near the slopes? Yup. SUV rental for under $50/day? We're on it. Because we're travelers too and know that every trip is worth planning. BOOK FLEXIBLY Easily search, filter and sort your options to find the right travel offers for you - whether it's flights you can change with no fees, hotels, vacation rentals and car rentals with free cancellation, the cheapest deal, or the most comfortable seat. SAVE MONEY Get mobile-only rates and Private Deals on the app. Set Price Alerts to find out when prices drop, and use Explore to discover new destinations within your budget. EVERYTHING IN ONE PLACE This is more than just a travel app. Our Trips tool keeps your plans in order. Get alerts for flight and gate changes, access boarding pass on and offline and plan out and share your itinerary, all from one place. Use Guides to create, collect and share daily itineraries, tips and impressions along the way. COMPARE FLIGHT DEALS FROM 900+ SITES • Take the stress out of trip planning. Find flexible flight offers with no change fees. • Search with flexible dates up to +/- 3 days to see when's the best time to fly. • Filter options based on stops, airlines, departure times, cancellation policies, amenities & more. • Save your preferences to see your favorite airlines and hotels first (and skip ones you don't like). • Book at the right time. Price Forecast lets you know whether you should wait or book now. • We'll even show you Hacker Fares which pair together two one-way tickets for a round-trip flight (and save you $$). FIND A RENTAL CAR THAT FITS YOUR TRIP • Search from over 70,000 locations to find the perfect car rental for your trip. • Filter your rental car search by vehicle type including hybrids and electric vehicles, offers with unlimited mileage, enhanced cleaning and much more. • Risk-free booking: Find car rentals with a free cancellation policy so if plans change, you can easily rebook. HOTELS, VACATION RENTALS AND UNIQUE STAYS FROM THOUSANDS OF SITES • Compare all sorts of accommodation, from five-star resorts to holiday homes and boutique hotels. • Looking for a staycation? Uncover deals on amazing places to visit right here in the USA. • Stay flexible by easily filtering for hotel deals and vacation rentals with free cancellation. • Unlock Private Deals and exclusive mobile-only rates for even more savings. EXPLORE: Discover new destinations on your budget • Whether you have $300 or $3,000 to spend, Explore lets you set a budget and shows you where in the world you can go. TRIPS: All your travel plans in one place. • Keep all your plans organized in one travel app, regardless of where you booked. • Forward your booking confirmation emails to trips@kayak.com or sync your Gmail or Outlook account. • Use our Flight Tracker to stay up-to-date on any flight's progress, with real-time status updates, gate change & baggage claim notifications. • Check your Trip Stats to see how far you traveled, your top cities, and how many times you've been around the world. • Your traveler data is safe and secure - meaning you never have to re-enter your booking and credit card info. • Share your vacation plans with family & friends. • No signal, no problem. View your itinerary and notes with no internet connection. MEASURE YOUR BAG • AR measuring tool lets you know if your carry-on bag complies with the policy of the airline you're flying with. PRICE ALERTS: Never miss a deal • Let us do the searching for you. Create a Price Alert and we’ll notify you when the price drops. Download the KAYAK travel app now and get ready for your next travel adventure! What’s New Nov 28, 2023 Version 225.0.0 We fixed some bugs here and there to make our app even better. Ratings and Reviews 4.8 out of 5 379.7K Ratings 379.7K Ratings RedXIII_ , 06/15/2018 A joy to use Kayak has been a fantastic company to use for anything travel! & has continued to impress me with their fun and very easy to use features. Airline companies often set standard pricing for their flights and the caveat that the normal person is looking for it matching all these flights with their specific needs i.e. layover timeline, # of bags, airline make/model, & flight times. A ‘Good Deal’ is a very generalized term and many other apps use that as their main means of persuasion when in fact it’s clear that sites like Kayak are so good at categorizing exactly what meets your needs and alining airliners to your schedule, like advertised they have a multitude of tools like bag number and layover timeline settings with a accurate representation of what the cost will be regardless if it is two separate companies. If you choose a flight selection that has a 2 hour layover for one airliner and you select ‘book’ the airliners website which it directs you to within the app has that selection already selected. I could go on and on about how easy and secure this app is to use so please give it a try. BEWARE: WARNING , 02/09/2022 Use hopper instead I’ve used hopper forever as I travel monthly. A friend recommended kayak and I have booked 2 trips with it. The first it rerouted my and added another stop without letting me know on a round trip. The second, which inspired this review was a multi city trip. It messed up my reservation and I spent an hour at the help desi fixing it during check in for the first flight. After this story, it rerouted us for our next stop to have a layover in city in the opposite direction without sharing this information to or giving an indication as to what happened to our initial booking. I then went in to move a flight time after already paying for the insurance, I looked up how to do this on their app and when I hit “change” to see other options it simply DELETED our flight reservation with no notification or prompt warning us. We were not given a refund or other alternatives to switch back in or change flights. If you were wondering they do not have customer service as they say you need to contact the airline for assistance as they are only a third party site. For our flight home it has moved our reservation to the following day when I work and with another timely layover. I genuinely never write reviews but I hope this saves someone the trouble 😊 Developer Response , Hi there, Feel free to share screenshots or more information about your booking experience with the provider of your reservation via www.kayak.com/support. We'll gladly take a closer look. H3110 101 , 03/05/2019 I love this app I got this app for one plane flight, simple as that. I was planning on deleting it right after because I thought I had no use for it. But then I started to realize that any trips I was planning on taking would show up on this app and would be organized by time and date (because I connected my email). I’m planning on taking an Amtrak to the airport and then back again & accidentally chose the wrong date for the train back, and because Kayak organizes the trips so well, I was able to catch that but if not for this app, that would have been $20 down the bin & a missed class. I honestly love this app because there are no annoying adds that pop up when I’m trying to figure my plans out & it helps me organize everything so well. It also works offline when I’m looking at my already planned trips which will help out a lot when I’m abroad. I don’t use the search tool within the app for hotels cars or flights, but they have that option as well. Events NOW AVAILABLE MAJOR UPDATE KAYAK Price Alerts App Privacy The developer, KAYAK, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Financial Info Location Contact Info Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Kayak Software Corp Size 131.1 MB Category Travel Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 15.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 15.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 15.0 or later. Apple TV Requires tvOS 9.2 or later. Languages English, Arabic, Catalan, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Estonian, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2023 KAYAK Software Corp Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Wallet Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place. More By This Developer SWOODOO: Flüge, Hotels & Autos Travel checkfelix: Flüge Hotels Autos Travel Mundi: Voos, Hotéis e Carros Travel You Might Also Like momondo: Flights, Hotels, Cars Travel Cheapflights: Flights & Hotels Travel Last Minute – Cheap Flights Travel Cheap flights - WayAway Travel Kiwi.com: Book Cheap Flights Travel Skyscanner – travel deals Travel More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map