Cheap Flights from Houston G. Bush Airport to Manila from $574 | (IAH - MNL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW IAH - MNL Find cheap flights from Houston George Bush Airport to Manila from $574 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/23. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Manila These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Houston to Manila. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Houston to Manila. How much is the cheapest flight from Houston to Manila?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Houston to Manila that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:10 pm - 5:50 amIAH-MNL 45h 40m2 stops 7:35 pm - 2:30 pmMNL-IAH 31h 55m2 stops $890Singapore Airlines Find Deal Fri, Apr 19 - Mon, May 6 12:50 am - 11:40 amIAH-MNL 21h 50m1 stop 12:40 pm - 11:00 pmMNL-IAH 23h 20m1 stop $997EVA Air Find Deal Wed, Apr 24 - Tue, May 21 12:50 am - 11:40 amIAH-MNL 21h 50m1 stop 12:40 pm - 10:40 pmMNL-IAH 23h 00m1 stop $999EVA Air Find Deal Mon, Apr 15 - Tue, Apr 30 7:10 pm - 6:35 pmIAH-MNL 34h 25m1 stop 7:35 pm - 2:30 pmMNL-IAH 31h 55m1 stop $1,005Singapore Airlines Find Deal Fri, Apr 19 - Mon, May 6 12:50 am - 5:25 pmIAH-MNL 27h 35m1 stop 5:45 am - 11:00 pmMNL-IAH 30h 15m1 stop $1,009EVA Air Find Deal Mon, Apr 15 - Wed, May 8 4:20 pm - 11:55 amIAH-MNL 29h 35m2 stops 1:10 pm - 3:12 pmMNL-IAH 40h 02m2 stops $1,079Air Canada Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Wed, Feb 21 9:15 pm - 6:10 pmIAH-MNL 30h 55m1 stop 10:00 pm - 8:20 pmMNL-IAH 35h 20m1 stop $1,088Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Tue, Mar 19 8:55 pm - 8:50 pmIAH-MNL 34h 55m1 stop 9:25 pm - 7:10 pmMNL-IAH 34h 45m1 stop $1,094Turkish Airlines Find Deal Thu, Apr 25 - Tue, May 21 4:20 pm - 11:55 amIAH-MNL 29h 35m2 stops 1:10 pm - 3:12 pmMNL-IAH 40h 02m2 stops $1,103Air Canada Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Wed, Feb 7 6:45 am - 5:45 amIAH-MNL 33h 00m2 stops 9:40 am - 7:19 pmMNL-IAH 23h 39m2 stops $1,314Japan Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Thu, Feb 22 Show more results Flights from Houston to Manila - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Houston to Manila to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Manila? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Manila is September, where tickets cost $963 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,818 and $1,571 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Manila? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Manila, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 78 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Houston George Bush Airport to Manila? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Singapore Airlines ($574) and Turkish Airlines ($1,003). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Singapore Airlines ($890) and EVA Air ($997). How long does a flight from Houston George Bush Airport to Manila take? There are no direct flights for this route listed on KAYAK. The shortest multi-flight duration is 21h 50m. Good to know Low season September High season June Cheapest flight $574 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 24% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 26% increase in price. Flight from Houston George Bush Airport to Manila When to book flights from Houston to Manila Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Houston to Manila based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Houston George Bush Airport to Manila flights Are there eco-friendly options for flights to Manila from Houston? You can use KAYAK’s CO2 sorting option to find more eco-friendly flights from Houston to Manila. While the average passenger’s emissions are 8,295 lbs for such journeys, you could save about 47% (3,893 lbs) flying with United and ANA through Honolulu and Tokyo. For one-stop trips, flying ANA and Japan Airlines through Tokyo could save around 44% (3,646 lbs). What are my public transportation options to downtown Manila from Ninoy Aquino International Airport? There are several public bus routes that have stops at Terminals 3 and 4 of Manila’s International Airport, but most require at least one transfer. For a more direct route, there is the LRT Line 1, which you can catch at Baclaran, that stops in central Manila. The Baclaran stop is about 1.5 miles away, so you may want to take a taxi there. Is there a visa requirement for travel to Ninoy Aquino International Airport from Houston? As long as you are not staying over 30 days in Manila or the Philippines and you have a US passport that has not expired, you do not need a visa. Your passport must have six months of validity after your scheduled departure, and you may be asked for proof of your departure from the Philippines. Are there hotels connected to Ninoy Aquino International Airport? If you want a rest before continuing into Manila after you arrive from Houston, you can choose from several hotels by the airport. Some, including the Manila Airport and RedDoorz, are located across from Terminal 1, while others, like the Belmont Hotel and the Savoy Hotel, are across from Terminal 3. What time should I get to George Bush Intercontinental Airport for my flight to Manila? You should plan on arriving at the George Bush Intercontinental Airport at least three hours before your flight is scheduled to take off. This should give you enough time to check in and go through a TSA checkpoint before you have to board your plane. There are also lanes for TSA PreCheck and Clear members for faster processing. What entertainment options will there be on flights from Houston to Manila? Expanding the flight information on your search results will tell you what entertainment is available on flights to Manila from Houston. For example, on flights with United and ANA with connections in Los Angeles and Tokyo, there should be seatback consoles on all legs of the journey. The same is usually true for EVA Air flights through Taipei. How can I get to IAH from downtown Houston, and how much does it cost? Public transit can take you to George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH) from downtown Houston. METRO Bus 102 travels to the airport from downtown Houston and stops at Terminal C. The ride costs around $1.20. It takes around 1h 30min to reach the airport from downtown Houston using public transportation. Is there sufficient parking at George Bush Intercontinental Airport? IAH offers a variety of parking options across Terminals A, B, C, D, and E. Parking options include hourly parking for a fee of $5 to $15, valet parking at a cost of $14-28, Ecopark for $5.54-$7.39, and Superpark ranging from $9 to $26. The quoted payment rates are for up to 24h of parking. Is there a nursing area at the George Bush Intercontinental Airport? Traveling with babies has been made easier and more comfortable at the George Bush Intercontinental Airport. The airport offers nursing areas for nursing mothers, which you can find in Terminals A, B, C, and E. There are also nurseries with baby cribs and rocking chairs in Terminals B and D. You will also find baby changing tables in most restrooms, including family restrooms and men’s and women’s restrooms. Does George Bush Intercontinental Airport provide wheelchairs? Wheelchairs are available to you through your airline. Before you fly to your destination, make arrangements with your airline to get an electric cart or wheelchair. You can also request one at the ticket counter. Do I need a passport to fly between Houston George Bush Airport and Manila? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Manila from Houston George Bush Airport. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Houston George Bush Airport to Manila? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Houston George Bush Airport to Manila? Star Alliance, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Houston George Bush Airport and Manila, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Manila from Houston George Bush Airport? Taipei City is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Houston George Bush Airport to Manila. Which is the best airline for flights from Houston to Manila, Japan Airlines or ANA? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Houston to Manila are Japan Airlines and ANA. With an average price for the route of $1,365 and an overall rating of 8.7, Japan Airlines is the most popular choice. ANA is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,661 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Houston George Bush Airport to Manila? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Houston George Bush Airport to Manila. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Houston George Bush Airport to Manila? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Manila from Houston George Bush Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Houston George Bush Airport to Manila? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Manila with an airline and back to Houston George Bush Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Houston George Bush Airport and MNL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Houston George Bush Airport to Manila? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Manila from Houston George Bush Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from IAH to Manila Let the drop-down calendar’s colors help you pick the best day to fly from Houston (IAH) to Manila (MNL). Green dates have the cheapest fares, yellow ones are in the middle, and red dates are the priciest. If you want a stopover or two to stretch your legs as you travel to Manila from Houston, but you don’t want to spend a lot of time, you can use the Duration filter to set a range of hours and filter out the flights with long layover times. Traveling from Houston to Manila involves crossing several time zones. The number with the “+” sign above the arrival time on your search results indicates how many days it will take. A “+2” means that if you leave on a Saturday, you’ll arrive on Monday. George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH) is the main airport serving the Greater Houston Metro. From downtown Houston, you can reach the Houston Airport by taking US-59 to Will Clayton Parkway, or Beltway 8, and access the airport from either road. Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) is the major airport in the Manila metro area. It’s the primary entry point for international travelers to the Philippines. MNL airport is located 3.4 miles south of Manila. You can get to downtown Manila via taxi or shuttle, or you can rent a car at the airport. If you’d like to relax at a lounge as you wait to board your flight, George Bush Intercontinental Airport offers a few to choose from. Access to the lounges is open to all travelers, as long as you’re willing to purchase a day pass, pay at the door, or subscribe to an annual membership plan. You will find lounges owned by different airlines, including Air France, Admirals Club, Centurion Lounge, United Club, and USO Lounge. If you have a few hours before your flight, you can take advantage of the free live music and art shows at IAH Airport. Four days a week, the airport hosts local jazz groups and classical musicians, providing a tranquil feel to the normally busy environment. You can find these concerts in Terminal A and Terminal D. If you need cash, you can use the ATM/cash machines at IAH Airport. The ATMs are located at both Landside and Airside of the Houston Airport. There is also an international currency exchange service offered at Terminals E, D, C, and B. Most banking facilities are open from 7:30am to 12am. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Houston to Manila See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Houston to Manila. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Houston to Manila? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 84food 89boarding 85entertainment 88overall 90crew 86comfort Airline reviews I hope they never ran out of the menu choice one makes. They often do.Read more about Japan Airlines I hope they never ran out of the menu choice one makes. They often do. Pros: "The crew that checked me and those who were onboard were very helpful and cheerful." Cons: "Better choices of movies on board." Pros: "The crew always smiles and very accomodating." Cons: "The main course could have been better or improve. I wasn’t satisfied with the taste." Cons: "Trip to Manila from Tokyo was delayed for 3hrs plus" Pros: "was not able to board and was checked in 4 hours in advance" Cons: "Be able to select seats online within 24hours of flight for free" Cons: "The fact that my father was diagnosed with Cancer and they wouldn’t refund our 1300.00 for round trip tickets to the Philippines which is our vacation home. The airline required documentation from my fathers doc which I provided. He was not going anywhere for at least a year (radiation and chemo) and the denied even credit.I was able to get my parents tickets refunded by a different airline. NEVER Again. my father passed 8/12/2018. Our trip was scheduled for 9/13/2018. Very disappointing.see" Pros: "Very efficient getting the plane loaded trying to beat a Typhoon approaching. immediately compensated passengers after a couple of delays. excellent service." Pros: "This flight was part of a longer trip - I flew from Hartford, CT, USA on a different airline and connected to Japan Airlines in Chicago. I flew Chicago to Tokyo in JAL and then from Tokyo to Manila again on JAL. The service on first leg was very good and friendly of my JAL flights, food was good, seat was comfortable. Then on my second flight from Tokyo to Manila I was shocked but thrilled that I had been given an upgrade to first class. The whole experience was outstanding! The seat was incredibly comfortable and the food was phenomenal. The only problem, not that you could call it a problem, was that I was so comfortable with my fluffy pillow and fully reclining seat that I couldn’t stay awake to finish my movie! Thank you!" Cons: "Not applicable" Pros: "Very smooth ticketing and boarding on Tokyo to Manila." Cons: "In LA terminal, instead of the gate number the airport labeled my flight as “TBIT.” Not being local, I had no way of knowing it meant Tom Bradley International Terminal. I stayed near another gait that had international flights, and it turned out the gate was clear on the other side of the complex, which is obscured by construction. If I hadn’t asked one of the workers there I would have missed my flight." Overall experience is good. Except that the one of the assistant ground attendant during my check in is quite annoying when i asked her only one question, something regading the boardong pass. She should be more helpful and accommodating not arrogant. Pros: "Very clean. Crew was very good. Food was for the most part fine." Cons: "Entertainment was pretty lacking. No paid WiFi service on the airplane for a modern country’s air fleet... only texting." Pros: "The 787 is fantastic. First class feels in the economy. The food offering is also first class. Service is amazing." Cons: "Serve the cold soba for all meals. :) Love it." Pros: "The attentions to the passangers are much more friendly than the ones offered today by the american and european airlines, which are today getting more and more cold and unfriendly." Cons: "The second food service." Cons: "Food was great, flight attendant were very friendly and helpful and eager to make sure I was comfortable, ANA rocks as a awesome carrier; my goto airline when it’s time to cross the pacific again" Pros: "The crew was wonderful. Polite and professional. The meals were very good for economy class." Cons: "The seats felt like there was no padding in the seat. The back was fine." Pros: "The crew was amazing. They were all very nice to us." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "The seats were substantially more cramped than the other flight." Pros: "Crew was great. Economy premium was definitely worth the extra cost" Cons: "I wish the flight wasn't 13 hours haha" Cons: "Fellow passenger didn't stay in his space , would prefer flight attendant to inform kindly" I didn’t get to go, and no refund was available after asking for 2 months I was very impressed with this airline. The flight was comfortable the plane was clean and the attendants were very nice. The zipper on my suitcase broke after I checked it. The airline wrapped it in plastic wrap, so it wouldn’t continue to fall apart. Every item I had in the suitcase was there when I got to Los Angeles. That is above and beyond! Pros: "everything, the crew was efficient" Cons: "more African entertainment to be added on the Johannesburg route" Pros: "Average flight" Cons: "Seats on this aircraft have very upright seats. Not very comfy" Pros: "Crew" Cons: "Short and sweet. Flight left on time and landed about 15 mins early. Crew was wonderful" Pros: "As a frequent flyer, I have found out that the few dollars i spend more on SQ is well worth it" Pros: "The staff is amazing and know what parents of bubs need." Pros: "Prompt boarding, friendly service, decent food, plentiful entertainment. Singapore Airlines was a great choice for my flight from Texas to England." Pros: "The flight attendants were nice, attentive and joyful!" Cons: "Sitting in a middle seat. Was told at the jetway counter no aisle or window seats were available. I saw no fewer than 5 empty aisle seats in my area." Pros: "Seats in economy were larger than United. Food was good for airplane food, even found a last minute vegetarian meal not ordered ahead. Appreciated a gratis glass of wine. Found a clean pillow and blanket in every seat upon boarding." Cons: "My screen had to be reset twice as it froze up. The attendants kept taking my water cups despite them not being empty. Boarding was less than organized, could have been more efficient. We made up time, arriving a few minutes early even after departing late." Cons: "The food was terrible. Only one option and I didn't like it." Pros: "nothing" Cons: "airport personells are rude and lazy. airline seats are very unconfortable. flight attendants not very a comodating to seniors like me" Cons: "Comfort, I Need to get to where I can fly first class" Pros: "Despite the short flight, they still served a delicious meal! Great movie and music selections. Would definitely fly them again." Pros: "I liked that it was orderly when checking in and unto the plane. The pilot kept us informed of departure and arrival time, how long we had to our destination and keeping us safe when it was turbulent. Asking everyone to buckle down and for us to remain in our seats. Even the crew who was serving had to sit down." Cons: "The crew who were attending us, did not smile or even made eye contact. They seemed like robots while serving us. After we had our first meal, many of us went to sleep, but they did not come around to offer us water or any type of beverage or snack. We had to go to the back of the plane or ask then to get water and snacks. The snacks were lacked variety and quality." Cons: "I didn’t like the last meal that they served. It’s fish fillet with tomato sauce and no other option." Pros: "Was quite nice for a two hour flight. They gave us a free meal again." Cons: "Nothing I didn't like." Pros: "I liked their services the most. All staff and crew were very courteous." Pros: "Got upgraded to their absolutely amazing first (laurel) class. Royal treatment with a smile." Pros: "flight is on time. you ca pre check. crew is helpful. amenities are there. one of the best long flights i had." The screen was not clean.It had stains of previous customer .Also the toilets..My daughter got urine infection. Not happy with the cleanliness of aircraft.Also requested multiple time hot beverages but not served at all sighting disturbances. Request on behalf of every passenger please sanitize and clean as we stay for 15 plus hours.. Pros: "Attentive and friendly crew, leg room" Cons: "Need to serve better food in economy. There is a little more legroom in economy compared to other airlines, however, the seats are tight. They are not wide enough. Need better movie selection." Cons: "Poor Flight and worst food and bad staff from Doha Airport. Worst food in qatar flight" Pros: "My FA from IAH to DOH was outstanding. She made sure I was comfortable the whole flight" Pros: "The crew is always very professional." Cons: "The inflight entertainment was down for 2/3 of the people flying. And it was a 14 hour flight... :/" Pros: "The crew was amazing and delightful" Cons: "The crew was amazing and delightful but should provide food to kids first before even those special diet or vegetarians." Pros: "Qsuite is the best flight experience I've ever had by a long, long way." Cons: "Houston airport qatar airways check in office has 4 counters and 2 were for people who electronically checked in and they were only a few and other 2 counters were for the huge line. Need more counters. Doha airport has majority of Indian national personell at check in and luggage checkins. They have to learn some manners and be polite with people. Rudeness is a turn off passengers who are tired" Cons: "The airline demaged both of my completely new suitcases. They both had TSA approved locks. One of the suitcses has a missing wheel, another one ripped zipper and missing lock and it was wraped in plastic. A few items were missing from that bag." Pros: "Comfort in long foight was amazing. Never felt tired. Upgraded movie collection. Food was great." Cons: "Carry on baggage allowance is way too low. Only 7kgs including laptop bag is too low for international travel. TV screens were a bit old enough and had to click multiple times." Japan Airlines8.7 ANA8.6 Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 Qatar Airways8.2 Book cheap flights from Houston to Manila Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Houston to Manila found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/23Tue 2 stopsSingapore Airlines 33h 10mIAH-MNL $574 Search 2/10Sat 2 stops 33h 23mIAH-MNL $575 Search 1/23Tue 3 stops 55h 29mIAH-MNL $591 Search 1/16Tue 3 stops 52h 03mIAH-MNL $598 Search 2/10Sat 3 stops 34h 05mIAH-MNL $607 Search 2/24Sat 1 stopTurkish Airlines 30h 55mIAH-MNL $1,003 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopQatar Airways 32h 50mIAH-MNL $1,109 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopEVA Air 22h 15mIAH-MNL $1,176 Search 12/14Thu 1 stopANA 22h 05mIAH-MNL $1,573 Search 12/14Thu 1 stopANA 22h 05mIAH-MNL $1,725 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSingapore AirlinesTurkish AirlinesQatar AirwaysEVA AirANA Search by price$580 or less$600 or less$1,000 or less$1,180 or less$1,730 or less Last minute flights from Houston to Manila Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Houston to Manila that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stopEVA Air 28h 20mIAH-MNL 12/14Thu multi-stopEVA Air 31h 10mMNL-IAH $1,363 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopEVA Air 28h 20mIAH-MNL 12/9Sat multi-stopEVA Air 22h 00mMNL-IAH $1,374 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEVA Air 28h 20mIAH-MNL 12/15Fri multi-stopEVA Air 22h 00mMNL-IAH $1,485 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 27h 00mIAH-MNL 12/5Tue multi-stop 29h 29mMNL-IAH $1,495 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEVA Air 56h 10mIAH-MNL 12/14Thu multi-stopEVA Air 31h 10mMNL-IAH $1,507 Search 12/1Fri multi-stop 33h 24mIAH-MNL 12/4Mon multi-stop 45h 50mMNL-IAH $1,539 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 28h 08mIAH-MNL 12/15Fri multi-stop 33h 03mMNL-IAH $1,567 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 26h 45mIAH-MNL 12/5Tue multi-stop 30h 30mMNL-IAH $1,574 Search 12/1Fri multi-stop 27h 00mIAH-MNL 12/7Thu multi-stop 31h 35mMNL-IAH $1,580 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopSingapore Airlines 28h 15mIAH-MNL 12/4Mon multi-stopSingapore Airlines 56h 08mMNL-IAH $2,656 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineEVA AirSingapore Airlines Search by price$1,370 or less$1,500 or less$1,540 or less$1,570 or less$2,660 or less Houston George Bush Airport - Manila Flights Departure: Houston George Bush Airport (IAH)United States Destination: Manila (MNL)Philippines Return flight deals: Manila - Houston George Bush Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Manila Business Class flights to Manila Prem Econ Class flights to Manila Economy Class flights to Manila Browse origins: Flights » United States » Texas » Houston » Houston George Bush Airport $890Flights from Houston George Bush Intcntl Airport to Manila Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Philippines » Manila $890Flights to Manila, Manila Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Ontario Flights to Phoenix Flights to Burbank Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Manila flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Manila from Houston George Bush Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Manila from Houston George Bush Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.