Cheap Flights from Denver to Seattle from $29 | (DEN - SEA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW DEN - SEA Find cheap flights from Denver to Seattle from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/30. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Seattle These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Denver to Seattle. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Denver to Seattle. How much is the cheapest flight from Denver to Seattle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Denver to Seattle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 1:48 pm - 3:59 pmDEN-SEA 3h 11mnonstop 4:51 pm - 8:30 pmSEA-DEN 2h 39mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sat, Jan 27 11:50 am - 2:02 pmDEN-SEA 3h 12mnonstop 4:51 pm - 8:30 pmSEA-DEN 2h 39mnonstop $68Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Jan 18 3:24 pm - 9:28 pmDEN-SEA 7h 04m1 stop 8:04 pm - 11:52 pmSEA-DEN 2h 48mnonstop $76 Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Fri, Jan 12 6:29 pm - 8:42 pmDEN-SEA 3h 13mnonstop 1:49 pm - 5:34 pmSEA-DEN 2h 45mnonstop $138Delta Find Deal Thu, Jan 4 - Fri, Jan 5 9:48 pm - 11:59 pmDEN-SEA 3h 11mnonstop 6:11 am - 9:53 amSEA-DEN 2h 42mnonstop $148Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 3 - Sat, Jan 6 5:40 am - 9:35 amDEN-SEA 4h 55m1 stop 1:35 pm - 7:14 pmSEA-DEN 4h 39m1 stop $157Delta Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Sun, Jan 14 7:59 pm - 11:02 amDEN-SEA 16h 03m1 stop 2:00 pm - 5:39 pmSEA-DEN 2h 39mnonstop $158Alaska Airlines Find Deal Fri, Mar 8 - Sat, Mar 9 6:55 pm - 11:59 pmDEN-SEA 6h 04m1 stop 9:00 am - 4:34 pmSEA-DEN 6h 34m1 stop $177American Airlines Find Deal Sat, May 11 - Wed, May 15 6:00 am - 1:47 pmDEN-SEA 8h 47m1 stop 2:55 pm - 10:44 pmSEA-DEN 6h 49m1 stop $179United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 29 - Fri, Mar 1 12:12 pm - 10:34 pmDEN-SEA 11h 22m2 stops 11:03 am - 6:08 pmSEA-DEN 6h 05m1 stop $252American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Sun, Jan 14 Show more results Flights from Denver to Seattle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Denver to Seattle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Denver to Seattle? The average price of all flights from Denver to Seattle clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Seattle on a Tuesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from Denver to Seattle. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Wednesday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Denver to Seattle? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Denver to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Denver to Seattle is February, where tickets cost $148 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $298 and $288 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Denver to Seattle? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Denver to Seattle, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Denver to Seattle, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Denver to Seattle? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Denver to Seattle found on KAYAK was with Frontier for $29. Frontier proposed a round-trip connection from $58 and Spirit Airlines from $81. Which airlines fly most frequently between Denver and Seattle? Denver and Seattle are connected by different airlines. The airlines that fly that route the most regularly are Southwest (4 flights per day), United Airlines (3 flights per day), and Alaska Airlines (2 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Denver and Seattle? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Denver to Seattle. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Denver to Seattle. They are: Alaska Airlines, Delta, Frontier, Southwest and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $47 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Denver and Seattle per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 19 nonstop flights that take off from Denver and land in Seattle, with an average flight time of 3h 06m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 90 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Denver and Seattle? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Denver to Seattle take? Direct flights cover the 1,022 miles separating Denver to Seattle in about 2h 57m. What’s the earliest departure time from Denver to Seattle? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Denver at 5:30 am and will be landing in Seattle at 7:44 am. What’s the latest departure time from Denver to Seattle? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Denver to Seattle jets off at 10:15 pm and lands at 12:15 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 27% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 38% increase in price. Flight from Denver to Seattle When to book flights from Denver to Seattle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Denver to Seattle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Denver to Seattle Which is the best way to get to downtown Seattle from SEA? The distance from SEA to the city center of Seattle is approximately 13.8 miles. A light rail provides the best way to travel between these two distances, taking about 40min to complete the journey. Another option is to hop onto the airport shuttle, which takes around 1h to commute from SEA to the city center of Seattle. If you want to get there in under 25min, a taxi is handy. Which family-friendly amenities are the SEA? Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) has rooms where moms can pump or breastfeed in privacy. These facilities are situated in Concourse D on the lower level of D Annex and Concourse N on the Mezzanine level. Also in these rooms are comfy chairs, electrical sockets, and sinks. Which airline allows pets on board from DEN to SEA? Passengers flying American Airlines will be glad to know that the carrier allows you to bring pets like cats and dogs in the cabin when traveling from DEN and SEA. Remember to carry their health documents and vaccination certificates; you must restrain them in their cages during the trip. Where can I withdraw money at SEA? Various banks and credit unions run their ATMs at SEA, making it easy for arriving travelers to recharge their wallets. They’re situated on Concourse A and in the Baggage Claim. Does Denver International Airport offer any amenities for pets or service animals? In addition to having several indoor pet relief areas in Terminals A, B, and C of Denver International Airport, there is an outdoor relief zone that can be found in Jeppesen Terminal. Each of these areas contains grass, secure fencing, soap, running water, and waste disposal bags. There is also a 4 Paws Pet Resort that is connected to the airport via a free shuttle and provides boarding and grooming services for animals. Do any airlines have lounges for their customers at Denver International Airport? Both American Airlines and Delta Airlines have lounges located in Concourse A of Denver International Airport in the Departures terminal. Additionally, United Club has two lounges that can be found in the airport’s East Wing and West Wing, and they also offer an annual membership program. Are there any shower facilities at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? To take a quick shower after your plane has landed, go to the Delta Airlines Sky Club between Gates S8 and S9 in Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. This lounge allows travelers to buy entry tickets at the door and has shower stalls, hairdryers, towels, and toiletry kits that contain shampoo and soap. Where can I rent a car at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? To rent a car from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, go to the Rental Car Facility by taking the free 24h shuttle that departs from outside of the Arrivals terminal. Several major rental companies can be found in this center, including Budget and Enterprise, and most of them keep their cars on-site or provide free transportation to their parking garage facility. Do I need a passport to fly between Denver and Seattle? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airports will I be using when flying from Denver to Seattle? Denver and Seattle are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Denver from Denver Intl and will be arriving at Seattle/Tacoma Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Denver to Seattle? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Denver to Seattle flight route: Delta, Alaska Airlines, Cape Air, Air Canada, Lufthansa, and American Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Denver to Seattle? The Boeing 737-900 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Denver to Seattle flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Denver to Seattle? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Denver and Seattle, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Denver to Seattle? There are nonstop flights from Denver to Seattle on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Denver to Seattle, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Denver to Seattle are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $238 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $238 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Denver to Seattle? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Denver to Seattle. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Denver to Seattle? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Seattle from Denver is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Denver to Seattle? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Seattle with an airline and back to Denver with another airline. Booking your flights between Denver and SEA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Denver to Seattle? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Seattle from Denver up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from DEN to Seattle Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $104 or less one-way and $134 or less round-trip. Travelers with scheduled early morning flights via Denver International Airport (DEN) should consider spending a night in one of the numerous hotels around this facility. Typically, such facilities provide complimentary cars to and from the airport, making it possible to be at the terminal in time for your flight. Such hotels include Embassy Suites by Hilton Denver International Airport. Denver International Airport (DEN) features only one terminal, the Jeppesen Terminal, complimented by three Concourses, A, B, and C. This terminal includes check-in facilities, security checkpoints, customs, immigration, and luggage claims. The concourses are reserved for departures. Movement between the terminal and the concourses is via The Automated Guideway Transit System, which departs at a 5-15min interval. Families traveling using Denver International Airport (DEN) will be glad to know that the property caters to the needs of moms and the smallest of the family members. Lactating and nursing rooms are situated after security in every concourse from where you can pump and breastfeed in privacy. Also, the rooms feature sinks, power sockets, and comfy seats. Suppose you wish to say a prayer before departing from DEN to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA). In that case, you’ll find a prayer room at this facility. Situated away from the noisy terminals, this sacred sanctuary sits in Jeppesen Terminal, Level 6 East, and it runs between 4 am and midnight every day. The room includes an Islamic Masjid and an inter-faith chapel. If you’ve arrived at DEN and wish to drop off your car before flying out to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA), you won’t have a shortage of options to meet your needs. DEN offers different levels of parking, including garage, economy, short-term, and long-term. Economy parking is located on the east side of Jeppesen Terminal, and shuttles depart every 10min to get you there. Both United and Delta Airlines offer flights from Denver to Seattle that provide travelers with comfortable seats and additional legroom, as well as in-flight entertainment. If you would like to check your suitcases for free and receive complimentary snacks, opt for flying with Southwest Airlines instead. If you’re traveling to Seattle for an important meeting or workshop, stop by the business center that is near the B Gates of Denver International Airport (DEN). This center provides guests with private workstations, copying services, shipping supplies, and access to the airport’s high-speed Wi-Fi. To pass the time before your flight from Denver to Seattle begins boarding, go to the ZooX Public Internet Kiosk Systems in the Jeppesen Terminal of Denver International Airport. These booths allow travelers to play video games for $0.15 per minute, with a minimum payment of $3. Hoping to leave one of your bags at the airport while you explore? Go to the Smarte Carte Baggage Storage desk between baggage carousels 12 and 13 of Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA). In addition to offering baggage storage for $8 to $22 per item per 24h, this center also has notary and fax services. To de-stress after a long day of travel, stop by the Massage Bar near the N gates of Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. 15m massages start at $18, with 30m massages costing $43. You can also have an express foot massage for less than $20. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Denver Intl to Seattle/Tacoma Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Denver Intl to Seattle/Tacoma Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Denver Intl to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more ANA, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more ANA, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Thursday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Friday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Saturday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Sunday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more ANA, Air France, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Denver Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more ANA, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more ANA, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Thursday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more ANA, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Friday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Saturday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more ANA, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Sunday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Denver to Seattle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Denver to Seattle. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Denver to Seattle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 85boarding 78entertainment 79food 82comfort 88crew 85overall Airline reviews Cons: "Boarding got very weird. Having B, C and D boarding groups, all of which sound the same over a loudspeaker, made for some confusion."Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "Boarding got very weird. Having B, C and D boarding groups, all of which sound the same over a loudspeaker, made for some confusion." Pros: "Seats were comfortable and did not feel confining. Takeoff and landing were very smooth." Cons: "Having a male flight attendant wearing makeup was off-putting. A gluten free option for snacks would be nice." Cons: "We were sitting in first class. My husband went to use the restroom in our cabin and the female flight attendant told him to go back behind the curtain and use the bathroom assigned to his cabinet. He is Colombian and she surely profiled him, as I saw two other passengers from coach use the first class bathroom with no concerns." Pros: "Employees were friendly and helpful" Cons: "Every single flight left extremely late which meant I was running through the airport to catch my connections." Cons: "Too much time to board Seated away from my travel partner" Pros: "Staff was friendly. Very apologetic about the delay. Offered accommodations that were within reason." Cons: "There was a delay. Which is understandable and not the airlines fault, but I feel like there should be a more specific boarding process and exit process, especially since there were so many people near missing their connecting flights. Understandbly there is only so much an airline can do, but it can really frustrating when the staff says “seats #-# board and everyone rushes on like a heard of cattle regardless of number. Similar exit experience." Pros: "I checked my baggage with ease.The whole trip was without any inconvience. My daughter in CO made my reservations both ways thru you. I appreciated the great $fare. We will use you again . Thank You, Merry Christmas!" Cons: "Why does it coast so much for a beer or a glass of wine??? Why is the wine glass so small?" Pros: "The flight attendants were awesome! Very helpful and attentive.`" Cons: "I was told that I would have internet onboard the flight. I was very much looking forward to that. When time came to connect, all I got was inflight onboard local network. No texting, no watching of football games. I would not complain had I been told up front there was no internet access." Cons: "Gate at Seattle airport was crowded. Not airlines' fault but it was tough to navigate Seattle airport." Cons: "Crew was abrasive and put off by people asking for service. Monitors had to be rebooted 3 times. Ran out of water and snacks." Pros: "Good flight as always with Delta. Sat in economy comfort, so of course the seats was comfortable. Flight Attendants were great." Pros: "On time flight, bag made it, great price, can’t complain." Cons: "Seat pretty tight for an average size adult man. No inflight phone charger." Cons: "I checked two bags and paid for them. The flight was full. I dutifully got in line for zone two. Next thing you know, at least 25 people got to board early and have free bag check. Really? I should get $35 dollar refund." Cons: "The flight was 2.5 hours late making me miss my connecting flight and I didn’t receive a refund for the comfort seats I paid for but didn’t get." Cons: "Was not allowed to check in even tho flight was delayed. Horrible!" Cons: "My friend and I was switched to an even worse seating when boarding. Very uncomfortable especially for my friend since he had crutches." Pros: "I travel as a professional musician. I fly with American (because many booking agencies use them) I achieved status after years of their cruel methods of forcing us to check our instruments, thinking “FINALLY, I can board without being hassled about my instrument coming onboard with me.” Nope!! They fight me every time, as if I’m some guy going on vacation and bringing my beater guitar to play on the beach. They holler every time, “SIR YOU’RE GONNA HAVE TO CHECK THAT” $6,000 worth of equipment to make space for someone’s socks. (?!?!) Today, I boarded TWO delta flights and was told, “see if it fits... if not, we can gate check it for you...” YES!!! That’s all I ask!!! Just let me TRY first! If it doesn’t fit, THEN I can’t complain! Anyway, sorry for the saga! I just want to say THANK YOU! I had peace of mind ALL day! Keep up the great work! Your staff is outstanding!!" Cons: "I didn’t like that you thought there was something I didn’t like! I’m a fan!!" Pros: "Was able to sleep for once. Nobody in center seat." Cons: "Crying babies" Cons: "Poor Delta DEN counter agent experience. Name on ticket didnt match Delta profile name nor TSA [rofile name. Delta counter agent would do nothing, except blame TSA. Would not check ticket name vs profile name. Happened two consecutive flights. Flight tomorrow morning has no TSA Pre clearance on boarding pass. This will be three consecutive flights. Also seated me next to a person who needed 2 seats to himself. Please never seat me next to a passenger who cannot fit in their own seat. I am switching to SWA." Cons: "The flight comfort was very bad. The plane was extremely warm and people we beginning to feel bad. Several mentioned it and asked multiple times to have the the cabin air conditioning turned down" Cons: "I never made it... I had a trip interruption and got stuck in Chicago and would of had to wait another full 24hrs to take the flight to Denver. tired and nauseated after being all day at the airport that at midnight, i knew that I couldn't hold off till the next evening, took the next flight back." Pros: "Older style cabin, but still a comfortable flight. Crew was friendly." Pros: "Seats were comfortable enough" Cons: "They force you to get to the airport really early." Pros: "Smooth flight, pilots were friendly. It was a nice flight" Cons: "Late departure. Seats were double booked. Had to delay again to sort it out." Cons: "They cancelled the flight and put me to fly the next day" Cons: "Charlotte to Seattle flight: The food served in first class smelled awful. Seated in premium seating just behind first class was unfortunate due to the atrocious odor that lasted for 3+hours. There was no option for food service for the rest of the plane. Which was unfortunate as I was very hungry. Due to inconsistent notification that the plane was delayed / on-time (kept switching the notification) we opted to not get dinner in the airport..... To which the plane was was an hour late yet we were told to check in every ten minutes to see if we were boarding. There were no blankets. The plane was incredibly cold. The suggestion I received from the flight staff was to turn off the vent above my head (which I had already done.) I had brought a jacket and was wearing pants. On a 5.5 hour flight, the crew served beverages 45 minutes into the flight (per usual) and handed out a pretzel pack. They didn't come back through with water or beverages again. On other airlines, they promote water at least once an hour to keep swelling and dehydration down. Since I am a pretty frequent flier, I bring my own water. Still, coffee would have been nice. Suggestions: increase beverage service to at least twice / 5.5 hour flight and provide blankets upon request. Food choices and entertainment would also be good. Don't cook stinky dinners in first class and allow it to pollute the rest of the plane." Cons: "3rd flight with AA this year. Luggage damaged for second time." Cons: "The new seats were so uncomfortable, I couldn't sit shoulder to shoulder with the people next to me" Cons: "United, along with American, is a horrible carrier, and the next time it files for bankruptcy, needed to be allowed to remain our of business. The employees don't care about service at all, it's no longer part of their culture." Cons: "Some kind of compensation to cover the missed shuttle and my time." Pros: "The people were nice and helpful. And the aircraft did not feel cramped. I again did not use the entertainment or anything like that." Pros: "Seats were pretty comfortable" Cons: "In-flight entertainment depended on the Wi-Fi working. It did not work the whole flight." Cons: "Flight was delayed by 2 hours and all they offered in the flight was direct tv - inflight app entertainment did not work. Also had to walk off the plane after boarding to gate check my bag. So disappointed." Cons: "Media not working. Charging plug in not on. If you can fly a plane , you should be able to provide a signal for entertainment." Pros: "I purchased a ticket for my 18 year old dog $ 125.00 each way to fly with me to Kalispell and back. She is so old that she can not SEE, HEAR, or BARK any longer. I understood she needed to be under the seat for take off and landing but I was told by the ticket agent and flight attendants on my first flight that she could sit on my lap during the flight. Everything was great on the way there. On the returning flight,.... the flight attendant was so RUDE to me. She saw that after we were airborne and at a steady altitude, I brought my dog "Kacey" up into my lap. She immediately raised her voice and stated the dog needed to remain on the ground. I politely explained her condition BUT she refused to listen to anything. I put my poor old dog back under the seat. After approx 20 min I could hear her patting very loud. I lifted her again and asked a different flight attendant for some water. She was very hot on the floor. Or course, the flight attendant saw my little chihuahua drinking the water and said that after she drinks a little more, she must remain under the seat. By now, my husband is getting annoyed. He tried explaining to the flight attendant the medical needs that my dog has " she's on protein shakes" which were approved their security. and how fragile she is. She can't BARK, SEE, or HEAR. Yes, we will be putting her down soon but we took her to Montana for my daughter to say her GOODBYES!! Sorry to say, but that flight attendant has turned me away from UNITED AIR LINES forever. Feel free to call me 352-804-8344. You may send this to UNITED AIRLINES too!! Thanks Karen Hope" Cons: "Flight was already scheduled to get in late--around midnight. Didn't get in until ~2 am." Cons: "Seats are very uncomfortable the delay was unexplained and no information was givenuntil we boarded the plane" Cons: "Again board from back to front....would have been nice to know to bring headfones with me so I could have watched a movie in my device, usually they play a movie for all." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Service was the worst. The poor training of the staff, is clearly a result of poor commitment by the company to provide good customer service." Pros: "I arrived." Cons: "It was an hour after boarding before take off. Another 15 minutes on the ground after landing waiting for a gate at midnight on a weekday. I understand that circumstances occur beyond the airlines control, but this has been routinely occurring on my trips with Frontier. Absent compelling reasons, I will not be flying with them again." Cons: "My brand new Wacom tablet that I received for Christmas was stolen out of my checked bag" Cons: "I just don't like being charged $40 on top of the fare to bring a carryon bag that fits above seat, this should be included in price and still have reasonable air fare. I chose this flight because of the fare then got hit with the extra charge for my carryon and we did not even get any pretzels or chips to snack on either for free. You have to buys snacks, not even a complimentarty snack, so because of this I will most likely choose to fly Frontier Airlines anymore. The flight was great though. Very efficient and timely and the Pilot was fantastic in his take off and landings. Very smooth." Pros: "They still pick up trash!!" Cons: "New airbus has even LESS room!! Have to manhandle your personal bag out of the even smaller space under the seat! A soda is $3! There is Nothing to read anymore and the crew are overwhelmed with cranky people... making them cranky." Cons: "DID NOT like having to wait in Denver airport for the scheduled 9 hour layover and then delayed for another 1.5 hour for a total of 10+ hours. DID NOT like getting lured into a great schedule in March and then in May you cancelled the flight and we had a 9 + hour layover. TERRIBLE. Will never fly with Frontier again. :(" Cons: "The carry on price and a kid crying the 2 hr flight" Pros: "Low fares Smooth ride/landing Bigger leg room than Spirit Airlines" Cons: "Delayed flight Seats were not the most comfortable" Pros: "Cheap initial fare." Cons: "Add $40 to carry your bag on, $20 to select your seat, sat on the plane for an extra 40 minutes before take off ("... waiting for paperwork. "), sat on the plane an extra 10 minutes at the gate at arrival (maintenence issue)... No frills. None." Pros: "Crew was friendly and accommodating but we waited 3+ hours for a pilot that never showed" Cons: "Crew was friendly and accommodating but we waited 3+ hours for a pilot that never showed" Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Denver to Seattle Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Denver to Seattle found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/30Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 11mDEN-SEA $29 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopSpirit Airlines 12h 10mDEN-SEA $33 Search 1/4Thu nonstopDelta 3h 19mDEN-SEA $69 Search 1/3Wed nonstopAlaska Airlines 3h 11mDEN-SEA $79 Search 4/30Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 15mDEN-SEA $84 Search 5/8Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 8h 46mDEN-SEA $89 Search 2/19Mon 1 stopAlaska Airlines 15h 04mDEN-SEA $108 Search 1/3Wed nonstopDelta 3h 13mDEN-SEA $109 Search 3/12Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 47mDEN-SEA $114 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 00mDEN-SEA $129 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaAlaska AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$30 or less$80 or less$90 or less$110 or less$130 or less Last minute flights from Denver to Seattle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Denver to Seattle that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 11mDEN-SEA 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 42mSEA-DEN $78 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 11mDEN-SEA 12/12Tue multi-stopFrontier 10h 46mSEA-DEN $86 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAlaska Airlines 3h 10mDEN-SEA 12/3Sun multi-stopAlaska Airlines 5h 14mSEA-DEN $222 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAlaska Airlines 23h 19mDEN-SEA 12/3Sun nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 40mSEA-DEN $333 Search 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 3h 05mDEN-SEA 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 2h 46mSEA-DEN $455 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 3h 09mDEN-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 40mSEA-DEN $463 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 36mDEN-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 40mSEA-DEN $473 Search 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 3h 05mDEN-SEA 12/8Fri nonstopDelta 2h 47mSEA-DEN $552 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 38mDEN-SEA 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 20h 22mSEA-DEN $950 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 41mDEN-SEA 12/10Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 48mSEA-DEN $985 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierAlaska AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$90 or less$330 or less$460 or less$550 or less$990 or less Denver - Seattle Flights Departure: Denver (DEN)United States Destination: Seattle (SEA)United States Return flight deals: Seattle - Denver Cabin classes: $484 First Class flights to Seattle $510 Business Class flights to Seattle $388 Prem Econ Class flights to Seattle $59 Economy Class flights to Seattle Browse origins: Flights » United States » Colorado » Denver $76Flights from Denver to Seattle Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Washington » Seattle $76Flights to Seattle, Seattle Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Ontario Flights to Tampa Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Seattle flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Seattle from Denver. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Seattle from Denver. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.