Cheap Flights from Newark Airport to Atlanta from $29 | (EWR - ATL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW EWR - ATL Find cheap flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/4. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Atlanta These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Atlanta. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Atlanta. How much is the cheapest flight from Newark to Atlanta?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Newark to Atlanta that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 2:55 pm - 5:30 pmEWR-ATL 2h 35mnonstop 7:00 am - 9:14 amATL-EWR 2h 14mnonstop $60Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Tue, Jan 23 2:55 pm - 5:30 pmEWR-ATL 2h 35mnonstop 7:00 am - 9:14 amATL-EWR 2h 14mnonstop $61Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Thu, Jan 18 8:00 am - 10:36 amEWR-ATL 2h 36mnonstop 6:45 pm - 8:59 pmATL-EWR 2h 14mnonstop $126Delta Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Sun, Jan 28 6:59 pm - 12:42 amEWR-ATL 5h 43m1 stop 10:24 pm - 2:32 pmATL-EWR 16h 08m1 stop $138 Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Mon, Jan 15 3:00 pm - 12:55 amEWR-ATL 9h 55m2 stops 8:00 am - 10:17 amATL-EWR 2h 17mnonstop $139 Find Deal Sat, Feb 24 - Mon, Feb 26 7:00 am - 9:28 amEWR-ATL 2h 28mnonstop 8:59 pm - 11:07 pmATL-EWR 2h 08mnonstop $142Delta Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Sun, Jan 7 2:00 pm - 4:41 pmEWR-ATL 2h 41mnonstop 3:40 pm - 6:03 pmATL-EWR 2h 23mnonstop $168United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Mar 21 - Mon, Mar 25 6:00 am - 10:50 amEWR-ATL 4h 50m1 stop 1:20 pm - 3:42 pmATL-EWR 2h 22mnonstop $173United Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Sun, Dec 24 1:52 pm - 9:30 pmEWR-ATL 7h 38m1 stop 6:14 pm - 10:09 pmATL-EWR 3h 55m1 stop $185American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 2 - Wed, Apr 10 5:35 am - 10:32 amEWR-ATL 4h 57m1 stop 5:00 am - 9:29 amATL-EWR 4h 29m1 stop $204American Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Wed, Dec 20 Show more results Flights from Newark to Atlanta - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Newark to Atlanta to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta? The average price of all flights from Newark Airport to Atlanta clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta, look for departures on Tuesdays and avoid leaving on a Sunday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Atlanta, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Newark Airport to Atlanta? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Newark Airport to Atlanta is January, where tickets cost $182 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and November, where the average cost of tickets is $295 and $278 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Newark Airport to Atlanta? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Newark Airport to Atlanta, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 38 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $60 on Spirit Airlines, followed by Delta ($126). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $29 on Spirit Airlines and from $84 on United Airlines. Which airlines fly most frequently between Newark Liberty Airport and Atlanta? Newark Liberty Airport and Atlanta are connected by different airlines. The airlines that fly that route the most regularly are United Airlines (4 flights per day), Delta (3 flights per day), and Spirit Airlines (one flight per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Newark Airport and Atlanta? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Newark Airport to Atlanta. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Newark Airport to Atlanta. They are: Delta, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $50 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Newark Airport and Atlanta per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 11 nonstop flights that take off from Newark Airport and land in Atlanta, with an average flight time of 2h 33m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 65 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Newark Airport and Atlanta? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta take? Direct flights cover the 744 miles separating Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta in about 2h 13m. What’s the earliest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Newark Airport at 6:00 am and will be landing in Atlanta at 8:33 am. What’s the latest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Newark Airport to Atlanta jets off at 10:10 pm and lands at 12:44 am. Good to know Low season January High season May Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 18% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 2% increase in price. Flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta When to book flights from Newark to Atlanta Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Newark to Atlanta based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta flights What is a good choice for a hotel that has a location near the Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport? There are some great choices for hotels that have locations right at the entrance to the airport. These include the Comfort Inn Atlanta Airport, the Microtel Inn by Wyndham Atlanta Airport, and the Days Inn by Wyndham College Park Airport Best Road. Is there a good option for public transportation to get me from New York City to Newark International Airport? A great option to get from New York City to the airport is on the airport's Express Bus. This bus runs from around 5 am until around 1 am every day of the year. The fare to ride the bus is around $18. This bus has pickup locations at three different locations in New York City, including at the Port Authority Bus Terminal. Can someone drop me off at the Newark International Airport before my flight? Drivers can drop you off at the airport at the correct terminal for your flight. It is important to note that they can only stop long enough to drop you and your baggage off, but there is no waiting or parking of any kind allowed at the terminal buildings. Where can a rideshare service like Uber or Lyft pick me up at the Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport? All rideshare services pick up their passengers at the economy parking lots of the airport. There is signage available from the baggage claim area of the terminal buildings to this pickup location. Do I need a passport to fly between Newark Liberty Airport and Atlanta? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta flight route: Delta, JetBlue, Cape Air, Alaska Airlines, Spirit Airlines, American Airlines, Asiana Airlines, and Endeavor Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Newark Liberty Airport and Atlanta, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta? There are nonstop flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Newark to Atlanta, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Newark to Atlanta are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $298 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $263 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Atlanta from Newark Liberty Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Atlanta with an airline and back to Newark Liberty Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Newark Liberty Airport and ATL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Atlanta? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Atlanta from Newark Liberty Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from EWR to Atlanta Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $151 or less one-way and $207 or less round-trip. If you're looking for a lounge to spend some time in before your flight to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport (ATL), the Newark International Airport (EWR) has several options. There are several United Airlines United Clubs, an American Airlines Admirals Club, and a Delta Air Lines Delta Sky Club at the airport. If you are looking to rent a car when you land at the airport in Atlanta, the airport offers their Rental Car Center. Several of the major rental car companies have counters in this rental car center that operate 24h per day. To reach the Rental Car Center from any of the terminal buildings at the airport, travelers can board the SkyTrain, which is an automated people moving system that connects the airport to the Rental Car Center. The Newark International Airport offers several accessible services for those travelers with disabilities or limited mobility. These include accessible drinking fountains and restrooms available in all of the terminal buildings of the airport. For those passengers traveling with service animals, there are pet relief areas in all of the terminal buildings of the airport. If you find you have a question that you cannot answer once you arrive at the airport in Atlanta, the airport has several Guest Services Representatives that are situated throughout the airport to answer your question. One place that many of these employees operate is at the very busy West Crossover and they can provide information on flights, hotels, ground transportation, as well as general information about the city. If you need to get some work done or just like spending time browsing the internet before your flight, the Newark International Airport offers free Wi-Fi that you can log into throughout all the terminal buildings at the airport property. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Newark to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson? Find which airlines fly direct from Newark to Hartsfield-Jackson, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Newark to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Newark Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Canada, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Canada, +12 more 10 11 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 4 airlines serving from Newark to Atlanta See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Newark to Atlanta. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Newark to Atlanta? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29954 reviews 81overall 75food 78entertainment 81boarding 85crew 78comfort Airline reviews Pros: "Everything. Food, staff, checking in. All were great" Cons: "Would have preferred they let me choose a window seat. I wasn’t given the option"Read more about Delta Pros: "Everything. Food, staff, checking in. All were great" Cons: "Would have preferred they let me choose a window seat. I wasn’t given the option" Pros: "Crew was very kind and entertainment was good when available" Cons: "WiFi in all flights" Pros: "Crew was great as always. Friendly and professional" Cons: "We had a delay that complicated our getting home but all ended up OK" Pros: "First time flying into Daytona and it was super easy." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Landed safely." Cons: "Late departure. Almost missed connection. Even though we planned a decent amount of time between flights. Always something causing delays when we leave from Newark." Pros: "Cheap price" Cons: "no vegetarian food in flight, the layover for connecting flight was not sufficient," Cons: "Boarding issues cause delay after plane had to be replaced People were double booked Then land awaited on tarmac because of no ground crew Caused me to miss my next flight" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Wouldn’t let us take our carry-on because they had overbooked and had no more room in overhead. Delayed our first flight and then our connecting flight left *early*. (If you know you have customers with short connections, why leave early to make their connections even shorter?) Then told us they would not pay for our hotel since it wasn’t their fault. Gave us a “discount” with a nearby hotel that was more expensive than what you could book it for online. Had to wait several hours for them to get us back the carry-on luggage that they insisted we check in the first place." Cons: "Our flight was changed/delayed because of smoke detector problems!! We lost a whole day on the trip and we are very upset" Pros: "Couldn't recline as I was in the emergency exit row but I had some extra room with no seat next to me so that was nice" Cons: "Couldn't recline in my emergency exit row" Pros: "The crew was very pleasant and the flight was comfortable." Cons: "I don’t understand the concept of the ability to use your mobile device for entertainment, yet not having a power source to charge your device." Pros: "Nice seats with plenty of leg room. Friendly crew. Smooth flight." Pros: "Ummm . . . the colors?" Cons: "10 years ago, American was a great airline. It has just gone down and down. The flight attendants are miserable, grabbing things out of your hand when they come to collect stuff before landing. No smiles, no grace. The plane was old, but also poorly cleaned between flights, so the bathrooms on our LAX-Atlanta flight smelled of urine from minute 1--you can imagine how they smelled by the time we landed. There was trash in my seat-back pocket when I took my seat. Supposedly food was available for purchase, but I couldn't activate the food menu, only the drinks menu, on my little seatback screen, so I just waited until I got to Atlanta to eat." Pros: "nothing" Cons: "Flight crew was an hour late to the flight, whereas customers were waiting for far longer than that." Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "Old plane, prezels are boring, it was cold during the flight" Pros: "Crew was great..." Cons: "Nothing really off...just wish there were outlets for recharging devices. Thanks!" Pros: "Fast and much more efficient than the previous leg of our trip" Cons: "Missed flight in DFW. All other flights full. Had to reroute thru Miami" Pros: "Got me to where I'm going safely. Crew was nice." Cons: "Flying is painful" Pros: "Airline crew did everything to keep us comfortable during the flight" Cons: "Na" Pros: "Flight was comfortable." Cons: "Flight should be on time when there’s no weather impact." Pros: "The seats were very spacious, the ground and cabin crew were very courteous and the entire flight went smooth." Cons: "No In-Flight Wi-Fi." Pros: "The flight attendants were very courteous." Cons: "Seats are way too close together. I am 6’ tall and if I wasn’t sitting with my rear pressed against the back of the seat, my knees were jammed into the seat in front of me. Zero elbow room. I’m fairly skinny and still thank god I had the aisle seat because with arms at my sides, my shoulders touched the small woman next to me and stuck into the aisle so that when the drink cart came by I had to physically lean toward the windows to get out of the way. No entertainment unless paid for, which is fine, except that the flight attendant and the announcements both stated that at least a movie was included. Outdated jet. No where to charge anything. Couldn’t work on my computer because to type, my elbow took up most of the other persons seat." Cons: "We were stuck on the tarmac waiting for a gate for an hour and a half once we arrived in Atlanta. Other than that, everything was fine." Pros: "Crew was helpful, courteous and kind!" Cons: "Gate area didn’t have enough seats, plane delayed.... once got on had to buy entertainment unless you wanted to watch commercials on loop." Pros: "The other passengers were understanding and patient." Cons: "The crew was inattentive and in accommodating. A little water would’ve been nice." Pros: "I received a fullcan of soda with a cup of ice. Not much else good" Cons: "The entertainment system has a fee or else you have to use your device to access the United app to access entertainment." Pros: "It was no airplane for us for another 2 hours. United does it more often then other carriers. We mad it home at 2 am instead of midnight." Pros: "Clean plans, smooth landing." Cons: "United Economy basic was still expensive yet you don’t get a carry on bag" Pros: "I did not receive credit from Spirit Airlines for the reason of Covid-19" Cons: "Better seats, entertainment, keep travelers updated to a landing time" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Everything. The baggage policy is terrible. The flight service is terrible. The comfort is terrible. Definitely the worst airline I have ever flown." Pros: "That the flight was over" Cons: "Had to pay for flight, tiny sardine seat, water and people on flight were in a huge hurry to exit plane at gate, hardly waiting for row by row polite deplaning. At least I had an assigned seat! Baggage took a long time to arrive. The crowd on flight were very loud - awkward personal conversations. Crew were good." Pros: "Seat space, fast boarding, cheap extended baggage price.." Cons: "Checked in baggage pricing as well as carry on bag..this should change and possibility to allow complimentary bag.........this will add to the overall package airfare deal" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Seating was wrong , they gave me a different customer's ticket and had me standing waiting for my seat . Attendant left empty bottle in seating area and walked away . Staff was loud and unproffesional." Pros: "Staff are always very professional and kind." Cons: "Seat mates needed a bath -- BADLY. I don't think there is anything the airlines can do about that!" Pros: "Nice crew" Cons: "Every time I've flown with spirit there's been long delays. I understand it's a cheaper flight but they should still respect people's time a little bit more than they do. At least compensate us with something for the time we lose." Pros: "Delayed 3 hours. The personal item and carryon sizes are smaller." Pros: "seats where comfortable and flight was excellent we got to Florida early" Cons: "no food or drinks and no entertainment no wifi nothing" Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Newark to Atlanta Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Newark to Atlanta found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/4Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 36mEWR-ATL $29 Search 1/13Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 35mEWR-ATL $30 Search 12/15Fri 1 stop 19h 51mEWR-ATL $69 Search 2/27Tue 2 stops 9h 02mEWR-ATL $70 Search 3/21Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 34mEWR-ATL $84 Search 12/14Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 41mEWR-ATL $87 Search 12/15Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 4h 50mEWR-ATL $106 Search 12/15Fri nonstopDelta 2h 28mEWR-ATL $109 Search 4/19Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 08mEWR-ATL $112 Search 12/12Tue nonstopDelta 2h 39mEWR-ATL $138 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$30 or less$70 or less$90 or less$110 or less$140 or less Last minute flights from Newark to Atlanta Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Newark to Atlanta that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 34mEWR-ATL 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 04mATL-EWR $110 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 32mEWR-ATL 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 46mATL-EWR $111 Search 12/2Sat nonstop 2h 34mEWR-ATL 12/5Tue multi-stop 17h 14mATL-EWR $233 Search 12/2Sat nonstop 2h 34mEWR-ATL 12/5Tue multi-stop 17h 14mATL-EWR $234 Search 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 2h 29mEWR-ATL 12/20Wed nonstopDelta 2h 06mATL-EWR $348 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 26mEWR-ATL 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 15mATL-EWR $356 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 25mEWR-ATL 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 15mATL-EWR $357 Search 12/4Mon nonstopDelta 2h 28mEWR-ATL 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 2h 01mATL-EWR $360 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 4h 50mEWR-ATL 12/6Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 24mATL-EWR $394 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 4h 50mEWR-ATL 12/8Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 3h 59mATL-EWR $403 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$110 or less$230 or less$360 or less$360 or less$400 or less Newark Liberty Airport - Atlanta Flights Departure: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Destination: Atlanta (ATL)United States Return flight deals: Atlanta - Newark Liberty Airport Cabin classes: $354 First Class flights to Atlanta $398 Business Class flights to Atlanta $342 Prem Econ Class flights to Atlanta $99 Economy Class flights to Atlanta Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport $60Flights from Newark Airport to Atlanta Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $60Flights to Atlanta, Atlanta Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Atlanta flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Atlanta from Newark Liberty Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Atlanta from Newark Liberty Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.