Cheap Flights from Chicago O'Hare to Hyderabad from $398 | (ORD - HYD) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ORD - HYD Find cheap flights from Chicago to Hyderabad from $398 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/17. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Hyderabad These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Hyderabad. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Chicago to Hyderabad. How much is the cheapest flight from O'Hare Intl to Hyderabad?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from O'Hare Intl to Hyderabad that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 3:55 pm - 7:45 amORD-HYD 28h 20m2 stops 1:55 am - 7:22 pmHYD-ORD 28h 57m2 stops $877Lufthansa Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Wed, Feb 7 12:30 pm - 7:05 pmORD-HYD 19h 05m1 stop 5:05 pm - 7:25 amHYD-ORD 24h 50m2 stops $878Air India Find Deal Sat, Feb 10 - Mon, Apr 22 3:55 pm - 11:55 pmORD-HYD 20h 30m1 stop 3:10 am - 1:00 pmHYD-ORD 20h 20m1 stop $882Lufthansa Find Deal Sun, Jan 28 - Tue, Apr 16 12:40 pm - 7:05 pmORD-HYD 18h 55m1 stop 8:25 pm - 8:15 amHYD-ORD 23h 20m1 stop $891Etihad Airways Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Sat, Mar 9 6:45 pm - 8:20 amORD-HYD 26h 05m1 stop 3:40 am - 3:10 pmHYD-ORD 23h 00m1 stop $913Qatar Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Tue, Feb 6 12:40 pm - 2:50 amORD-HYD 26h 40m1 stop 4:15 am - 8:15 amHYD-ORD 39h 30m1 stop $916Etihad Airways Find Deal Thu, Feb 15 - Wed, Feb 28 6:45 pm - 8:20 amORD-HYD 26h 05m1 stop 9:55 pm - 3:00 pmHYD-ORD 27h 35m1 stop $917Qatar Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Wed, Apr 24 7:45 pm - 8:25 amORD-HYD 25h 10m1 stop 4:10 am - 2:55 pmHYD-ORD 22h 15m1 stop $921Emirates Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Wed, Feb 21 7:45 pm - 8:25 amORD-HYD 25h 10m1 stop 4:10 am - 2:55 pmHYD-ORD 22h 15m1 stop $966Emirates Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Mon, Mar 4 7:05 pm - 7:45 amORD-HYD 49h 10m2 stops 9:35 pm - 1:15 pmHYD-ORD 26h 10m3 stops $1,031SWISS Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Wed, Jul 10 Show more results Flights from O'Hare Intl to Hyderabad - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from O'Hare Intl to Hyderabad to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Hyderabad? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Hyderabad, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Hyderabad is September, where tickets cost $864 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,957 and $1,789 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Hyderabad? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Hyderabad, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Hyderabad, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 7 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Chicago to Hyderabad? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Chicago to Hyderabad found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $877 on Lufthansa, followed by Air India ($878). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $398 on Qatar Airways and from $461 on Air India. How long does a flight from Chicago to Hyderabad take? There are no direct flights for this route listed on KAYAK. The shortest multi-flight duration is 18h 55m. Good to know Low season August High season May Cheapest flight $398 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 17% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 13% increase in price. Flight from Chicago to Hyderabad When to book flights from O'Hare Intl to Hyderabad Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from O'Hare Intl to Hyderabad based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Chicago to Hyderabad flights Where can I sleep at Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi Airport? Passengers arriving late at HYD can choose to either sleep in the airport or at featured onsite hotels. Near some of the departure gates in the airport, you will find comfortable armchairs to sleep on. If you wish for uninterrupted sleep, there are 2 onsite hotels found inside the airport. Do airports in Chicago offer lactation rooms for nursing mothers? MDW and ORD airports in Chicago offer amenities for nursing mothers within their airports. Lactation rooms in both airports offer comfortable seating, a washing area, a sink and a private room for breastfeeding. In MDW, baby changes amenities are available in all washrooms across the Airport. Can I freshen up at HYD while waiting for the hotel transfer? If you want to freshen up whilst waiting for hotel transfer, there are a couple of choices at your disposal. Showers can be found at the 2 Plaza Premium Lounges located at Level 3 of the Airside near Gates 32A and 28. However, you are required to have a lounge pass which you can easily pay for at the door. You can also enjoy other amenities in the Lounges, like having a meal or drinks. Where can I leave my car while traveling from Chicago to HYD? If you are flying out from Chicago, both MDW and ORD offer great parking spaces for passengers wishing to leave their cars at the airport. You can either park onsite or offsite on both airports, depending on your preferences. However, offsite parking is much cheaper compared to onsite parking. Do I need a passport to fly between Chicago and Hyderabad? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Chicago and on arrival in Hyderabad. Which airports will I be using when flying from Chicago to Hyderabad? When flying out of Chicago you will be using Chicago O'Hare Intl. You will be landing at Hyderabad, also known as Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi Intl. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Chicago to Hyderabad? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Chicago to Hyderabad? oneworld, Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Chicago and Hyderabad, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Hyderabad from Chicago? Abu Dhabi is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Chicago to Hyderabad. Which is the best airline for flights from Chicago to Hyderabad, Emirates or Qatar Airways? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Chicago to Hyderabad are Emirates and Qatar Airways. With an average price for the route of $1,426 and an overall rating of 8.3, Emirates is the most popular choice. Qatar Airways is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,346 and an overall rating of 8.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Chicago to Hyderabad? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Chicago to Hyderabad. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Chicago to Hyderabad? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Hyderabad from Chicago is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Chicago to Hyderabad? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Hyderabad with an airline and back to Chicago with another airline. Booking your flights between Chicago and HYD can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Chicago to Hyderabad? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Hyderabad from Chicago up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ORD to Hyderabad There are no nonstop flights from Chicago to Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi Airport (HYD). Therefore, passengers flying this route may need to have one or two stopovers before reaching their destination. Flights with one layover, such as Emirates and Air India, normally stop in Dubai (DXB), Doha (DOH) and Delhi (DEL). If you need to rest after arriving from a long flight in HYD, there’s a lounge that you can access in the Airport. Find Plaza Premium Lounge (International) at Level 3 of the airside near Gate 28. The lounge is accessible by either paying at the door or a pre-paid lounge pass, and it includes even showers. If you are seeking airport-related information on either of the major airports in Chicago, be it Chicago Midway Airport (MDW) or Chicago O'Hare Airport Guide (ORD), you can find assistance within the airports. Both airports have Information Desks where you can get assistance. Hyderabad Rajiv Gandhi Airport only has 2 car rental agencies onsite. They include One Car Rental and Carzonrent. Apart from offering self-drive car rentals, both companies also provide chauffeured cars and even Limousine services. Find the car rental companies at the Arrivals Lounge in the Main Terminal. If you are getting from Downtown Chicago and heading to one of the major airports in Chicago for your flight, there are several modes of transport to choose from. You can either use a taxi, bus or train. A taxi is the best means of transport to the airport since it takes less time. You can also request wheelchair-accessible taxis at both airports for people with special needs. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from O'Hare Intl to Hyderabad See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Chicago to Hyderabad. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from O'Hare Intl to Hyderabad? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 EmiratesOverall score based on 15746 reviews 85entertainment 83overall 84crew 80food 82comfort 83boarding Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was great" Cons: "The seats were pretty stiff compared to the A380 business class seats on my preceding flight."Read more about Emirates Pros: "Crew was great" Cons: "The seats were pretty stiff compared to the A380 business class seats on my preceding flight." Pros: "The flight was not packed so I got three seats to myself to sleep. Emirates has a lot of little touches like glow in the dark stars stuck to the cabin roof." Cons: "Couldn’t locate the call button for flight attendants and the lines to the bathroom were long." Cons: "Online Check-in didn't work properly, so we had to check in at the airport. They were understaffed and it took us over an hour to get through check in. The customer service was horrible, and we were only allowed to bring a backpack for a carry on, forcing us to check our one carry on bag. This made our two long flights uncomfortable with nothing to change into once we landed in Dubai and still had another 8 flight to Johannesburg. The flight itself was overbooked, and we then had to place our backpacks under the seats in front of us, giving us no leg room for 13 hrs." Cons: "Emirates charging for duty free merchandise bought in Dubai. It is ridiculous that they add the weight of the duty free merchandise to your carry on luggage and charge at the gate. If I have known that I could have shopped in Dubai duty free. The customer service person was very rude too." Pros: "Amazing flight to travel for long travel! Relaxing! Easy to adjust in the whole flight! Crew was giving an awesome service!!" Cons: "they have changed how they serve drinks and food. they used to do that separately. now they club it together." Cons: "seats wouldn't recline, they say it is a mechanical, I had to sit uncomfortably for 16 hrs" Pros: "I liked the options for entertainment and comfort." Cons: "Crew and Boarding crew were not at all respectful, they were very rude." Pros: "I liked the entertainment and the cabin crew is very welcomjng and nice smaile on their faces." Cons: "The leg room for tall guys isrediculous and if i had to get more leroom even in international flights they r charging. Ive not bren charged in domestic flights till now for leg room. And the food shoydl be changed and please give sime yhing more filling." Pros: "Service was some what better than in the business class." Cons: "I requested special meal when booked my ticket. I was told no vegetarian meal or sea food except for chicken and was given a just a roll and desert. Half an hour later after I finished what was served I was asked if I wanted left over vegitarian dish??????" Cons: "The crew at check in was really inconsiderate and has given us false information! Despite of what documents were required and submitted I was not allowed to board the plane." Pros: "Crew was wonderful. Comfortable seat with nice meal. Overall loved it" Pros: "The check-in crew in Chicago was very nice and efficient. The flight crew on-board were not friendly, they were very curt and rushed, and did not go out of their way to be helpful." Cons: "Friendlier staff during the flight. Better food for breakfast. The connection port for my headphones did not work...I would not have been able to watch movies if I hadn't brought my own single connection head phones." Pros: "Food is delicious" Cons: "Paid WIFI this time was horrible for the half of the trip WIFI don’t work" Pros: "The aircraft was comfortable and the electronic amenities were decent and needs improvement" Cons: "Free WiFi and Dancing boys" Pros: "I was at airport 1 hour before the flight time But they already closed the gate, and I missed the flight, and my return flight is gone too Omg to much for me" Cons: "I wish you can do something for me Because the tickets is really expensive" Cons: "Slow boarding while passengers stand in the queue, late take off" Pros: "This was my first experience with Qatar & it was outstanding. Crew members are extremely courteous & helpful. The aircraft seats in economy class were roomy & comfortable. Bathrooms were kept clean throughout the long flight. Food was very good as was the selection of flight entertainment. Can't thi" Pros: "The crew was very friendly and helpful throughout the flight" Cons: "The boarding process in Chicago wasn’t great. Zones were not used" Pros: "Q-suits. Very comfortable and private. Great upgrade to the 777. WiFi now available for very reasonable price" Cons: "Bus transfer to Termial 5 is VERY poorly organized and takes over an hour. This makes it harder to get to Terminal 5 even if you don't have to clear security again. Seats had a bar under the padding at about the position of my hips. Uncomfortable to sleep for several hours" Cons: "I fell sick and my doctor advised against flying. Tried calling Swiss Air and JustFly.com: 6 calls back and forth and 7 hours on hold, no help. Finally got advised on driving to the airport to make the flight change at the Swiss Air counter at O’Hare. The representative told me to bring a note from doctor to switch flights. I did the next day. The same representative looked me in the eye after advising the day before and said there’s nothing she could do. Why make an elderly sick person drive to the airport again if you know already you cannot help??Absolutely terrible experience, no help from the airline or travel agency. Total loss of the full price of the ticket." Pros: "Crew was great. Peppy and kind." Cons: "ORD ZRH seats extremely crowded. Wished for comfy Star Alliance seats for that flight which we did enjoy from ZRH BUD" Pros: "Movies" Cons: "Crew was rude to passengers. One passenger asked for extra bread and crew arrogantly commented , we dont give but ok take one." Pros: "Coach seats were comfortable but if the person in front of you reclines, your video screen will be inches from your face and it becomes difficult to get out of your seat." Cons: "Crew was not particularly friendly....almost downright rude at times" Pros: "Crew was great. Seats were uncomfortable. No air. It was extremely hot." Pros: "The inflight entertainment was great and helped to pass the time. The food was good for airline food." Cons: "The flight staff was just okay - they could have been friendlier. The seat cushions seemed old - they were comfortable enough for sitting but not comfortable to sleep." Pros: "Amazing food, There were pillows, blankets and earbuds on every seat. Really a great flight overall and I would fly with them again." Cons: "The only minor complaint was that the seats are so small that when the person in front of you reclines, you literally can’t get out of your seat." Pros: "Best food I've ever had on an airline! Great flight. Not too full." Cons: "Arm rests didn't lift all the way up on the plane." Pros: "Crew was attentive to passenger needs in a quiet way: without fanfare, did all possible to make it a pleasant, comfortable trip. In fact, went out of their way to get me a wheelchair ride to next flight, which I dearly needed" Cons: "First flight was delayed due to circumstances outside of airline’s control. They managed to get us there and help me with wheelchair, etc to make flight. Great service and kindness" Cons: "Chose the option with Swiss because it showed that a checked bag was included. Got to the airport and was told to pay up for each checked bag. Great start to the trip." Pros: "Plan was hold, crew was not helpful. I requested a wheel chair and never got it. Flight was delayed and no assistance was given to figure out missed connections." Cons: "Fix the above. Will not fly Turkish airlines again!" Pros: "Food was tolerable. Good cabin temperature. Good lumbar support and pillow." Cons: "Horrible leg space on the first leg of the journey. Air hostess we'e very inattentive. Asked for a blanket 3 times and still didn't get it. Also they had a poor attitude. Power outlets don't work on multiple seats. Oh and again no leg room. Zilch." Pros: "The little details...slippers, nice meal, foot rests, deep carryon bins." Cons: "Legroom, too tight. Attendants blocking lane unable to reach restroom, entertainment didnt work." Pros: "Lots of entertainment on the plane. Very clean. I like the personal touch of a travel Bag given and large head phones." Pros: "The staff is very accommodating and the meals served on board were good." Cons: "Plane delayed by 3 hours. Missed my other flight to Tirana. Horrible service at the airport to help me out with a hotel. Had to run around for over 3 hours. Never flying Turkish again." Pros: "The service was very nice and courteous" Cons: "The seats don’t match up to the comfort level and privacy of the other airlines" Pros: "2nd time with Turkish Airlines; no concerns. Everything handled timely and professionally." Pros: "The food was good and the staff very polite, but service seemed very slow." Cons: "The seats rows were too close together. I am a short person and do not usually have issues with leg room on flights, but even sitting in an aisle seat, I found it very uncomfortable. In addition, the A/C seemed to get shut off when the lights turned out, so the plane was extremely warm for about 4-5 hours." Cons: "Lost my baggage, refused to give another ticket when getting to Istanbul late made me miss my next flight. Had to sit 10 hours and buy another ticket from another airline to make My destination a day late." The boarding was one of the worst I’ve ever experienced. The fault lays on Ohare Airport and not so much the airline. The waiting area by the gate was the size to accommodate a regional flight for 20-30 people and right next to a busy walkway. When you cramped nearly 300 passengers into that space is was unbearable. Pros: "I liked how generous they were with food and drinks" Cons: "Free WiFi could have made the flight a lot better" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Transavia does not serve anything complementary, not even water. A flight between two countries that is five hours long must be better than this. I was not aware of Transavia doing that before I booked. I will never fly with them again" Cons: "Boarding was crazy. Could not everyone in the gate area." Pros: "Crew great, boarding at Nice very organised, boarding in Amsterdam not so organised!" Cons: "A queuing system would be better-it was a bit disorganised at Amsterdam!" Pros: "The crew is really welcoming" Cons: "The seats are too narrow and a bit too hard" Pros: "Crew was very engaging and service was good." Cons: "My seat was horrible. Right at the door, crammed, and no place to store my carry-on luggage." Pros: "Crew was fantastic." Cons: "This was the most narrow airplane seat I’ve ever experienced. So uncomfortable." Cons: "We were changed from KLM to Airiltalia without any information sent so only because I tried to check in did I find out the flight on KLM was cancelled and we were changed to Airitalia. The Airitalia flight was very mediocre." Pros: "The flight was smooth, the service was friendly, and the food with plentiful." Cons: "Too much activity in the cabin during the flight." Emirates8.3 Qatar Airways8.2 SWISS8.0 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Book cheap flights from Chicago to Hyderabad Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Chicago to Hyderabad found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/17Wed 1 stopQatar Airways 26h 05mORD-HYD $398 Search 1/21Sun 1 stopQatar Airways 26h 05mORD-HYD $403 Search 2/21Wed 2 stopsAir India 40h 30mORD-HYD $461 Search 1/27Sat 1 stopEtihad Airways 18h 55mORD-HYD $506 Search 12/28Thu 1 stopEtihad Airways 18h 55mORD-HYD $695 Search 12/29Fri 1 stopAir India 37h 20mORD-HYD $901 Search 12/3Sun 2 stopsLufthansa 28h 45mORD-HYD $904 Search 12/23Sat 2 stopsLufthansa 46h 05mORD-HYD $921 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopEmirates 25h 10mORD-HYD $976 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopEmirates 19h 25mORD-HYD $1,096 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineQatar AirwaysAir IndiaEtihad AirwaysLufthansaEmirates Search by price$400 or less$510 or less$900 or less$920 or less$1,100 or less Last minute flights from O'Hare Intl to Hyderabad Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Chicago to Hyderabad that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stop 30h 30mORD-HYD 1/25Thu multi-stop 40h 07mHYD-ORD $1,100 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 28h 20mORD-HYD 2/5Mon multi-stop 24h 55mHYD-ORD $1,117 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEmirates 19h 25mORD-HYD 12/18Mon multi-stopEmirates 40h 25mHYD-ORD $1,225 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopQatar Airways 27h 58mORD-HYD 3/25Mon multi-stopQatar Airways 29h 30mHYD-ORD $1,242 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEmirates 19h 25mORD-HYD 12/19Tue multi-stopEmirates 29h 05mHYD-ORD $1,265 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopQatar Airways 27h 58mORD-HYD 3/24Sun multi-stopQatar Airways 41h 12mHYD-ORD $1,307 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAir India 56h 45mORD-HYD 4/25Thu multi-stopAir India 31h 50mHYD-ORD $1,360 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAir India 23h 45mORD-HYD 3/17Sun multi-stopAir India 21h 20mHYD-ORD $1,423 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEtihad Airways 26h 40mORD-HYD 1/26Fri multi-stopEtihad Airways 23h 20mHYD-ORD $1,464 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEtihad Airways 26h 40mORD-HYD 1/25Thu multi-stopEtihad Airways 39h 30mHYD-ORD $1,529 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineEmiratesQatar AirwaysAir IndiaEtihad Airways Search by price$1,120 or less$1,240 or less$1,310 or less$1,420 or less$1,530 or less Chicago - Hyderabad Flights Departure: Chicago (ORD)United States Destination: Hyderabad (HYD)India Return flight deals: Hyderabad - Chicago Cabin classes: First Class flights to Hyderabad Business Class flights to Hyderabad Prem Econ Class flights to Hyderabad Economy Class flights to Hyderabad Browse origins: Flights » United States » Illinois » Chicago » Chicago O'Hare Airport $644Flights from Chicago O'Hare Intl Airport to Hyderabad Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » Hyderabad $644Flights to Hyderabad, Hyderabad Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Fort Myers Flights to Ontario Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Hyderabad flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Hyderabad from Chicago. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Hyderabad from Chicago. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.