Cheap Flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle to Barcelona from $30 | (CDG - BCN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW CDG - BCN Find cheap flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona from $30 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Barcelona These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Paris to Barcelona, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Paris to Barcelona, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Charles de Gaulle to Barcelona-El Prat?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Charles de Gaulle to Barcelona-El Prat that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:30 am - 9:15 amCDG-BCN 1h 45mnonstop 6:00 pm - 8:10 pmBCN-CDG 2h 10mnonstop $56easyJet Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Mon, Dec 18 7:30 am - 9:15 amCDG-BCN 1h 45mnonstop 6:00 pm - 8:10 pmBCN-CDG 2h 10mnonstop $57easyJet Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 13 7:30 am - 9:15 amCDG-BCN 1h 45mnonstop 6:10 pm - 8:10 pmBCN-CDG 2h 00mnonstop $73 Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sat, Dec 16 2:35 pm - 4:20 pmCDG-BCN 1h 45mnonstop 6:55 am - 9:00 amBCN-CDG 2h 05mnonstop $74Vueling Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Sun, Jan 21 3:40 pm - 5:25 pmCDG-BCN 1h 45mnonstop 7:15 pm - 9:15 pmBCN-CDG 2h 00mnonstop $79Vueling Find Deal Sat, Mar 23 - Fri, Mar 29 12:15 pm - 2:00 pmCDG-BCN 1h 45mnonstop 1:00 pm - 5:50 pmBCN-CDG 4h 50m1 stop $147 Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Sun, Jan 21 8:10 pm - 7:15 pmCDG-BCN 23h 05m1 stop 6:45 am - 1:55 pmBCN-CDG 7h 10m1 stop $150SWISS Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Sun, Dec 17 8:40 am - 2:30 pmCDG-BCN 5h 50m1 stop 9:15 pm - 9:15 amBCN-CDG 12h 00m1 stop $163Brussels Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Mon, Feb 12 9:50 am - 10:50 pmCDG-BCN 13h 00m1 stop 9:50 am - 6:50 pmBCN-CDG 9h 00m1 stop $165SWISS Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sat, Dec 16 9:55 am - 8:30 pmCDG-BCN 10h 35m1 stop 3:10 pm - 7:30 amBCN-CDG 16h 20m1 stop $179Brussels Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 30 - Fri, May 3 Show more results Flights from Charles de Gaulle to Barcelona-El Prat - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Charles de Gaulle to Barcelona-El Prat to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport is January, where tickets cost $95 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are August and July, where the average cost of tickets is $216 and $198 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on easyJet ($30) and Vueling ($34). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on easyJet ($56) and Vueling ($74). Which airlines fly most frequently between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and Barcelona? Air France connects Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona with up to 3 flights per day. Vueling also offers 1 flight per day, while easyJet follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport. They are: Air France, Vueling and easyJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with easyJet at $48 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at easyJet. How many flights are there between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and Barcelona-El Prat Airport per day? Each day, there are between 2 and 8 nonstop flights that take off from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and land in Barcelona-El Prat Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 45m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 39 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and Barcelona-El Prat Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Barcelona from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is typically 1h 45m. The journey crosses a distance of 533 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport at 7:05 am and will be landing in Barcelona-El Prat Airport at 8:50 am. What’s the latest departure time from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport jets off at 10:55 pm and lands at 12:45 am. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight $30 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 36% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 41% increase in price. Flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona When to book flights from Charles de Gaulle to Barcelona-El Prat Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Charles de Gaulle to Barcelona-El Prat based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona flights Do I need a passport to fly between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and Barcelona? Yes Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona? Only Delta offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona? SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and Barcelona, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona? There are nonstop flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Paris to Barcelona, Air France or easyJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Paris to Barcelona are Air France and easyJet. With an average price for the route of $261 and an overall rating of 7.4, Air France is the most popular choice. easyJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $131 and an overall rating of 6.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Barcelona from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Barcelona with an airline and back to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport and BCN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Barcelona from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from CDG to Barcelona Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $70 or less one-way and $97 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Paris Charles de Gaulle to Barcelona-El Prat? Find which airlines fly direct from Charles de Gaulle to Barcelona-El Prat, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Paris Charles de Gaulle to Barcelona-El Prat Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +13 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +14 more 12 13 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +12 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +13 more 11 12 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +13 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +14 more 12 13 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +13 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +13 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +13 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Barcelona-El Prat to Paris Charles de Gaulle Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +14 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +15 more 13 14 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +12 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +13 more 11 12 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +14 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +15 more 13 14 Thursday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +14 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +15 more 13 14 Friday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +14 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +15 more 13 14 Saturday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +11 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aeromexico, Air Austral, Air France, +12 more Aeromexico, Air Austral, +13 more 11 12 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Charles de Gaulle to Barcelona-El Prat See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Paris to Barcelona. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Charles de Gaulle to Barcelona-El Prat? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 77entertainment 79food 82overall 82boarding 78comfort 86crew Airline reviews Cons: "Swiss perfect as always, Barcelona ground worker disaster, as always...."Read more about SWISS Cons: "Swiss perfect as always, Barcelona ground worker disaster, as always...." Cons: "Nada, I slept through this leg and the staff let me be." Cons: "The TVs in economy class weren’t working and it was an 8 hour flight so it would have been nice to have some entertainment during that time" Pros: "fresh baked bread!" Cons: "fight was delayed almost 4 hours. we were stuck on the plane for over 2 hours before liftoff while technical difficulties were worked out. no compensation offered." Pros: "Bombardier C Series. Most leg room and comfort of any plane" Pros: "The seats were good for a short flight, which this was. No complaints." Pros: "Crew was nice" Cons: "No WiFi on a 12 hour flight, but we could all see the full signal WiFi for the crew, aptly named. LXCrew. Awful to see them using WiFi when we are unable." Pros: "The boarding process was much easier and faster. No delayed flights." Cons: "I used the laboratory before takeoff as I was one of the first people on the plane and I forgot to go before I boarded. The hand soap container was empty and I had to tell one of the crew. Shouldn’t that have been taken care of before boarding passengers?" Cons: "Check in was annoying in Paris as we had to go to ticket counter, and then go to a different counter to pay for luggage. Annoyed in the first place to have to pay for 2 checked bags on international flight, but to have to go into three separate lines in order to do so was pouring salt into a wound." Cons: "Seats and leg space were uncomfortable, staff could have been friendlier and more presentable (cleaner appearance)" Everything in general was great, but we left 30 minutes late Pros: "Crew was great, on time flight, clean plane." Cons: "Entertainments options were shockingly few. Honestly have not been on a plane recently with so few and limited options of TV series and movies. I was extremely surprised. Wish I had know and I would’ve had more options for my family." Pros: "The crew from Kili to DarEsSalam was tired. A fresh crew worked from DarEsSalam to AMS and they were great." Cons: "The boarding process was chaotic. The passengers in the first boarding group had to fight through the crowd because there were no boarding lanes." Pros: "The crew is excellent but the seats are not comfortable enough. There should be a way to balance money and comfort,not just placing people in seats they do not fit into" Cons: "Nothing,just the seats. Cleanliness was perfect" Pros: "Very friendly and responsive crew. Announcements from the Capitan and chief of flight attendants are very informative and comforting. Seat positions: very good leg room (even in economy)!" Cons: "Newer airplane, as 747s are kind of outdated now, especially for long distance flights. But overall had good experience with KLM" Pros: "My seat" Cons: "My suitcase wasn’t in the plane. 8 hours in the plane and no one offered us water. We had to look for flight attendant. Entertainment wasn’t great not too many choices and quality of screens was poor" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They check for everything in the counter as if it was a low cost airline. If you go a kilo more over your baggage allowance you have to pay 100 eur. And for your cabin luggage you only have 12 kg that they check you twice and they have security staff at the airport specifically check in this." Pros: "KLM was a great experience compared to Airitalia. The food was good, the flight attendants were very helpful." Cons: "None of our 4 checked bags arrived with us. This was despite ample connection time (2+ hours) in Amsterdam." Cons: "Services was pretty weird .. Perse or crew Leader was ok But the assistent Young one was Really bad.. aptitud and not friendly at all." Pros: "The crew, leg room with seats! The flight crew was extremely nice!!!!" Cons: "Everything was pleasant....I wouldn’t change anything." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and attentive. Seats were very tight and uncomfortable, specially for a 6’3 tall person!" Cons: "Boarding could be a little bit more organized" Pros: "Comfortable plan. crew, at least in our section of the plan was minimally attentive." Cons: "crew could have been more attentive. other then the basic services no one made any effort to see if we wanted anything else." Pros: "Crew was great." Cons: "Check in time took a very long time with a boarding pass." Pros: "Nothing at all" Cons: "They cancelled my ticket because I missed the second leg of the flight. They didn’t even offer me an option and told me to find my own flight home. I had to pay $1100 on another airline to fly home tomorrow. I will NEVER use Lufthansa again" Pros: "Crew, boarding, seat" Cons: "Paris airport is extremely passenger unfriendly. Better to connect somewhere else" Cons: "The flight was delayed several times and we were kept waiting at the gate without knowing when exactly we will leave." Cons: "The fact that I was re routed that my flight from Paris was late and made me miss my connection." Pros: "Attentive and friendly crew, good selection of in-flight entertainment" Cons: "Crew did not come around very frequently with water throughout flight, mostly only during regular beverage service." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Not making my connection due to plane delay, poor boarding processes, long Lufthansa lines, and slow customer service. Couldn't make my connecting flight or the flight after that because they were over booked. Then was sent to Brussels with a 4 hour layover, and missed my Saturday interview at 4 pm. Then the Brussels Airlines flight was delayed. Never again." Pros: "The seat was really comfortable and I was able to sleep the whole flight with no disturbance" Cons: "N/A" Cons: "The best airline what I was flying so far !! Excellent food, drink, comfort seat, free entertainment with great selection." Pros: "Very efficient boarding. We actually departed earlier and then landed in Barcelona 15 minutes ahead of schedule. Overall a very smooth experience." Cons: "Air France delayed our JFK to CDG flight. That caused us to miss our connection flight afterwards from CDG to MUC. We got a later flight luckily but one of our bags got lost and is still currently lost!!!" Cons: "I didn’t have time to make it through customs. Missed my flight" Pros: "The crew were nice." Cons: "The boarding process was horrible and it involved climbing down steep stairs from the air tunnel to the tarmac to board a bus that took us to a far distance where the plane was parked. Had to new walk in the sweltering heat to the plane can climb up steep stairs in the heat! We were now kept in the plane for another hour with no aircondotion. It was boiling hot in there. We had to use the safety manuals to fan ourselves. We eventually left late and got to Lagos one and half hours we were meant to get there. Lastly not all the luggage arrived. Two days into my arrival and I am yet to get all my luggage. It was truly a horrible experience which was echoed by fellow passengers." Pros: "In cabin crew was attentive and friendly. Food was good and came at good times. Middle bathroom on Airbus 380 was big and comfy." Cons: "Boarding was not too well organized and I followed Security's direction who put me in wrong line and I wasn't able to board with my priority group. Sitting in exit row with no floor storage so this delay made it hard to find overhead storage above my seat. (Grrrr) Entertainment system didn't work which made the flight feel LOOONG. (They offered an in-flight credit, but I'd paid for premium exit row seat and had to choose between moving to working system in crowded middle seat or keep premium, exit seat. I decided to have them move me to a seat with a working entertainment system, which were available and they'd offered, but never happened.) When I got home, I discovered the gift I purchased with in-flight credit and my own money wasn't the one I'd requested from Duty Free catalog so now I have to figure out how to solve this problem. (COULDN'T GET IT RIGHT.) Premium exit row seat was narrow, due to in-seat tray table & entertainment system, but seatbelt mounts and thinly padded seat made it even more uncomfortable on a long flight." Cons: "The company simply lets passengers board a fulled booked flight with far too much luggage. Result, take off 20 minutes late because there was not enough room for luggage in the overhead compartments. I was flying with just a small backpack that went under the seat" Cons: "There are always delays. Today it was that internet was down." Pros: "Service was much better than on the flight from MIA to CDG 3 weeks before - that was very poor. Entertainment was excellent - great selection of movies. Premium Economy was definitely worth the upgrade cost." Cons: "Boarding was a complete debacle - no control over who went where. Sky Priority line was full of 50 people who weren't Sky Priority, and there was only one person checking passports. The two people at the desk didn't care when I noted this. We were called to the desk in advance of boarding to check passport information. When we got to the check in line, we were taken aside for more passport checking, even though we are US citizens with Trusted Traveler status in the GOES program. We were one of the first people at the departure lounge, and one of the the last to board." Pros: "Everything went smoothly and I was very pleased with flight experience from beginning to end" Cons: "Initial delay and then take off delay because slot time had not been updated. Our family missed connections. Disaster follow up in terminal!!! So far far we have been over six hours from check in and are still not through immigration. This for an hour flight." Cons: "The food was okay. The sandwich towards the end of the flight was not very good at all." Pros: "The plan was new and smelled nice and the staff was very entertaining and nice." Cons: "The flight didn’t have wifi" Pros: "Everything was wonderful. Staff was courteous, plane was great, food on the flight was exceptional. Compared to Icelandair, this was a dream!" Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Excellent service I don’t have nothing to say was amazing" Cons: "this plane was 1.5 hours late - that was really the only problem." Cons: "Gate agent refused to let me carry on a suitcase that I have carried on dozens of flights (this specific suitcase) and I understand overhead limitations (I have more than 4 million air miles just between United and American Airlines). This was an A320 and I was about #10 getting on the flight. Space was not an issue. This added an hour to a 25 hour day to wait for luggage at LAX. And BA gives the agents an edge in that their test fixture has rounded corners to that a 22 inch suitcase that has hard square edges at the bottom (or wheels that make it square) won't fit in it. So the agent just points that it doesn't fit and you have to check. I was not happy from Paris to London." Pros: "Comfortable seats. Smooth flight. Pleasant crew." Cons: "My baggage couldn't be checked straight through to the states. Had to pick up bags, go through security again, which limited time spent in the airport to enjoy duty free shopping etc. Baggage allowances were different between British Airways and Virgin Atlantic, which necessitated checking out carry on bags. The gate agent was accommodating and checked them at no charge, but that could have been an expensive proposition if she wasn't perceptive. All food and drinks on this flight are for purchase vs. complimentary" Pros: "Flight crew were cordial" Cons: "Heathrow was a nightmare, didn’t find out gate until a few minutes before boarding. Flight was delayed over 3 hours, communication was nonexistent. Flight was uncomfortable, seats were tiny." SWISS8.0 KLM7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Air France7.4 British Airways7.3 Book cheap flights from Paris to Barcelona Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Paris to Barcelona found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/13Wed nonstopeasyJet 1h 45mCDG-BCN $30 Search 1/7Sun nonstopeasyJet 1h 45mCDG-BCN $32 Search 2/14Wed nonstopVueling 1h 50mCDG-BCN $34 Search 1/15Mon nonstopVueling 1h 45mCDG-BCN $35 Search 3/2Sat nonstopAir France 1h 45mCDG-BCN $75 Search 3/9Sat nonstopAir France 1h 40mCDG-BCN $77 Search 12/9Sat 1 stop 5h 15mCDG-BCN $80 Search 5/5Sun 1 stop 6h 45mCDG-BCN $93 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopBrussels Airlines 4h 15mCDG-BCN $121 Search 1/4Thu 1 stopBrussels Airlines 4h 10mCDG-BCN $145 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineeasyJetVuelingAir FranceBrussels Airlines Search by price$30 or less$40 or less$80 or less$90 or less$150 or less Last minute flights from Charles de Gaulle to Barcelona-El Prat Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Paris to Barcelona that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstop 1h 45mCDG-BCN 12/9Sat nonstop 2h 00mBCN-CDG $80 Search 12/4Mon nonstopeasyJet 1h 45mCDG-BCN 12/8Fri nonstopeasyJet 2h 10mBCN-CDG $81 Search 12/5Tue nonstopeasyJet 1h 45mCDG-BCN 12/8Fri nonstopeasyJet 2h 10mBCN-CDG $82 Search 12/5Tue nonstopVueling 1h 45mCDG-BCN 12/8Fri nonstopVueling 2h 05mBCN-CDG $97 Search 12/1Fri nonstopVueling 1h 45mCDG-BCN 12/15Fri nonstopVueling 2h 05mBCN-CDG $117 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopIberia 4h 50mCDG-BCN 12/9Sat multi-stopIberia 7h 10mBCN-CDG $173 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSWISS 7h 50mCDG-BCN 12/15Fri multi-stopSWISS 3h 45mBCN-CDG $219 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopBrussels Airlines 10h 10mCDG-BCN 12/9Sat multi-stopBrussels Airlines 16h 20mBCN-CDG $231 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopSWISS 6h 40mCDG-BCN 12/15Fri multi-stopSWISS 11h 55mBCN-CDG $257 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopBrussels Airlines 5h 50mCDG-BCN 12/11Mon multi-stopBrussels Airlines 12h 00mBCN-CDG $271 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineeasyJetVuelingIberiaSWISSBrussels Airlines Search by price$80 or less$100 or less$170 or less$230 or less$270 or less Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport - Barcelona Flights Departure: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)France Destination: Barcelona (BCN)Spain Return flight deals: Barcelona - Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Barcelona Business Class flights to Barcelona Prem Econ Class flights to Barcelona $60 Economy Class flights to Barcelona Browse origins: Flights » Paris » Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport $76Flights from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport to Barcelona-El Prat Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Barcelona-El Prat $76Flights to Barcelona-El Prat Airport, Barcelona Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Barcelona flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Barcelona from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Barcelona from Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.