Cheap Flights from Tel Aviv to Paris from $73 | (TLV - PAR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW TLV - PAR Find cheap flights from Tel Aviv to Paris from $73 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/25. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Tel Aviv to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Tel Aviv to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from Tel Aviv to Paris?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Tel Aviv to Paris that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:20 pm - 9:00 amTLV-ORY 11h 40m1 stop 9:35 am - 9:05 pmORY-TLV 10h 30m1 stop $130 Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Thu, Feb 1 6:55 pm - 11:10 pmTLV-CDG 5h 15mnonstop 7:15 am - 12:50 pmCDG-TLV 4h 35mnonstop $135easyJet Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Sun, Jan 21 3:30 pm - 7:45 pmTLV-ORY 5h 15mnonstop 8:10 am - 1:55 pmORY-TLV 4h 45mnonstop $192Transavia France Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Sat, Jan 20 3:30 pm - 7:45 pmTLV-ORY 5h 15mnonstop 8:45 am - 2:30 pmORY-TLV 4h 45mnonstop $196Transavia France Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Mon, Jan 22 6:20 pm - 10:15 pmTLV-CDG 28h 55m1 stop 7:25 am - 3:35 amCDG-TLV 19h 10m1 stop $233SWISS Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Fri, Jan 26 6:20 pm - 1:55 pmTLV-CDG 20h 35m1 stop 7:25 am - 5:10 pmCDG-TLV 8h 45m1 stop $234SWISS Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Fri, Jan 26 3:40 pm - 9:15 amTLV-CDG 18h 35m1 stop 7:10 am - 2:45 pmCDG-TLV 6h 35m1 stop $243Austrian Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Sat, Jan 27 6:05 am - 7:25 pmTLV-CDG 14h 20m1 stop 7:10 am - 2:45 pmCDG-TLV 6h 35m1 stop $244Austrian Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Mon, Jan 15 5:15 am - 5:25 pmTLV-CDG 13h 10m2 stops 6:40 am - 7:15 pmCDG-TLV 11h 35m1 stop $298Lufthansa Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Tue, Jan 16 7:45 am - 5:25 pmTLV-CDG 10h 40m2 stops 2:30 pm - 12:30 amCDG-TLV 9h 00m2 stops $349Lufthansa Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Tue, Jan 16 Show more results Flights from Tel Aviv to Paris - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Tel Aviv to Paris to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Tel Aviv to Paris flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Tel Aviv to Paris. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Tel Aviv to Paris cost $127 and was between Tel Aviv and Paris Orly Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly from Tel Aviv to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. The average price for a return flight for this route is $155. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Tel Aviv to Paris? The average price of all flights from Tel Aviv to Paris clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Paris on a Saturday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly from Tel Aviv to Paris. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Saturday and avoiding Tuesdays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Tel Aviv to Paris? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Tel Aviv to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Tel Aviv to Paris is January, where tickets cost $286 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are August and April, where the average cost of tickets is $449 and $433 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Tel Aviv to Paris? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Tel Aviv to Paris, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Tel Aviv to Paris, you should book around 4 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 54 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Tel Aviv to Paris? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on easyJet ($73) and Transavia France ($86). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on easyJet ($135) and Transavia France ($192). Which airlines fly non-stop between Tel Aviv and Paris? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Tel Aviv to Paris. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Tel Aviv to Paris. They are: Air France, EL AL and Transavia France. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Transavia France at $142 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Transavia France. How many flights are there between Tel Aviv and Paris per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 3 nonstop flights that take off from Tel Aviv and land in Paris, with an average flight time of 5h 01m. The most common departure time is 3:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon, while the most flights land at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Each week, there are 14 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Tel Aviv and Paris? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Tel Aviv to Paris take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Paris from Tel Aviv is typically 5h 00m. The journey crosses a distance of 2,044 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Tel Aviv to Paris? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Tel Aviv at 3:15 am and will be landing in Paris at 7:20 am. What’s the latest departure time from Tel Aviv to Paris? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Tel Aviv to Paris jets off at 6:20 pm and lands at 10:35 pm. Good to know Low season October High season December Cheapest flight $73 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 6% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 4% increase in price. Flight from Tel Aviv to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from Tel Aviv to Paris Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Tel Aviv to Paris based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Tel Aviv to Paris What attractions are there at airports in Paris? When taking a flight or during a layover at Charles de Gaulle Airport, you should take some time to enjoy the display of French art and culture at T1 and T2 houses, which often have exhibitions from the Palace of Versailles, The Louvre, and other art institutions in Paris. How do I get to Tel Aviv International Airport? You can use the train, taxis, shuttles, rideshare services, and car rentals. Major car rental companies in Israel have locations at Ben Gurion Airport making it easy to access car rental services. Israel Railways trains are located outside Terminal 3, making it easy to use the train to access the airport. Is parking available at Tel Aviv International Airport? Short-term parking is available at Terminal 3 at the Vineyard Parking Lot in the western building and Orchard Parking Lot in the eastern building. The main long-term parking lot is located in lot 15. The Terminal 1 Parking Lot can be used for either short-term or long-term parking. Payment is possible using foreign currency, Israeli currency, and credit cards. How far is Charles de Gaulle Airport from Paris’ city center? Charles de Gaulle Airport is located approximately 15 miles northeast of Paris. Getting from CDG to Paris is possible through either taxi, bus, train, or rideshare services. The cheapest transport option is the bus, which takes approximately 70min. The Le Bus Direct, taxi, and rideshare services offer direct transportation, which takes less time than the bus. Do I need a passport to fly between Tel Aviv and Paris? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Tel Aviv and on arrival in Paris. Which airports will I be using when flying from Tel Aviv to Paris? Tel Aviv is served by only 1 airport and there are 2 airports in Paris. You will leave Tel Aviv from Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl and you will be arriving in Paris at one of these airports: Paris Charles de Gaulle or Paris Orly. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Tel Aviv to Paris? Air France, and Air Canada offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Tel Aviv to Paris flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Tel Aviv to Paris? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Tel Aviv to Paris flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Tel Aviv to Paris? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Tel Aviv and Paris, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Tel Aviv to Paris? There are nonstop flights from Tel Aviv to Paris on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Tel Aviv to Paris, SWISS or Lufthansa? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Tel Aviv to Paris are SWISS and Lufthansa. With an average price for the route of $278 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Lufthansa is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $390 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Tel Aviv to Paris? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Tel Aviv to Paris. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Tel Aviv to Paris? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris from Tel Aviv is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Tel Aviv to Paris? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris with an airline and back to Tel Aviv with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Tel Aviv to Paris? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris from Tel Aviv up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Tel Aviv to Paris Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $348 or less one-way and $301 or less round-trip. Tel Aviv International Airport (TLV) is located next to the road between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, and not in the city of Tel-Aviv. The ground handling companies at Tel Aviv International airport offer special services, which include assistance and accompaniment for passengers with reduced mobility throughout the arrival and departure processes. Most service counters at Tel Aviv International Airport have auxiliary ear-loop systems to assist passengers with hearing disabilities. When traveling out of Tel Aviv International Airport, it is recommended that you arrive 2-3h before your departure time to give enough time for customs checking. Airports in Paris give easy access to the city, where you can obtain accommodation or travel easily to any other city within France. Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) in France has several more route options than Orly Airport (ORY), with most international airlines flying out of the airport. All major taxi services in Paris have locations at Charles de Gaulle Airport, which makes taking a taxi from the airport easy and convenient. The nursing station at Tel Aviv International Airport is located close to the airport’s Duty Free area. Please ask the attendants at the information desk about the nursing station for easier location. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl to Paris? Find which airlines fly direct from Ben Gurion Intl to Paris, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl to Paris Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, American Airlines, EL AL, +5 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Aeromexico, American Airlines, EL AL, +4 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Aeromexico, American Airlines, EL AL, +4 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Aeromexico, American Airlines, EL AL, +5 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Friday Aeromexico, American Airlines, EL AL, +5 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Saturday KLM, Air France, Delta, +1 more KLM, Air France, +2 more 1 Sunday Aeromexico, American Airlines, EL AL, +5 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Paris to Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, American Airlines, EL AL, +5 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Aeromexico, American Airlines, EL AL, +4 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday Aeromexico, American Airlines, EL AL, +4 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Thursday Aeromexico, American Airlines, EL AL, +5 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Friday American Airlines, EL AL, Transavia France, +4 more American Airlines, EL AL, +5 more 3 4 Saturday Aeromexico, EL AL, Air France, +3 more Aeromexico, EL AL, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Aeromexico, American Airlines, EL AL, +5 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Tel Aviv to Paris See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Tel Aviv to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Tel Aviv to Paris? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 79food 86crew 82overall 82boarding 78comfort 77entertainment Airline reviews Cons: "It’s frustrating to not have the ability to select seats before arriving at check in counter when there’s really not much to choose from."Read more about SWISS Cons: "It’s frustrating to not have the ability to select seats before arriving at check in counter when there’s really not much to choose from." Pros: "Everything aside from the food and cabin atmosphere." Cons: "Food and cabin atmosphere. The cabin felt very stuffy and warm." Pros: "Best flight for a long time. great service and entertainment." Cons: "I was unable to order vegetarian meal before the flight. This also a KAYAK / VAYAMA issue - you can not pass the info about special meal to the airline and Swiss seems to require that you order through them in order to specify such details. You should improve this." Pros: "Good product" Cons: "Seat had some problems, but the crew fixed it for me" Pros: "Good flight with Swiss friendliness. They even passed out food (sandwich) during this very short flight." Cons: "Nothing, really!" Pros: "Nice experience." Cons: "Seats are not so comfortable. Crew is nice, but not too nice" Pros: "The staff was polait" Cons: "No option to make zhek in No opthin for vegeterian The media in my seat didn't work" Cons: "I bought economy class ticket! (I have a printout ticket as proof!) When I went to the airport i had a VERY UNPLEASANT surprise. I had a 23kg bag. Bording stuart said that my ticket is ECO LIGHT class and I don't have the right to any baggage. Worst thing of all was that the reason of my trip to Paris was my sister's graduation and half of the baggage was my formal wear and other half were presents for my sister! Your lack of transparency ruined one in lifetime special event- MY SISTER'S GRADUATION. I am very glad that you asked me for my opinion because I am using my free time to demand full refund, even tough the damage is much bigger than the cost of the ticket and it's irreplaceable." Pros: "Everything is great when flying Swiss. From online checkin to boarding and throughout the flight. Thumbs up to Swiss. Simply a delight." Pros: "The plane was very clean the seats were neat and everyone was very friendly." One of the worst airlines I have used. My recent flight was delayed taking off, but what was worse is that they allowed us through the gate, got on the bus to the plane to be told in that the plane would not make a the direct flight to London due to fuel shortage and it had to make a stop in another location to pick up fuel. Absolutely shocking!! Can't work out of the A320neo was just short range on that they literally did not have enough fuel at the airport to fuel the plane. Tashkent to London is not a long haul, I have done this before, so therefore I am going to assume it's the lack of fuel at the airport. Not the best staff, they all seem to just go with the flow, no organisation. No control, like herding sheep in a pen at the gate, same when getting off the plane. No control. Food was ok but staff were rude. Better to travel in and out of Tashkent using Turkish airline. I have booked my return flight but will cancel and accept the hit and 1 stop to ensure peace of mind with Turkish airline. Terrible service and plane Just 3 toilets for over 150 passengers No screen A flights of nearly 8 hours. A disgrace It was friendly and I enjoyed the flight very much. We booked business and they offered nothing during the 1 hour flight Cons: "Sick (flue/high temperature) person was allowed to board the plane. Don't allow sick people on a plane during coronavirus epidemic." Pros: "Super nice" Cons: "To give tooth brush and tooth paste for long flight." Pros: "Yes they was super nice." Cons: "To give tooth brush and tooth paste for the long flight." Pros: "I must have chosen business class ($43?) and it was very comfortable. Very short flight but still served a snack." Cons: "Left about an hour late and took a VERY long time to get luggage after arrival." Pros: "Safe flight clean airplane" Cons: "Intertaimnet none of the tv in my row was working:-( no movie game or music for 12 hours of flight" Pros: "Friendly crew." Cons: "Planes old, and even business class seats are not very comfortable." Cons: "The transfer in Istambul was very tight on the way back I literally had to run to get to the flight" Pros: "Crew was good but could be better...timeing was very good." Cons: "Food, entertainment" Pros: "The Turkish Airline crew are treat you as guests not as customers." Pros: "Boarding couldn’t be easier. The crew is very attentive and nice!" Pros: "The flight went well with no complaints." Cons: "With Airlines in the US charging for almost everything except the air you breath while on their plane I hate to complain about the meal Turkish provided free but a couple of the items on the tray could have been better." Pros: "Superb entertainment system" Cons: "The flight back from Dublin to Istanbul was awful, it was crowded, very warm, no air to breath." Cons: "Service was terrible, crew was rude. Flight was delayed 2 hours leaving Tel Aviv and my luggage was not here when we arrived. They let us wait two hours for luggage before telling us it wasn't going to make it in. Frustrated and disappointed! Ground security in Turkey was rude and took my sons skate board which we had flown to Israel with and back to turkey, then they told us it couldn't come with us to miami although we flew Turkish both directions with no problem. In the end gate staff went and rescued his skate board from security as he got to the flight crying his little eyes out. Communication was terrible and staff was rude!" Pros: "Entertainment and food was good." Cons: "Flying to Tel Aviv (I missed my chance to review), my tray table was broken and the USB wouldn't charge on any of the televisions." Pros: "I have been travelling on the Turkish airline since years and it is definitely the best" Pros: "The lost my 1 checked bag of luggage somewhere between tel aviv-istanbul-frankfurt!! Filed a report at Frankfurt Airport but it was filled with all my essentials and some valuables and the airport staff didnt seem to concerned in helping me.... To clarify, my experience through Kayak has been fine! However this whole ordeal has left a very sour taste in my mouth...i still dont have my luggage. They couldnt track it l yet....maybe you can help or forward this message to the appropriate authority. It is extremely important to me :/ Thanks, I still like kayak :) -addam rhodes" Cons: "See literally everything above" Pros: "Although economy, it was pleasant and okay" Cons: "I bought a business ticket but flew in economy from Tel Aviv to Vienna. I knew about it but the ticket cost was still high." Cons: "Buses to and from the plane. One driver left us in a full bus waiting for 20 minutes. When we arrived in Vienna, there was no bus to pick us up. We had to wait in the plane until one showed up." Pros: "The flight attendants where good and welcoming" Cons: "Seats are not comfortable and there us not enough seats space (to narrow to tight), no entertainment system at all, no power outlets to charge phone / tablet etc. it’s almost 2020, airplanes must include those elements as standard." Pros: "New dream-liner from Wew to ORD" Cons: "I ordered Kosher food but they didn't have me on the kosher food list - I ended up not eating!" Pros: "Very good drink service (one cold and one hot drink)" Pros: "The flight was short: 4 hours. It was in time, etc. Certainly no entertainment." Cons: "After the breakfast (rather poor) no drink was suggested. There was a cup for tee or coffee. Empty one. After the breakfast they just took it away with other dirty dishes. It happened to all passengers in my neighborhood." Pros: "Service was great, the stewardess's were very professional and very caring without being too personal which is great for me .Every was done quickly and professionally with a great sense of efficiency and purpose .Hard to explain but so different from other airlines . Multimedia was phenomenal" Cons: "Food portions were smallish but acceptable .Seat reservation service got totally mixed up ,reserved one seat and got another .Maybe software glitch ,needs to be fixed." Pros: "Crew were amazing" Cons: "Delayed at boarding Delayed inside plane No entertainment No room for my long legs - no option" Pros: "You guys have. Very professional crew !!" Cons: "The customer service In Europe wasn’t helping out at all" Pros: "Overall reasonable flight. Nothing to write home about" Cons: "Breakfast was what I imagine prison food must be like. Rest of meals were fine" Cons: "Many delays boarding plane. No entertainment at all on a flight longer than 3 hours is insane. Flight crew are great, though." Pros: "Brand new very nice/comfortable planes. Great routes and flight departure/arrive times. Really great value." Cons: "They’re a budget airline so they nickel and dime you for food and beverage. They are not a member of “sky team” so if they have a flight delay or cancellation they will not book you on another airline." Pros: "Reasonably comfortable seat" Cons: "The flights was considerably delayed, due to Lufthansa's operation issues. Information provided at the terminal was nearly non existent and the posted information on the extent of the delay was inaccurate and not updated. All in all, not effective and non communicative handling." Pros: "Really friendly crew" Cons: "No entertainment, worst food I've ever had at an airline" Cons: "I missed the flight to Manchester due to delay in the flight to Munich" Pros: "Everything was excellent, there was no entertainment but wasn't needed because it was a short flight" Cons: "We got there 15 minutes late, which isn't that bad but I had a connection flight and it was very pressed to get to it" Cons: "Our flight was 9 hours late. We were given no notice of this until we arrived at the gate. it took an hour if holding before we could reach customer service. Customer service at our arrival gate was extremely slow. Baggage claim closed before my daughter’s luggage was released and it was lost until the next day. Our connecting flight was booked incorrectly do we had to spend the night in Frankfurt. Our 13 hour flight took 29 hours. The food was awful." Pros: "The seats are comfortable and the plane was clean and well-presented." Cons: "The flight left with a slight delay. As I boarded, I was issued a new seat in the middle, as opposed to the window seat I had selected. There was zero explanation for this change. When I approached the flight attendants about it, with a smile on my end, I was offered the equivalent of a shrug. As I gave up, I was also informed there was no more room in the overhead bins, so not only did I end up sitting in the middle (which I loathe), but also with my carry-on under my feet. I’ve always been a fan of Lufthansa, but I’m a little disappointed this time around." Cons: "When I picked up my luggage one piece had a broken zipper and my belongings fell out" Pros: "Although clearly an older plane, it was clean. Gate personnel re-assigned me to a seat in a row with no-one in it." Cons: "The gate of departure moved twice before departure. The last change was to a completely different building. Apparently the equipment was changed and I did not learn that I would need a seat re-assignment until I scanned my boarding pass during boarding. (However, the gate agent was quick to accommodate)." SWISS8.0 Uzbekistan Airways7.8 Turkish Airlines7.9 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from Tel Aviv to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Tel Aviv to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/25Thu 1 stopeasyJet 8h 25mTLV-CDG $73 Search 2/1Thu 1 stopeasyJet 8h 25mTLV-CDG $74 Search 2/16Fri 1 stop 9h 50mTLV-ORY $75 Search 1/25Thu 1 stop 9h 40mTLV-ORY $76 Search 1/26Fri nonstopTransavia France 5h 15mTLV-ORY $86 Search 1/12Fri nonstopTransavia France 5h 15mTLV-ORY $100 Search 12/5Tue nonstopEL AL 5h 05mTLV-CDG $188 Search 1/11Thu nonstopEL AL 5h 05mTLV-CDG $284 Search 1/6Sat 2 stopsSWISS 20h 05mTLV-CDG $1,282 Search 1/25Thu 2 stopsAir France 11h 05mTLV-ORY $1,890 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineeasyJetTransavia FranceEL ALSWISSAir France Search by price$70 or less$80 or less$100 or less$280 or less$1,890 or less Last minute flights from Tel Aviv to Paris Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Tel Aviv to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stop 16h 10mTLV-ORY 1/6Sat multi-stop 9h 10mORY-TLV $297 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 23h 40mTLV-ORY 1/6Sat multi-stop 17h 45mORY-TLV $333 Search 12/1Fri nonstopEL AL 5h 00mTLV-CDG 12/5Tue nonstopEL AL 4h 25mCDG-TLV $566 Search 12/5Tue nonstopEL AL 5h 05mTLV-CDG 12/11Mon nonstopEL AL 4h 25mCDG-TLV $568 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopIberia 13h 25mTLV-ORY 1/6Sat multi-stopIberia 9h 10mORY-TLV $968 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEtihad Airways 29h 15mTLV-CDG 1/6Sat multi-stopEtihad Airways 28h 10mCDG-TLV $1,092 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopEtihad Airways 22h 45mTLV-CDG 12/10Sun multi-stopEtihad Airways 28h 10mCDG-TLV $1,533 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEthiopian Air 28h 45mTLV-CDG 12/9Sat multi-stopEthiopian Air 27h 05mCDG-TLV $1,562 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEthiopian Air 28h 45mTLV-CDG 12/8Fri multi-stopEthiopian Air 27h 05mCDG-TLV $1,564 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopIberia 17h 15mTLV-ORY 12/6Wed multi-stopIberia 8h 30mORY-TLV $1,865 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineEL ALIberiaEtihad AirwaysEthiopian Air Search by price$330 or less$570 or less$1,090 or less$1,560 or less$1,870 or less Tel Aviv - Paris Flights Departure: Tel Aviv (TLV)Israel Return flight deals: Paris - Tel Aviv Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris $1,124 Business Class flights to Paris $702 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris $155 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » Tel Aviv $141Flights from Tel Aviv to Paris Browse destinations: Flights » Paris $141Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris $270Flights to Paris Orly Airport, Paris Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Paris flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris from Tel Aviv. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Paris from Tel Aviv. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.