Cheap Flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi from $57 | (PNH - BKK) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW PNH - BKK Find cheap flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from $57 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 3/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Phnom Penh to Bangkok. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Phnom Penh to Bangkok. How much is the cheapest flight from Phnom Penh to Suvarnabhumi?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Phnom Penh to Suvarnabhumi that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:05 pm - 9:20 pmPNH-BKK 1h 15mnonstop 5:30 pm - 6:45 pmBKK-PNH 1h 15mnonstop $100Thai Vietjet Air Find Deal Sun, Feb 18 - Tue, Feb 20 8:55 am - 10:05 amPNH-BKK 1h 10mnonstop 11:05 am - 12:15 pmBKK-PNH 1h 10mnonstop $105Cambodia Airways Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Tue, Jan 9 3:05 pm - 4:15 pmPNH-BKK 1h 10mnonstop 11:05 am - 12:15 pmBKK-PNH 1h 10mnonstop $106Cambodia Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Thu, Feb 1 8:05 pm - 9:20 pmPNH-BKK 1h 15mnonstop 5:30 pm - 6:45 pmBKK-PNH 1h 15mnonstop $107Thai Vietjet Air Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Sat, Feb 3 7:15 pm - 8:10 pmPNH-BKK 0h 55mnonstop 11:05 am - 12:15 pmBKK-PNH 1h 10mnonstop $108Cambodia Airways Find Deal Sun, Dec 17 - Tue, Dec 19 10:20 am - 11:35 amPNH-BKK 1h 15mnonstop 12:30 pm - 1:45 pmBKK-PNH 1h 15mnonstop $134Lanmei Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sun, Jan 21 10:20 am - 11:35 amPNH-BKK 1h 15mnonstop 12:30 pm - 1:45 pmBKK-PNH 1h 15mnonstop $147Lanmei Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Sat, Dec 16 6:55 pm - 8:05 pmPNH-BKK 1h 10mnonstop 9:45 am - 10:55 amBKK-PNH 1h 10mnonstop $159Sky Angkor Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Sun, Jan 7 6:45 am - 8:00 amPNH-BKK 1h 15mnonstop 9:50 pm - 11:05 pmBKK-PNH 1h 15mnonstop $205Bangkok Airways Find Deal Sat, Dec 30 - Sun, Jan 7 7:25 pm - 8:40 pmPNH-BKK 1h 15mnonstop 1:10 pm - 2:25 pmBKK-PNH 1h 15mnonstop $206Bangkok Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Wed, Feb 7 Show more results Flights from Phnom Penh to Suvarnabhumi - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Phnom Penh to Suvarnabhumi to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport is September, where tickets cost $117 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are November and January, where the average cost of tickets is $146 and $144 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 90 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $100 on Thai Vietjet Air, followed by Cambodia Airways ($105). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $57 on Thai Vietjet Air and from $60 on Sky Angkor. Which airlines fly non-stop between Phnom Penh and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. There are 6 airlines that fly nonstop from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. They are: Bangkok Airways, Cambodia Airways, Lanmei Airlines, Sky Angkor, Thai Airways and Thai Vietjet Air. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Thai Vietjet Air at $93 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Thai Vietjet Air. How many flights are there between Phnom Penh and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport per day? Each day, there are between 14 and 20 nonstop flights that take off from Phnom Penh and land in Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, with an average flight time of 1h 11m. The most common departure time is 10:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 121 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Phnom Penh and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport take? Direct flights take on average 0h 55m to travel the 313 miles between Phnom Penh and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Phnom Penh at 6:45 am and will be landing in Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport at 8:00 am. What’s the latest departure time from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport jets off at 8:55 pm and lands at 10:00 pm. Good to know Low season February High season November Cheapest flight $57 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 7% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 11% increase in price. Flight from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport When to book flights from Phnom Penh to Suvarnabhumi Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Phnom Penh to Suvarnabhumi based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport flights Which airlines offer the best amenities? Different airlines usually have different onboard services on offer. For instance, Thai AirAsia provides passengers with Wi-Fi as well as a light meal, although you will have to preorder the meal. Thai Vietjet Air, on the other hand, only offers passengers a light meal. Where can I stay after landing late at Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? After arriving late at BKK, consider staying at Suvarnabhumi Ville Airport Hotel. The hotel is a 10-minute walk from the arrival terminal, and you can get there by taking the complimentary airport shuttle at the terminals. Does Phnom Penh International Airport have any lounges? Bangkok Airways is the only airline with a lounge at Phnom Penh International Airport. They have the Bangkok Airways Boutique Lounge and the Bangkok Airways Blue Ribbon Lounge. Both lounges are located inside security at the International Terminal and offer a wide range of amenities including meals, snacks, drinks, Wi-Fi, TVs, and even a workstation. It is also worth pointing out that there is a third lounge at the airport unaffiliated with any airline, The Plaza Premium Lounge. Just like the other two, it is located inside security at the international terminal. Are there nursing rooms in Phnom Penh International Airport and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Yes. You can change your infant in the PNH nursing room, which is located near the Post security checkpoint near the Baggage Claim area in the main terminal. When you arrive at BKK, you can breastfeed your infant in the nursing area near the ladies' restrooms. What is the quickest way to get from Suvarnabhumi Airport to the city? The taxi offers the quickest way to get from BKK airport to the city center. It takes less than 30min. On top of that, it is very convenient especially if you have heavy luggage as it will pick you up outside the airport terminal and drop you off at any destination of your choice. Public transport is also available from the airport although you will have to connect the train and metro or the train and a bus to get to the city. Which nearby cities can I get to from Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? You can use BKK as a departure point for trips to other adjacent places in Bangkok, in addition to the fact that it serves Bangkok. You might go to places like Bang Kruai, Nonthaburi, Pak Kret, Phra Pradaeng, and Samut Prakan for an excellent adventure. How do I get wheelchair assistance at Suvarnabhumi Airport? Wheelchair services at Suvarnabhumi Airport are available to everyone. There are two main ways through which you can get wheelchair assistance. You can either ask for one at any ticket counter or ask your airline to organize one on your behalf. The latter is the best option, especially for people arriving at the airport, since you are assured to get a wheelchair as soon as you land at the airport. Can I leave some luggage at Phnom Penh International Airport? Yes. Consider leaving your luggage in one of the luggage facilities and lockers located at the airport under some nominal fees for security purposes. You will proceed to reserve the luggage lockers using the Bounce platform located at the Baggage Claim area at the arrival terminal. Your luggage will be put on a security seal which helps identify the correct person of the luggage. Can I rent a car in Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Yes. One of the car rental agents at the airport will serve you genuinely. You can prefer choosing your car model from Enterprise, Avis, Hertz, Budget, or National agents whose offices are located at the arrival terminal. Still, you'll pick up your car at the car rental parking lot close to the baggage claim area. Where can I park my car at Phnom Penh International Airport before flying to Bangkok? Consider reserving a parking lot while reserving your ticket if you'll drop at the airport with a car. You can park your car at the parking lot close to the airport entrance, at the Baggage Claim Area, or at the arrival terminals at some fees depending on the duration you will be out of the PNH. Do I need a passport to fly between Phnom Penh and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? When flying out of Phnom Penh you will be using Phnom Penh Pochentong. You will be landing at Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, also known as Bangkok Suvarnabhumi. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? SkyTeam, oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Phnom Penh and Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? There are nonstop flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok, Bangkok Airways or Lanmei Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok are Bangkok Airways and Lanmei Airlines. With an average price for the route of $217 and an overall rating of 8.1, Bangkok Airways is the most popular choice. Lanmei Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $133 and an overall rating of 7.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Phnom Penh is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport with an airline and back to Phnom Penh with another airline. Booking your flights between Phnom Penh and BKK can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Phnom Penh up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from PNH to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $62 or less one-way and $113 or less round-trip. Before boarding your flight to Bangkok, ensure that you exchange your money for Thai Baht at the exchange centers at the Phnom Penh International Airport main terminal. It is the official currency used in the country and will therefore help make transactions easier. If you have the earliest flight from Phnom Penh through Phnom Penh International Airport (PNH), consider staying at Dara Airport Hotel so you cannot miss your flight. The hotel is a short drive from the airport, and you can use the complimentary airport shuttle to get to the airport. If you’re traveling with a service animal or pet, the pet relief area at Phnom Penh International Airport (PNH) is located in Terminal B a few yards away from the boarding Gate B2. Choose a child-friendly airline when flying with your kids over the holidays from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. Take Bangkok Airways, which operates between Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport (BKK) and Phnom Penh International Airport (PNH). For your convenience in traveling with children, this airline accepts bassinets, child car seats, and booster seats. During the flight, there are also free refreshments and games for children. When traveling with a pet, ensure that they are well restrained in a safe animal carrier. You might not be allowed to go past the security checkpoint if your pet is not well restrained according to the airport rules. To catch up with your flight while at the city center of Phnom Penh, consider using a bus, train, taxi, car rental, or town car to connect at PNH airport. Car rental, taxis, and town cars are the quickest but most expensive means of transport, for it takes about 15 minutes to be at the airport. The train and the bus are the most affordable means, which take around 21 minutes to be at the airport. The quickest way to get to Phnom Penh International Airport is via taxi. If you’re running late, consider using this means to get to the airport or you risk missing your flight. Public transport while cheap can be slow at times. Suvarnabhumi Airport (BKK) has sleeping pods open to all travelers arriving at the airport. They are located in Avagard Capsule Hotel and feature a wide range of amenities such as Wi-Fi and charging outlets among others. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Phnom Penh Pochentong to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi? Find which airlines fly direct from Pochentong to Suvarnabhumi, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Phnom Penh Pochentong to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Search Flights Monday Air Astana, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +18 more Air Astana, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday Air Astana, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +18 more Air Astana, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Wednesday Air Astana, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +18 more Air Astana, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Thursday Air Astana, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +18 more Air Astana, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Friday Air Astana, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +18 more Air Astana, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Saturday Air Astana, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +18 more Air Astana, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Sunday Air Astana, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +18 more Air Astana, Air France, +19 more 17 18 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Bangkok Suvarnabhumi to Phnom Penh Pochentong Search Flights Monday Air Astana, Austrian Airlines, Bangkok Airways, +18 more Air Astana, Austrian Airlines, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday Air Astana, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +18 more Air Astana, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Wednesday Air Astana, Austrian Airlines, Bangkok Airways, +18 more Air Astana, Austrian Airlines, +19 more 17 18 Thursday Air Astana, Austrian Airlines, Bangkok Airways, +18 more Air Astana, Austrian Airlines, +19 more 17 18 Friday Air Astana, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +18 more Air Astana, Air France, +19 more 17 18 Saturday Air Astana, Austrian Airlines, Bangkok Airways, +18 more Air Astana, Austrian Airlines, +19 more 17 18 Sunday Air Astana, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +18 more Air Astana, Air France, +19 more 17 18 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Phnom Penh to Suvarnabhumi See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Phnom Penh to Bangkok. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Phnom Penh to Suvarnabhumi? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 Bangkok AirwaysOverall score based on 1468 reviews 84overall 70entertainment 79food 83comfort 84boarding 88crew Airline reviews Pros: "The seat that I picked had lots of leg room." Cons: "Better selection of movies."Read more about Bangkok Airways Pros: "The seat that I picked had lots of leg room." Cons: "Better selection of movies." Cons: "The flight was fine. But it took as long for the luggage to arrive as it took the plane to fly from Samui... very poor" Cons: "Luggage did not make our flight to Siem Reap but came on next flight and was delivered to hotel 3.5 hours later. Can’t complain." Cons: "The flight was three hours late. Signage at gate showed original departure time and Check-In. After an hour signage showed Check-In closed, and updated new arrival time. Flight arrived later than estimated arrival time which was never updated. No announcements were made over the public address system until the plane arrived at another gate. They serve only water, coffee, and tea as beverages." Pros: "I wish crew can at least smile and watch where they are walking" Pros: "1. The staff was very nice and professional. 2. The boarding was easy and efficient." Cons: "1. The meal served was not very good. It consisted of cold, bland noodles with some kind of deep-fried meat. 2. It took a very long time for the airport to get the baggage to the baggage claim area -- almost one-half hour!" Pros: "As always, bangkok air provides good service and good value." Pros: "Great food on such a short flight. Friendly, helpful crew." Cons: "Flight was delayed, owing to late incoming flights. Problem was updates of new time were not available." Pros: "Efficient ticketing and boarding. Polite and helpful staff and crew." Cons: "No problems to report." Pros: "Excellent service for a short flight - even a hot meal! Efficient & friendly check-in. Flights on time, modern plane. Overall impressive & better than UK short haul carriers!" MAI flight is all time best if can add good food options Pros: "Great Airline! Airlines in the USA could take lessons from MAI." Cons: "These planes are not suitable for European sized passengers. I'm 1.86m and there was absolutely no space for my knees and no head rest on the seat to reach my height. The food is inedible." Pros: "Nothing stands out on the flight but checking in was painless and smooth" Cons: "Nothing really." Cons: "That was the least room I've EVER had on a plane. There was no way I could sit with my legs in front of me. I could count the hairs on the head of the guy in front of me (he didn't have that many), and it was a good thing there was no one sitting next to me, or we would have elbowed each other the entire trip. The food was mediocre, though it was served with a smile. Won't fly this airline again." Pros: "Pleasant, courteous staff." Cons: "Literally not enough leg room. Good thing for me it was a short flight." Pros: "Fairly good price for a flight out of Suvarnabhumi Airport." Cons: "Was given information about their frequent flyer program by their check-in staff and satisfied all the criteria for elite membership only to be told suddenly that the information previously given to me was several years old and that the requirements had been more than tripled since then." Cons: "the aircraft insulation was bad and leg space wasn't great." We boarded the plane at 1:20 pm It was hot. There was no air-conditioning It was stifling They kept us on the plane sitting there for 1 hour and 10 minutes No space in between the seats as per them the average height of human is 5’3” and weight as 55, so seats are designed as per the same. Also, the aircraft was dirty and full of insects VN661 flight, the A321 seats are starting to show heavy sign of wear and tear Pros: "The flight was short but comfortable. The flight also included lunch service that was also good. Overall, good value for money." Pros: "The flight was quick, limited turbulence, and the crew was very friendly and pleasant to fly with. The only negative was the plane itself." Cons: "The plane smelt like fresh urine, chemicals, feces, and burning rubber. Simply put, the plane should not be in active rotation. It felt immensely unsafe as the plane rattled and moaned throughout the flight." Pros: "seat uncomfortable, food wasn't good" Cons: "armrest seats should moveable for a child can lay down during 11hrs45' fly. Terrible experience! My seat number was 53A,B, and C wasn't moveable, boeing 777" Pros: "I love flying on Vietnam Airlines Clean planes Crew always friendly and helpful" Pros: "The flights left and arrived on time." Cons: "When connecting from a domestic flight to an international flight in Hanoi they do not check your bags to the final destination. They also do not inform you that you have to change terminals when arriving in Hanoi. I barely made the connection because of these two issues." Cons: "Allowing the boarding of business class passengers before economy class passengers." Cons: "Very low weight allowance on checked bag. Attendant made me go take out cash from ATM to pay for extra weight. When I returned, a different attendant told me a cash price twice as much as the first attendant." Pros: "Very comfortable" Cons: "Drinks would have been better since short flight it’s ok" Pros: "NO ONLINE CHECK IN. NO SEAT SELECTION. CANNOT MANAGE YOUR BOOKING ON THEIR WEBSITE! Terrible customer service." Cons: "NO ONLINE CHECK IN. NO SEAT SELECTION. CANNOT MANAGE YOUR BOOKING ON THEIR WEBSITE! Terrible customer service." Cons: "Took off on time finally got off the plane 45 minutes later than the said arrival time" Cons: "Boarding was a bit chaotic you could have started loading by blocks of row numbers from the back" Pros: "Good, fast, logical service crew. Seating was tight but that is logical on a short flight. Everyone was friendly and efficient. Staff seemed happy and very pleasant." Pros: "The crew are novices, but really try their best. Most of the seats on the flight were empty! Great for lying flat. So that’s why tickets are cheeeeaaap." Cons: "Everything about this plane is old. And creaky. Very old seats! The fabric is worn down! NOTHING is available to eat and drink. Zero entertainment. And when the plane gets cold, bring your own blanket, or covering. Other passengers have to be a negative. Some have never flown before, some walk up and down when we are all supposed to be seated. The crew do their best to coral everyone, but they’re just unruly. Best to find your own seat, far away." Cons: "The flight left before scheduled departure time. Many were stranded in Phnom penh. Please issue refunds." Pros: "The dreamliner from JFK to China was a real pleasure the plane and crew were excellent food not really to my liking but ok," Pros: "Crew was nice." Cons: "Food was really plain. More drink selection would be better." Pros: "They put us up in a hotel" Cons: "We missed the connection due to airline delays. So the flight they're going to get us into Bangkok will happen the evening of the next day. If they can get us the ticket change." Pros: "China Southern's people in Guangzhou are helpful and attentive. The boarding process goes as well as it can when boarding a plane that seats over 500 people. I enjoy flying on the upper deck of the A380. Even though the entertainment system went out late in the flight, it couldn't overcome the helpfulness, and friendliness of the flight attendants. China Southern's flight attendants are the best in the world." Pros: "I do get what some other reviewers are saying. The food was just fine, better than some airlines but no worse for sure. The crew was excellent and attentive, and i'm saying these things not having had the benefit of the CHEAP flight noted by the previous reviewer. I'll be flying with these guys again." Cons: "The same gripes everyone has about airline experiences, it's cramped, x 15 hours." Cons: "They did not have a vegetarian option available to me on board. They should have offered bottled water for a a flight this long to avoid dehydration. Also my entertainment system was faulty. It didn’t offer a wide selection of movies and halfway through the flight or completely shut down. I couldn’t even listen to music or track the flight. Staff also had difficulty understanding my English so I gave up on communication." Pros: "The flight itself was excellent !" Cons: "I had to return early because of a Crisis in the Family. the amount charged to change the ticket date as Highway Robbery. no consideration what so ever !" Pros: "Crew was fine - nice enough." Cons: "Oh my! So much body odor(!) on the airplane. It isn’t CHina Southern Air’s fault, but the plane smelled to high heaven - it was a terrible 2.5 hours. I’ll avoid this airline going forward due to the $150 luggage fees and smelly cabin." Pros: "On Time departure, Attentive crews." Cons: "It would be nice to see a smiley faces from all the cabin crews while providing services." Cons: "The crew has difficulty communicating in English which makes even a small request stressful." Bangkok Airways8.1 MAI7.5 Vietnam Airlines7.5 Lanmei Airlines7.6 China Southern7.1 Book cheap flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Phnom Penh to Bangkok found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 3/2Sat nonstopThai Vietjet Air 1h 15mPNH-BKK $57 Search 2/29Thu nonstopThai Vietjet Air 1h 15mPNH-BKK $58 Search 12/10Sun nonstopSky Angkor 1h 05mPNH-BKK $60 Search 12/10Sun nonstopSky Angkor 1h 05mPNH-BKK $62 Search 12/5Tue nonstopCambodia Airways 1h 10mPNH-BKK $63 Search 12/5Tue nonstopThai Vietjet Air 1h 15mPNH-BKK $66 Search 12/5Tue nonstopLanmei Airlines 1h 15mPNH-BKK $80 Search 12/13Wed nonstopCambodia Airways 1h 10mPNH-BKK $82 Search 12/30Sat nonstopBangkok Airways 1h 15mPNH-BKK $119 Search 12/30Sat nonstopBangkok Airways 1h 15mPNH-BKK $122 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineThai Vietjet AirSky AngkorCambodia AirwaysLanmei AirlinesBangkok Airways Search by price$60 or less$60 or less$70 or less$80 or less$120 or less Last minute flights from Phnom Penh to Suvarnabhumi Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun nonstopCambodia Airways 0h 55mPNH-BKK 12/5Tue nonstopCambodia Airways 1h 10mBKK-PNH $115 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 0h 55mPNH-BKK 12/4Mon nonstop 1h 15mBKK-PNH $116 Search 12/2Sat nonstop 1h 05mPNH-BKK 12/5Tue nonstop 1h 10mBKK-PNH $118 Search 12/3Sun nonstopCambodia Airways 1h 10mPNH-BKK 12/5Tue nonstopCambodia Airways 1h 05mBKK-PNH $119 Search 12/5Tue nonstopThai Vietjet Air 1h 15mPNH-BKK 12/7Thu nonstopThai Vietjet Air 1h 15mBKK-PNH $120 Search 12/2Sat nonstopThai Vietjet Air 1h 15mPNH-BKK 12/4Mon nonstopThai Vietjet Air 1h 15mBKK-PNH $122 Search 12/4Mon nonstopLanmei Airlines 1h 15mPNH-BKK 12/6Wed nonstopLanmei Airlines 1h 15mBKK-PNH $137 Search 12/4Mon nonstopLanmei Airlines 1h 15mPNH-BKK 12/8Fri nonstopLanmei Airlines 1h 15mBKK-PNH $157 Search 12/2Sat nonstopTHAI Smile 1h 10mPNH-BKK 12/4Mon nonstopTHAI Smile 1h 15mBKK-PNH $282 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopHahn Air Systems 23h 25mPNH-BKK 12/9Sat multi-stopHahn Air Systems 8h 30mBKK-PNH $477 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineCambodia AirwaysThai Vietjet AirLanmei AirlinesTHAI SmileHahn Air Systems Search by price$120 or less$120 or less$120 or less$160 or less$480 or less Phnom Penh - Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport Flights Departure: Phnom Penh (PNH)Cambodia Destination: Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport (BKK)Thailand Return flight deals: Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport - Phnom Penh Cabin classes: First Class flights to Bangkok $542 Business Class flights to Bangkok $261 Prem Econ Class flights to Bangkok $98 Economy Class flights to Bangkok Browse origins: Flights » Phnom Penh $120Flights from Phnom Penh to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Bangkok » Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport $120Flights to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Phnom Penh. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport from Phnom Penh. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.