Cheap Flights from Philadelphia to Boston from $24 | (PHL - BOS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW PHL - BOS Find cheap flights from Philadelphia to Boston from $24 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Boston These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Philadelphia to Boston, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Philadelphia to Boston, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Philadelphia to Boston?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Philadelphia to Boston that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:20 am - 7:43 amPHL-BOS 1h 23mnonstop 8:23 am - 9:58 amBOS-PHL 1h 35mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 20 - Mon, Dec 25 6:00 am - 7:23 amPHL-BOS 1h 23mnonstop 8:23 am - 9:58 amBOS-PHL 1h 35mnonstop $43Frontier Find Deal Mon, Dec 25 - Mon, Jan 1 6:10 am - 7:33 amPHL-BOS 1h 23mnonstop 11:03 am - 11:52 pmBOS-PHL 12h 49m1 stop $71 Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Wed, Dec 13 6:19 am - 6:51 pmPHL-BOS 12h 32m1 stop 8:33 am - 10:08 amBOS-PHL 1h 35mnonstop $76 Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Fri, Dec 15 2:07 pm - 3:25 pmPHL-BOS 1h 18mnonstop 7:10 am - 8:41 amBOS-PHL 1h 31mnonstop $128JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 6:00 am - 11:59 amPHL-BOS 5h 59m1 stop 5:25 am - 10:13 amBOS-PHL 4h 48m1 stop $147Delta Find Deal Wed, Mar 6 - Tue, Mar 12 5:05 pm - 6:30 pmPHL-BOS 1h 25mnonstop 3:30 pm - 5:10 pmBOS-PHL 1h 40mnonstop $148Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Sun, Jan 14 8:36 am - 1:25 pmPHL-BOS 4h 49m1 stop 7:33 am - 9:14 amBOS-PHL 1h 41mnonstop $158American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Dec 22 - Mon, Dec 25 4:29 pm - 8:44 pmPHL-BOS 4h 15m1 stop 9:00 am - 2:35 pmBOS-PHL 5h 35m1 stop $165American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Sun, Jan 14 6:00 am - 7:20 amPHL-BOS 1h 20mnonstop 7:10 am - 8:38 amBOS-PHL 1h 28mnonstop $178JetBlue Find Deal Thu, Dec 21 - Thu, Dec 28 Show more results Flights from Philadelphia to Boston - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Philadelphia to Boston to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Philadelphia to Boston? The average price of all flights from Philadelphia to Boston clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Philadelphia to Boston, look for departures on Wednesdays and avoid leaving on a Sunday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Boston, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly and Sunday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Philadelphia to Boston? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Philadelphia to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Philadelphia to Boston is January, where tickets cost $157 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and November, where the average cost of tickets is $218 and $203 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Philadelphia to Boston? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Philadelphia to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Philadelphia to Boston, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 68 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Philadelphia to Boston? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Philadelphia to Boston were found on Frontier ($38) and Spirit Airlines ($72). Frontier proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $24. Which airlines fly most frequently between Philadelphia and Boston? American Airlines connects Philadelphia to Boston up to 6 flights per day, followed by Delta (2 flights per day), and JetBlue (one flight per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Philadelphia and Boston? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Philadelphia to Boston. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Philadelphia to Boston. They are: American Airlines, Delta, Frontier and JetBlue. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $38 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Philadelphia and Boston per day? Each day, there are between 7 and 13 nonstop flights that take off from Philadelphia and land in Boston, with an average flight time of 1h 27m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 72 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Philadelphia and Boston? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Philadelphia to Boston take? Direct flights take on average 1h 10m to travel the 279 miles between Philadelphia and Boston. What’s the earliest departure time from Philadelphia to Boston? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Philadelphia at 5:45 am and will be landing in Boston at 7:07 am. What’s the latest departure time from Philadelphia to Boston? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Philadelphia to Boston jets off at 9:24 pm and lands at 10:47 pm. Good to know Low season January High season May Cheapest flight $24 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 15% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 2% increase in price. Flight from Philadelphia to Boston When to book flights from Philadelphia to Boston Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Philadelphia to Boston based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Philadelphia to Boston Where can I let my pet relieve itself at Philadelphia International Airport? Indoor relief areas are near Gate A-16 in Terminal A-West, before the A/B connector in Terminal A-East, the B side of the A-B walkway in Terminal B, the C side of the C-D walkway in Terminal C, Gate E-1 in Terminal E, just beyond the security checkpoint in Terminal F, and the United Club and Gates D3, and D4 in Terminal D. Outdoor relief areas, on the Departing Flights Road, are between Terminal A-West and A-East, between Terminal B/C ticketing and the Airport Communications Center, and after Terminal E and Terminal F. Where can I breastfeed my baby at Boston Logan International Airport? BOS features several private nursing rooms and Mamava suites where you can breastfeed your baby. The nursing suites are available pre- and post-security in Terminal A, near Gate B37 in Terminal B, and near Gate C20 in Terminal C. The Mamava suites are near Gate E9 in Terminal E, Gates B7 and B18 in Terminal B, and between Terminal C Gate C8 and Terminal E Gate E1. Does Boston Logan International Airport have an onsite hotel? BOS is home to one onsite hotel: the Hilton Boston Logan Airport. Connected directly to the airport’s Terminals A and B via a covered walkway, this hotel provides a courtesy shuttle to all terminals, the subway station, the water taxi boarding point, and the car rental facility. From this hotel, downtown Boston is four miles away. Where can I pray at Boston Logan International Airport? At BOS, you can privately pray at the Our Lady of the Airways chapel. You can pray at this chapel, in the walkway between Terminals B and C on the lower level, regardless of your religion. This is because it’s an interfaith center. Can I shower at Boston Logan International Airport before leaving? You can shower before leaving BOS at The Lounge, a relaxation spot near Gate C19 in Terminal C. At this paid-entry lounge, you can also have a drink or two, a couple of snacks, and read some newspapers. What are some of the special attractions at Philadelphia International Airport? PHL has a virtual library. In this space, a short distance from the D/E Connector, you can listen to classic and non-classic titles and podcasts. PHL also has Observation Areas on the Airsides of all its seven terminals. From any of these, you can spot flights taking off and landing at the airport. Which PHL Airport terminal will you use on this route? If you choose to fly with American Airlines, head over to Terminal A-West, A-East, B, or C. JetBlue, Spirit, and Southwest Airlines are in Terminal E, while United and Delta Air Lines is in Terminal D. Which airline is most suitable for this route? American Airlines would be a good choice if you have limited time as its features non-stop flights to Boston. Additionally, they have a special assistant coordinators program for travelers with disabilities. The team is dedicated to calling passengers who make assistance requests. They provide additional information or answer any questions the passengers may have. How accessible is PHL Airport? All areas of Philadelphia Airport are accessible, from the parking lot to the terminals and washrooms. The airport also features an AIRA program for low-vision or blind travelers and the Hidden Disability Sunflower Lanyard for any support. How do you get from BOS Airport to downtown Boston? Once you land at Boston Airport, you'll go outside the terminals where you find Bus SL1 from Silver Line. It'll charge you approximately $2 and will take around 20min to Boston city center. Alternatively, you can take a taxi, also outside the terminals, if you're in a hurry, and the trip will take about 10 minutes. Where is the car rental facility at BOS Airport? The Boston Logan car rental facility is situated outside the airport. However, complimentary shuttles outside the terminals will take you directly to the facility on 15 Transport Way. Some of the rental agencies you can rent a car from including National, Payless, Budget, Avis, and Thrifty. You can make the process seamless by comparing cars and reserving your car of choice through KAYAK before you travel. Do I need a passport to fly between Philadelphia and Boston? A passport is not required to fly from Philadelphia to Boston. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Philadelphia to Boston? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Philadelphia to Boston flight route: American Airlines, JetBlue, Delta, Frontier, Alaska Airlines, Cape Air, British Airways, PSA Airlines, Iberia, Finnair, and Spirit Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Philadelphia to Boston? The Embraer 175 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Philadelphia to Boston flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Philadelphia to Boston? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Philadelphia and Boston, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Philadelphia to Boston? There are nonstop flights from Philadelphia to Boston on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Philadelphia to Boston, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Philadelphia to Boston are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $183 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $183 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Philadelphia to Boston? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Philadelphia to Boston. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Philadelphia to Boston? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Boston from Philadelphia is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Philadelphia to Boston? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Boston with an airline and back to Philadelphia with another airline. Booking your flights between Philadelphia and BOS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Philadelphia to Boston? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Boston from Philadelphia up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from PHL to Boston Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $73 or less one-way and $129 or less round-trip. At Philadelphia International Airport (PHL), you can wait for your flight at American Airlines Admirals Club, United Club, or Delta Sky Club, provided you’re traveling with their parent airline. United Club is between Concourse C and D, while Delta Sky Club is to the right of The Earl of Sandwich in Terminal D. American Airlines Admirals Club has multiple locations, including in Concourses A East, A West, B, and F. In case you need assistance at PHL, visit the information desks in the East Wing, Airside, and Landside of Terminal A, Airside of Terminal B, and Landside of Terminal E. At these desks, you’ll find airport staff who are easy to talk to and ready to help. Alternatively, look for airport ambassadors. Suppose you want to fly sustainably from PHL to Boston Logan International Airport (BOS). If so, consider traveling with United Airlines or JetBlue, predominantly because these airlines have better waste-reduction, green design, and carbon offset programs than other air travel companies. Philadelphia International Airport (PLH) is situated approximately 10 miles from downtown Philadelphia. To get there by public means, you can board the Airport Regional Rail Line. It runs about every half an hour and will take you to the airport terminals. If you prefer to drive yourself to PHL Airport, you'll find on-site parking options. The Economy Lot charges about $11 per day or $4 for half an hour. The terminal parking garages charge about $24 per day for long-term parking. When booking your flight to Boston Logan International Airport (BOS), you'll find multiple non-stop flights with American Airlines. If it's okay to make one or two stops, book your flight with JetBlue Airlines, United Airlines, Spirit Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Southwest Airlines. Philadelphia Airport is a hub for American Airlines, and Boston Airport is a hub for Delta Air Lines as well as a focus city for JetBlue Airlines. Some of the amenities at PHL Airport include Mamava nursing stations, pet relief areas in all terminals, and companion care restrooms. There's a Quiet Room in the D-E Connector and Minute Suites in Terminals A-B Link where you can relax or catch some sleep. For attractions, PHL Airport features several art exhibitions on display throughout the airport, a Liberty Bell made out of LEGO in Terminal A-West. There's a kid's play area in Terminal E, and you can read or exchange books in Terminal A-West. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Philadelphia to Boston Logan Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Philadelphia to Logan Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Philadelphia to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +16 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +17 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +18 more 16 17 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +16 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +16 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Friday Aer Lingus, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +16 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +15 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +16 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +17 more 15 16 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Boston Logan Intl to Philadelphia Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +16 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +16 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +15 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +15 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aer Lingus, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +15 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Air France, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +16 more Air France, Alaska Airlines, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aer Lingus, Air France, Alaska Airlines, +16 more Aer Lingus, Air France, +17 more 15 16 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Philadelphia to Boston See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Philadelphia to Boston. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Philadelphia to Boston? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14218 reviews 86overall 78food 90crew 80entertainment 87boarding 84comfort Airline reviews Cons: "I am a frequent SW customer and normally love this airline. On this particular day however, the plane was loaded and ready to go for 7:10am departure, but we sat at the gate, and sat, and sat. Finally, at 7:25 the cockpit informed that SW had decided to add additional cargo - so the flight was intentionally delayed without consideration for connecting passengers (I had a 50minute window in Nashville with change of terminals required). All the while, the crew was whooping it up in the cockpit with the flight crew with no further explanation. In total, we were 25 - 30 minutes delayed." Cons: "I am a frequent SW customer and normally love this airline. On this particular day however, the plane was loaded and ready to go for 7:10am departure, but we sat at the gate, and sat, and sat. Finally, at 7:25 the cockpit informed that SW had decided to add additional cargo - so the flight was intentionally delayed without consideration for connecting passengers (I had a 50minute window in Nashville with change of terminals required). All the while, the crew was whooping it up in the cockpit with the flight crew with no further explanation. In total, we were 25 - 30 minutes delayed." Pros: "Check in was great" Cons: "There was a women on the flight with a dog. She went down the isle and was letting children pet it. I felt this lwas dangerous, as you never know what a child or dog are going to do. I had a nurse sitting next to me and she said you can’t believe how many children are bit by dogs who have no history. The crew did nothing to stop this" Cons: "The shade on the window was broken so I couldn't closer it." Pros: "Wifi" Cons: "We are still sitting on the plane waiting for a gate. The flight attendants are trying to blame people for trying to go to the bathroom for losing our gate spot. We are late." Pros: "The crew (one person in particular) was not very helpful with an overhead bin situation. Instead of listening to my suggestion that the bin across the aisle had if they just moved the back pac" Cons: "The crew was not very helpful with an overhead bin situation. Instead of listening and looking to see that the bin across the aisle had room if they just moved a brief case on its side, she ripped the bag out and checked it. Not my bag, but still found it rude the way it was handled" Pros: "TSA precheck made it easy, no long lines, and everyone was very accommodating" Cons: "Savvy travelers likely knew today would present possible delays so that was inevitable. However when we boarded the plane and the cabin was closed, even I expected to depart close to our announced delayed time of 925p. But after a considerable wait and no word, finally we were told, around 940p, that we were waiting on 20 passengers and their luggage from a connecting flight. If that was the case to begin with, why board is early in the first place? Why not just tell us we’d wait till the connecting flight arrived for the rest of our passengers to join us? Instead, we waited on the plane, and even once the passengers were on board we THEN had to wait for their luggage AND the paperwork to be dealt with! A 1205a arrival became a 1a arrival, and then (no fault of Southwest Airlines), we had to deal with one luggage carousel pickup at Logan. It was a horrible end to a long night of travel." Cons: "Why doesn't. SW reserve seats (at no charge) like other airlines" Cons: "Delay. Jet bridge did not work in St. Louis. Interestingly it did not work in Boston either!!!" Pros: "I made it home" Cons: "Delayed ~2 hours, made us rush to board, this I understand but then we waited in the hot plane 15-20 minutes for more people to board." Pros: "Friendly crew. Roomy Sears." Cons: "WiFi did not work, no food offerings (even for purchase) on a 6+hr flight, and there were no headphones to watch movies." Pros: "Jet blue flights seem generally good. Like the WiFi access to be Able to use flight time efficiently." Pros: "Seat was comfy, crew had personality. We got home quicker than expected, which was nice." Cons: "Plane was smaller than I thought it would be, the entertainment screen was a bit lacking. We landed too soon and had to hang out on the runway for a while, which wasn’t ideal." Pros: "The available movies were pretty good." Cons: "The crew member serving the food was way too slow." Cons: "Flight was 3 1/2 hours delayed. In-flight entertainment system didn’t function. They didn’t perform a beverage/snack service. Very poor overall. Disappointing." Pros: "Seats comfortable and good leg room." Cons: "Movies weren't available and TV was limited because flight was short." Pros: "The plane was super empty so everyone had their own row to themselves" Cons: "Our flight was delayed 4 times. We then sat on the runway for an extra 45 minutes because someone’s tv did not work. We missed our set transportation which was already rescheduled 4 times and had to pay $150 Uber to get home" Cons: "They had to reset entertainment sets 3 times before they started working. This happens regularly on the SFO to BOS jetblue flight." Cons: "We had a delay of 3 hrs which kept us waiting in the middle of the night" Pros: "Nice plane, good service and pilots, great landing - no issues at all." Cons: "Flight attendant in First class was visibly frustrated and unfriendly. He was not helping with my simple request for a blanket. Also, the were no food service in first class." Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Cons: "Flight was 1,5 hr delayed, which almost caused me to miss my connecting flight" Pros: "This was my daughter’s first solo travel home from college. She said the staff was helpful and kind. She loved that the flight was not over crowded. It was a smooth flight." Cons: "Only negative thing she could say was her flight was delayed an hour. But that isn’t terrible considering all the holiday travelers." Cons: "Wheelchair shortage on arrival, although I had one reserved. Waited for a while then walked. Not ideal. Very long wait for bus to rental car center." Cons: "We thought we were flying AirFrance as our emails came from them and were surprised to learn after waiting in the AirFrance baggage drop queue for 30 mins that we were in the wrong place." Pros: "chwcking in was very easy." Cons: "No in board beverages. On flight from RDU to PHL beverages were served." Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Pros: "Delta provided great entertainment options and it felt like endless food and drinks. The seats were also a bit more spacious than usual" Pros: "I had a great seat" Cons: "Attention to detail by the gate attendant who totally missed that I was boarding the wrong flight" Cons: "How come I always have a beautiful and talented flight attendant? She was perfect!" Pros: "Typical AA flight cramped in economy on a 737. Forever to store luggage." Cons: "More organized boarding." Cons: "Being sit at the plane for two hours and then having to deplane and board again plus further delays on the 44 minute fly to Boston made it feel eternal" Cons: "Everyone was very rude and would not answer questions and flight very delayed. No bad weather conditions" Cons: "They cancelled two of my flights in one weekend. We will not use American Airlines again." Pros: "Was departed earlier because we were all on board early" Pros: "The flight was early to arrive. There was also a rather frightening bit of turbulence, and the pilot explained why it had occurred, which I found very reassuring." Cons: "The food was definitely below average. It's virtually all carbohydrates.Other airlines provide you with a printed description of the menu options, so it's easier to make a choice. "Chicken or pasta" doesn't give the passengers any idea of what they are actually choosing. This time the chicken dish was served with pearl couscous, so it was basically pasta as well. The salad I was given was brown and wilted, and while the cabin attendants were kind enough to give me two salad that were in better shape (after meal service), I just think that quality control should have prevented a inedible salad from being served in the first place. I am also extremely opposed to American Airlines Transatlantic luggage fees. Since I was moving abroad rather than taking a short trip, I was not pleased about paying 100 USD for a second bag on top of an already expensive flight." Pros: "New gates at Philadelphia are beautiful but are hard to get in and out of and the design almost forces people into the hallway which clogs up pedestrian traffic down the corridor" Cons: "There were no announcements at the gate. So it was very disorganized and people were frustrated I had purchased some fried breakfast rice at the gate and it came in a bag. The woman at the gat told me I had too many bags. It’s not a bag lady. It’s fried rice. She was not friendly. At least smile when you tell me to combine my takeout bag and my very small cross-body bag that is barely big enough to hold my Iphone. Most of the announcements in flight were muffled and hard to hear. The safety speech was really quite terrible. I think someone was torturing her to do it. It was really quite painful to listen to....." Cons: "inflight entertainment wasn't working on my seat only which made my 6 hour flight seem even longer :(" Pros: "Great, friendly crew and excellent customer service from flight attendants." Pros: "Seats were pretty comfortable" Cons: "In-flight entertainment depended on the Wi-Fi working. It did not work the whole flight." Pros: "The plane was nice and in good shape. They had beverage service for a very quick flight which is nice. Can't rate food or entertainment because only hour or so flight." Cons: "It was freezing in the plane and I'm never cold. When I asked for a blanket they had none!!! They had just announced whatever they can do to make your flight more comfortable ask them. Not true, just words. Disappointed after the great treatment after flying ANA." Pros: "Everything! The flight left on time and landed early. Service was great and the staff was super." Cons: "Because of missed connection I had to go from Dulles to Reagan airport" Pros: "Landing safely." Cons: "Everything else. I flew from PHL to IAH and was very unhappy with the experience. The gate agents were unfriendly. The bag check agents downstairs were unfriendly. I had two separate phone calls with United a week prior to the flight to understand and confirm the bag policy. This was AFTER booking my flight so they knew upfront I bought a basic economy ticket. After my first call, I understood a personal item would be free and I would be able to pay for my carry on bag, but only within 24 hours prior to the flight. I made a second call to be absolutely sure the previous agent gave me the correct information and pricing. So I paid the $25 for my carry on, checked in online, and waited at the gate while boarding at the very end because I was basic economy. They did not let me board with my bag. They requested another $50 to check my carry on with them or I would be rebooked. I struggled to afford the flight, let alone the carry on fee I had paid in advance. I literally did not have the money, and even if I had the cash, they only accept plastic. What blew me away was they weren't asking me to check my carry on because of the size. But because of my basic economy ticket, aka, the N fare. Despite checking with two employees by phone after buying my ticket and paying for a carry on in advance, there is a rule in place that states "if you have purchased Basic Economy, you will only be allowed one personal item, unless you are a Premier member or a primary card member using a qualifying MileagePlus credit card." Therefore, there is no alternative. You are a second class citizen; a no good deplorable, when you buy this ticket and there is nothing you can do to upgrade it. Only the "premier" passengers have the right to bring a carry on aboard even if you think you're paying for the privelage. What I was expected to somehow understand after asking two United employees prior if I could purchase the right to bring a carry on bag aboard, was to CHECK my CARRY ON downstairs or learn the hard way. Wow. What a ruthless way to learn this lesson. I waited 7 more hours to board the next available flight. What a nightmare. I thought I had did the appropriate research necessary and planned in advance to avoid these situations. Checking in online and contacting customer service prior is no longer the convenience it used to be. Even if you've done your research, bring additional funds with you. Even if you check in online and have a digital boarding pass, always check in with a real human prior to entering the TSA security line. A side note, United is trying to save money while "speeding up" the process by forcing you to use a computer to hand over your checked luggage. Speaking with a human now is a monumental struggle." Pros: "Clean aircraft, swift flight" Cons: "Seat was changed to last row/middle seat (not what initially booked or confirmed with online check-in). Before takeoff, attendant moved all passengers in back row to alternate seats. Which meant that I was no longer traveling with my colleague. Unfortunately, that made our intended meeting time impossible." Pros: "Free TV since we were 2 hours delayed" Cons: "4 delays in 1 day on 2 flights. 2 gate changes with no relay of info and to top it all off my wife and i were reassigned to separate seats at the last minute by the airline and very rudely told to deal with it and to calm down when I simply asked why. We were appalled and embarrassed in front of many others in the gate boarding area. The gate agent in Houston has no place in customer service and was on some kind of a power trip. This surprised me with recent events. We are done with United now for many reasons" Cons: "The fact that I have to pay extra for food or any form of entertainment is appalling compared to other airlines. $20 for WIFI? That's a joke." Pros: "One of the friendliest and most customer friendly flights I've had in a long time." Southwest8.4 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Philadelphia to Boston Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Philadelphia to Boston found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/1Mon nonstopFrontier 1h 23mPHL-BOS $24 Search 1/1Mon nonstopFrontier 1h 23mPHL-BOS $26 Search 12/19Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 25mPHL-BOS $37 Search 12/17Sun 1 stopSpirit Airlines 13h 40mPHL-BOS $58 Search 1/4Thu nonstopJetBlue 1h 29mPHL-BOS $74 Search 12/14Thu nonstopJetBlue 1h 21mPHL-BOS $89 Search 12/17Sun nonstopDelta 1h 46mPHL-BOS $99 Search 12/15Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 23mPHL-BOS $112 Search 12/16Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 23mPHL-BOS $114 Search 12/16Sat nonstopDelta 1h 32mPHL-BOS $130 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesJetBlueDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$30 or less$60 or less$90 or less$110 or less$130 or less Last minute flights from Philadelphia to Boston Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Philadelphia to Boston that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 1h 23mPHL-BOS 1/3Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 35mBOS-PHL $68 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 1h 23mPHL-BOS 1/3Wed multi-stop 21h 38mBOS-PHL $117 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 32mPHL-BOS 12/13Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 49mBOS-PHL $153 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 32mPHL-BOS 12/7Thu multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 01mBOS-PHL $175 Search 12/3Sun nonstopJetBlue 1h 21mPHL-BOS 12/7Thu nonstopJetBlue 1h 31mBOS-PHL $318 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 1h 18mPHL-BOS 12/12Tue nonstopJetBlue 1h 36mBOS-PHL $343 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 25mPHL-BOS 12/7Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 11mBOS-PHL $364 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 14mPHL-BOS 12/7Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 42mBOS-PHL $374 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 1h 29mPHL-BOS 12/9Sat nonstopDelta 1h 45mBOS-PHL $379 Search 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 1h 26mPHL-BOS 12/12Tue multi-stopDelta 6h 17mBOS-PHL $389 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$120 or less$180 or less$340 or less$370 or less$390 or less Philadelphia - Boston Flights Departure: Philadelphia (PHL)United States Destination: Boston (BOS)United States Return flight deals: Boston - Philadelphia Cabin classes: $498 First Class flights to Boston $470 Business Class flights to Boston $778 Prem Econ Class flights to Boston $51 Economy Class flights to Boston Browse origins: Flights » United States » Pennsylvania » Philadelphia $63Flights from Philadelphia to Boston Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $63Flights to Boston, Boston Compare transportation modes for Philadelphia to Boston Average price Average duration Flights $731 1h 18m Trains $106 6h 26m Buses $114 6h 48m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Boston flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Boston from Philadelphia. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Boston from Philadelphia. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.