Cheap Flights from Washington Dulles to Tokyo Haneda from $728 | (IAD - HND) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW IAD - HND Find cheap flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda from $728 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/23. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Tokyo Haneda These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Washington, D.C. to Tokyo. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Washington, D.C. to Tokyo. How much is the cheapest flight from Dulles Intl to Haneda?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Dulles Intl to Haneda that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:35 pm - 12:50 pmIAD-HND 30h 15m2 stops 7:30 pm - 3:10 pmHND-IAD 32h 40m1 stop $1,081Air China Find Deal Sat, Mar 2 - Mon, Mar 11 10:10 pm - 4:55 pmIAD-HND 28h 45m1 stop 6:55 pm - 9:14 pmHND-IAD 16h 19m1 stop $1,160Air Canada Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Thu, Feb 1 8:20 am - 4:55 pmIAD-HND 18h 35m2 stops 6:55 pm - 8:01 amHND-IAD 27h 06m1 stop $1,252 Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Tue, Jan 30 8:20 am - 4:55 pmIAD-HND 18h 35m2 stops 6:55 pm - 10:32 amHND-IAD 29h 37m1 stop $1,290 Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Sat, Feb 3 9:40 pm - 7:45 pmIAD-HND 32h 05m1 stop 10:55 pm - 12:55 pmHND-IAD 28h 00m1 stop $1,488Turkish Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Wed, Jan 24 9:40 pm - 7:45 pmIAD-HND 32h 05m1 stop 10:55 pm - 7:15 pmHND-IAD 34h 20m1 stop $1,518Turkish Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 15 - Thu, Feb 22 7:00 am - 9:15 pmIAD-HND 49h 15m2 stops 10:05 am - 5:55 amHND-IAD 32h 50m2 stops $1,570Cathay Pacific Find Deal Wed, Mar 20 - Thu, Apr 18 7:59 pm - 9:35 pmIAD-HND 36h 36m2 stops 10:05 am - 5:55 amHND-IAD 32h 50m2 stops $1,603Cathay Pacific Find Deal Thu, Apr 11 - Thu, Apr 25 5:20 pm - 6:55 amIAD-HND 23h 35m1 stop 12:35 pm - 2:40 pmHND-IAD 40h 05m2 stops $1,642Lufthansa Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Thu, Feb 22 10:00 pm - 9:05 amIAD-HND 45h 05m2 stops 10:45 am - 3:30 pmHND-IAD 42h 45m2 stops $1,648Lufthansa Find Deal Sun, Feb 11 - Tue, Feb 20 Show more results Flights from Dulles Intl to Haneda - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Dulles Intl to Haneda to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport is November, where tickets cost $1,144 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and December, where the average cost of tickets is $2,034 and $1,896 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 19 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda found on KAYAK was with Air Canada for $736. Air China proposed a round-trip connection from $1,081 and Air Canada from $1,160. Which airlines fly non-stop between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and Tokyo Haneda Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport. They are ANA and United Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is United Airlines, with the best one-way deal found costing $720. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at ANA. How many flights are there between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and Tokyo Haneda Airport per day? Each day, there are 2 nonstop flights that take off from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and land in Tokyo Haneda Airport, with an average flight time of 14h 22m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 14 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 2. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport and Tokyo Haneda Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda take? Direct flights take on average 16h 00m to travel the 6,763 miles between Washington Dulles Airport and Tokyo Haneda. What’s the earliest departure time from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport at 11:05 am and will be landing in Tokyo Haneda Airport at 3:25 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport jets off at 12:25 pm and lands at 4:50 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $728 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 3% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 2% increase in price. Flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda When to book flights from Dulles Intl to Haneda Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Dulles Intl to Haneda based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda flights Do I need a passport to fly between Washington Dulles Airport and Tokyo Haneda? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda? Washington Dulles Airport and Tokyo Haneda are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Washington Dulles Airport from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl and will be arriving at Tokyo Haneda. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Washington Dulles Airport and Tokyo Haneda. On which days can I fly direct from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda? There are nonstop flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Washington, D.C. to Tokyo, ANA or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Washington, D.C. to Tokyo are ANA and Delta. With an average price for the route of $2,000 and an overall rating of 8.6, ANA is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,838 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Tokyo Haneda from Washington Dulles Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Tokyo Haneda with an airline and back to Washington Dulles Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Washington Dulles Airport and HND can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Washington Dulles Airport to Tokyo Haneda? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Tokyo Haneda from Washington Dulles Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from IAD to Tokyo Haneda Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $808 or less one-way and $1,406 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl to Tokyo Haneda? Find which airlines fly direct from Dulles Intl to Haneda, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl to Tokyo Haneda Search Flights Monday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 Tuesday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 Wednesday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 Thursday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 Friday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 Saturday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 Sunday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Tokyo Haneda to Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 Tuesday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 Wednesday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 Thursday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 Friday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 Saturday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 Sunday ANA, Singapore Airlines, Thai Airways, +1 more ANA, Singapore Airlines, +2 more 1 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Dulles Intl to Haneda See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Washington, D.C. to Tokyo. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Dulles Intl to Haneda? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Korean AirOverall score based on 5074 reviews 90crew 88overall 86comfort 85entertainment 88boarding 84food Airline reviews Pros: "Korean Airlines now definitely ranks on best airlines to travel internationally. Great legroom, good food, and a terrific cabin crew who was helpful and kind."Read more about Korean Air Pros: "Korean Airlines now definitely ranks on best airlines to travel internationally. Great legroom, good food, and a terrific cabin crew who was helpful and kind." Pros: "Nice, clean efficient. Comfort was good." Cons: "The crew was great but pretty impersonal. Not a great selection of movies." Cons: "Flight attendants rude to travel companion . Non Korean but speaks Korean. When addressing two flight attendants on Korean, they insisted on responding in English, rather than continuing in Korean. Travel companion not happy." Pros: "Wouldn’t allow me to board with no explanation and the third party company Flyus.com is a complete rip off" Cons: "Use better companies to book your tickets" Pros: "The crew, as always, was super professional, friendly, helpful, and efficient. The plane was neat and clean, I was pleasantly surprised with personal items like tooth paste, tooth brush, and slippers. And I was thrilled that you served wine with food as well. That goes a long way!" Cons: "I didn’t rate comfort and food as “excellent” as I did other items not because they were not great, but flying on an economy class for 14.5 hours, I can’t force myself to speak too highly about these two items, which doesn’t necessarily reflect my flight experience or Korean Air quality!" Pros: "The music of kpop" Cons: "Would have been good if there’s more korean drama available on the trip and some kimbap food too" Pros: "The crew was great. The technology is great. I enjoyed the movies." Cons: "I wish I had more water." Pros: "Everything was on time, the food was great, and the service excellent." Cons: "I would have liked more entertainment options. Movies and channels were limited compared to other airlines." Pros: "Selection of movies are great. They are new release and blockbusters" Cons: "Its just because a 16 hours total flights. My body is sore from sitting long time in small seats and not a lot of room to move around." Pros: "Cleanliness, super efficient, helpful, competent, gracious crew - among the very best in the world of airlines! Politeness and smiling courtesy defines KAL. The spacious seats are best for six footers like me - legroom wise." Cons: "It used to be my and my wife’s favorite airline. But the warm and dry air in the cabin dry our throats and nasal cavities and make travel so uncomfortable! My wife suffered twice with coughs and respiratory illness. I’m traveling by myself in this trip. She avoids KAL. Food is sparse and ordinary unlike before." The flight was canceled due to a mechanical problem. The rebooked flights were snot good. Many complexities. Will not use a third party booking again. Pros: "Great service!" Cons: "More comfortable seats and headphone jacks on the end of the arm rest (I kept knocking mine out when I moved in my seat)." Pros: "Excellent service from the cabin crew." Cons: "The Japanese (Washoku) breakfast was not as good as I expected." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and the service was reasonably good." Cons: "Seats were not very comfortable." Pros: "Crew was good. The food was good quality." Cons: "Boarding took along time and then the plane was delayed, not their fault but it made the trip less enjoyable. Manila is a poor hub." Pros: "Food and entertainment has to be better." Cons: "In Chicago, the flight was delayed for almost 4 hours which in turn made us miss our connecting flight to Jakarta. Then next flight available flight to Jakarta was 24 hours later." Pros: "Service and the fact that flight was not full provided for a better experience. Staff was super friendly and attentive. The films were new and tv was big! Food was ok." Pros: "Service was excellent, landed on time, courteous staff and good food. Good selection of movies and programs." Cons: "If the seat reclined a bit more, would be nice." Pros: "Courteous crew, delicious food and comfortable seats for economy. I was looking forward to the return flight!" Pros: "Staff was wonderful and pleasant. Food was good for plane food. Entertainment was enough to get us all the way there." Cons: "Seats in economy are a little uncomfortable, but to be expected." Cons: "Food is served in heated plastic containers. I would request Qatar airways not heat the food in the plastic container." Pros: "Excellent service on both flights. Truly a 5 star experience. Well done Qatar Airways." Cons: "Nothing. Keep up the good work" Pros: "Staff are very polite and helpful (ground staff and in the air)." Cons: "The food was hit and miss. Some of it was good and some of it used ketchup as a sauce. The economy seats have been stripped down to budget airline level padding and the rows seem have been been jammed in a little closer." Pros: "Yes overall probably the best flight to Chennai from DC" Pros: "Justfly stoled my money as i booked for seat and paid 30$ And the seat didnt booked I want my money to be returned" Pros: "All the crews are awesome and very helpful, especially to the parents with young kid." Cons: "More variety and quality of food" Pros: "The flight attendants were fantastic. They paid attention to every detail and anticipated requests. Always had a smile on their faces." Cons: "The service and the aircraft with QSuites were superb." Pros: "The service was great! I slept almost the whole way in economy and was very comfortable!" Pros: "The staff was very helpful went above and beyond to help. Everything was smooth from boarding to landing plus everything in between." Cons: "The flight got delayed which caused me to miss my connection flight. I was at the gate of my connection flight 5 minutes before the departure, however, they did not let me in. They transferred my flight and now I have to wait 24 hours for the next flight." Cons: "The crew should speak up and wait for answers before moving quickly away with beverages. Seat cushions are hard and thin. movie selections are terrible and few. worst selection ever." Cons: "Overall service was good but the equipment used is older. So the LCD screen is too small!! Even my iPad mini has a bigger screen ." Pros: "The whole travel experience on Asiana is great from easy check in to great onboard crew, food and service." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "It's very comfortable and the flight service is excellent." Cons: "Offer more snacks" Pros: "The crew and service (business class) were excellent: attentive, polite, and responsive. The food was good, but not quite up to the people (because they set such a high standard)." Cons: "The lie-flat seats in the A-350 from Hanoi to Seoul are much better than the seats on the aircraft used between Seoul and Honolulu (which I think was an A-330)." Pros: "The business class seat pods were superb. Food was good and crew was very helpful, especially in Seoul -- they automatically rebooked me on another Asiana flight to Bangkok when I missed my connection, and they loaned me a cell phone to call the people who were going to meet me there." Cons: "The 2 1/2 hour departure delay (due to a mechanical issue) resulted in my missing my connecting flight to Bangkok. Entertainment choices (movie selection) could use improvement." Cons: "It was cancelled. There was no proactive communication from Kayak or Asiana about the situation. We had to cancel and rebook ourselves." Pros: "I liked how clean everything was." Cons: "Before the flight I checked everywhere to see if there was an in flight meal so I could request a vegetarian one, there was no indication that food would be served. When there was food the only option had chicken, very disappointed in this." Pros: "It's hard to get comfortable on a long flight when you are on economy. But the crew was helpful." Cons: "I did not like the limited choice of food." Pros: "My vegetarian husband had good food on an airplane, which is rare. Also the service is wonderful on Asiana," Pros: "Flight was very comfortable." Cons: "Nothing really. It is just hard work doing such a marathon flight." Pros: "The prompt service of the staff and comfort of the plane." Cons: "Warm snacks instead of cold pastry." Cons: "Hello, My name is Mikyoung Seo who tried to book the flight tickets through your website. I got the e-ticket from you after buying the ticket by my credit card but a miniute later I got the other email from you regarding Thai airline did not process my flight so you recommended me to buy another ticket. So I bought another ticket. Today I found out in my credit card invoice there is a payment to charge for the first flight. Please cancel it before my money going out. I have all emails and documents regarding this issue. Please contact me with my email mseo@mdis.net Thank you. Mikyoung Seo" Pros: "First and only time on an Airbus 380. Amazing to see how such a large bird can leap daintily into the sky without any effort. Wonderful decor. Very pleasant and attentive flight crew." Cons: "Nothing negative, however was worried that the route might not be economical as such a large capacity plane was virtually empty. On the plus side, had empty seats all around." Pros: "My experience with the airlines was poor because I got downgraded without any explanation. Upon arriving at the airport, I kept hearing, 'just wait a second,' then, they would say, 'Im sorry.' In the end they issued a voucher to be used during a future flight, which will never be used." Pros: "Crew is approachable and the food is fine." Cons: "To make sure the plane is properly check before the passengers enter the plane. That is SOP. Dental kit or toothbrush and toothpaste should be ready dont wait the passengers will request or ask. Hoping you will considered my evaluation coz the ladt time I took Thai, its nice. Thank you!" Pros: "Boarding process has improved (SYD), the crew were friendly and attentive, my special meal (Indian vegetarian for something different) was quite tasty and even the entertainment options were good." Cons: "Business class seats on the B747 - unless you’re sitting upright, they are one of the most uncomfortable seats I’ve experienced. TG either need to upgrade the seats on the B747 (very unlikely) or put another aircraft type the BKK-SYD-BKK route." Pros: "Short flight but full service with flat bed business class, was not expecting that!" Cons: "I found it a bit odd that there were programs available from Bangkok to Vientiane, but no headphones to listen. I guess it improved my lipreading skills though ;)" Pros: "This was an extremely efficient service. The crew were very attentive, the aircraft was very comfortable and quiet - although more legroom would have been better!!" Cons: "Nothing" Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 Qatar Airways8.2 Asiana Airlines8.2 Thai Airways8.0 Book cheap flights from Washington, D.C. to Tokyo Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Washington, D.C. to Tokyo found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/23Tue 3 stops 37h 45mIAD-HND $728 Search 1/18Thu 1 stopAir Canada 18h 36mIAD-HND $736 Search 1/25Thu nonstopANA 14h 20mIAD-HND $1,038 Search 12/5Tue nonstopANA 14h 20mIAD-HND $1,042 Search 2/4Sun 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 19h 55mIAD-HND $1,470 Search 1/21Sun 2 stopsAmerican Airlines 19h 55mIAD-HND $1,514 Search 1/31Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 14h 25mIAD-HND $1,517 Search 12/5Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 14h 20mIAD-HND $1,561 Search 2/8Thu 2 stopsDelta 19h 00mIAD-HND $1,571 Search 1/19Fri 2 stopsDelta 19h 00mIAD-HND $1,701 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir CanadaANAAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$740 or less$1,040 or less$1,510 or less$1,560 or less$1,700 or less Last minute flights from Dulles Intl to Haneda Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Washington, D.C. to Tokyo that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopAir Canada 18h 44mIAD-HND 12/5Tue multi-stopAir Canada 16h 28mHND-IAD $1,463 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAir Canada 19h 04mIAD-HND 12/8Fri multi-stopAir Canada 30h 31mHND-IAD $1,538 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopLufthansa 25h 54mIAD-HND 12/16Sat multi-stopLufthansa 37h 35mHND-IAD $2,312 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopLufthansa 25h 30mIAD-HND 12/19Tue multi-stopLufthansa 30h 50mHND-IAD $2,373 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 19h 30mIAD-HND 12/5Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 12h 40mHND-IAD $2,585 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopANA 22h 50mIAD-HND 12/5Tue nonstopANA 12h 30mHND-IAD $2,593 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 18h 20mIAD-HND 12/19Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 12h 40mHND-IAD $2,602 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopANA 19h 30mIAD-HND 12/8Fri nonstopANA 12h 30mHND-IAD $2,610 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 26h 01mIAD-HND 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 21h 37mHND-IAD $2,663 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 19h 55mIAD-HND 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 19h 16mHND-IAD $2,915 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir CanadaLufthansaUnited AirlinesANAAmerican Airlines Search by price$1,540 or less$2,370 or less$2,590 or less$2,610 or less$2,920 or less Washington Dulles Airport - Tokyo Haneda Flights Departure: Washington Dulles Airport (IAD)United States Destination: Tokyo Haneda (HND)Japan Return flight deals: Tokyo Haneda - Washington Dulles Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Tokyo Business Class flights to Tokyo $2,530 Prem Econ Class flights to Tokyo $1,271 Economy Class flights to Tokyo Browse origins: Flights » United States » District of Columbia » Washington, D.C. » Washington Dulles Airport $835Flights from Washington, D.C. Dulles Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Japan » Tokyo » Tokyo Haneda $835Flights to Tokyo Haneda Airport, Tokyo Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Tokyo Haneda flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Tokyo Haneda from Washington Dulles Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Tokyo Haneda from Washington Dulles Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.