Cheap Flights from Boston to Miami from $33 | (BOS - MIA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW BOS - MIA Find cheap flights from Boston to Miami from $33 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/27. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Miami These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Miami. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Miami. How much is the cheapest flight from Boston to Miami?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Boston to Miami that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:50 am - 2:31 pmBOS-MIA 3h 41mnonstop 3:25 pm - 6:48 pmMIA-BOS 3h 23mnonstop $68Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 29 - Sat, Feb 3 10:42 am - 2:26 pmBOS-MIA 3h 44mnonstop 3:25 pm - 6:48 pmMIA-BOS 3h 23mnonstop $69Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sat, Jan 13 10:42 am - 2:26 pmBOS-MIA 3h 44mnonstop 3:25 pm - 6:48 pmMIA-BOS 3h 23mnonstop $70Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Thu, Jan 18 10:42 am - 2:26 pmBOS-MIA 3h 44mnonstop 3:15 pm - 6:38 pmMIA-BOS 3h 23mnonstop $76Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Thu, Jan 18 8:22 am - 5:14 pmBOS-MIA 8h 52m1 stop 3:15 pm - 6:38 pmMIA-BOS 3h 23mnonstop $96 Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Thu, Jan 18 10:50 am - 2:31 pmBOS-MIA 3h 41mnonstop 7:30 am - 10:43 amMIA-BOS 3h 13mnonstop $105 Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Tue, Jan 23 8:20 pm - 11:49 pmBOS-MIA 3h 29mnonstop 7:30 am - 10:43 amMIA-BOS 3h 13mnonstop $138JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Thu, Jan 18 8:20 pm - 11:49 pmBOS-MIA 3h 29mnonstop 9:50 am - 3:45 pmMIA-BOS 5h 55m1 stop $143JetBlue Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Wed, Jan 17 8:40 am - 12:22 pmBOS-MIA 3h 42mnonstop 7:00 am - 3:14 pmMIA-BOS 8h 14m1 stop $148Delta Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 6:05 am - 12:40 pmBOS-MIA 6h 35m1 stop 7:05 am - 3:17 pmMIA-BOS 8h 12m1 stop $187Delta Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Mon, Jan 22 Show more results Flights from Boston to Miami - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Boston to Miami to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Boston to Miami? The average price of all flights from Boston to Miami clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Miami on a Tuesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Friday is the most expensive day to fly from Boston to Miami. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Wednesday and avoiding Mondays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Boston to Miami? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Boston to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Boston to Miami is September, where tickets cost $152 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are February and December, where the average cost of tickets is $323 and $318 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Boston to Miami? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Boston to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Boston to Miami, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 26 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Boston to Miami? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Spirit Airlines ($33) and Frontier ($52). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($68) and JetBlue ($138). Which airlines fly non-stop between Boston and Miami? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Boston to Miami. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Boston to Miami. They are: American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $55 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Boston and Miami per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 15 nonstop flights that take off from Boston and land in Miami, with an average flight time of 3h 40m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 89 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Monday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Boston and Miami? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Boston to Miami take? A direct flight to Miami will take on average 3h 27m to travel the 1,259 miles flying distance from Boston. What’s the earliest departure time from Boston to Miami? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Boston at 5:00 am and will be landing in Miami at 8:43 am. What’s the latest departure time from Boston to Miami? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Boston to Miami jets off at 8:20 pm and lands at 11:49 pm. Good to know Low season September High season April Cheapest flight $33 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 39% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 23% increase in price. Flight from Boston to Miami When to book flights from Boston to Miami Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Boston to Miami based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Boston to Miami Is there a pet relief area at Boston Logan International Airport? If you’re traveling out of Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) with your furry friend or service animal, fret not since the airport is equipped with pet relief areas. No matter the terminal you’re departing from, there’s a pet relief zone in all terminals (A, B, C, and E) where they can stretch their legs and relieve themselves before boarding the flight to Miami International Airport (MIA). What accessibility services are available at the Boston Airport (BOS)? If you’re departing out of Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) and require special assistance to get to your gate, the airport offers mobility services. and have wheelchairs available on site. Book your assistance beforehand to make sure they’re ready for you. Boston Airport also has the Wings for Autism Program designed to ease the stress of families traveling with autistic children. What accessibility services are available for your arrival at Miami Airport (MIA)? For your arrival at Miami International Airport (MIA), it’s possible to book beforehand to have a wheelchair service or mobility assistance to get through the terminal from your gate. You can also find charging stations for electric mobility devices. All the restrooms located throughout the airport are also equipped with compartments designed for travelers with disabilities. Is there public transportation from the Miami Airport to the city center? Yes, there are a couple of ways of getting to Miami from the airport by public transportation. You can take the MIA Mover that connects the airport to the Central Station where you can catch the MetroRail into town. You can expect to pay about $2.25 for a single MetroRail ride. If your destination from the airport is Miami Beach, the Miami Beach Bus is the best choice for you, for about $2.25 each way. Does Boston Logan International Airport have a beauty salon? If you need to get your nails done or just want a fun and relaxing way to pass the time in the airport, make sure to visit the Classique Salon in Terminal C of Boston Logan International Airport. Open from 7:30 am to 6:00 pm, this salon offers a variety of services, including manicures, pedicures, massages, facials, and waxing. Is there a prayer room at Boston Logan International Airport? The Our Lady of the Airways Chapel is located in Terminal C of Boston Logan International Airport and is open during standard airport hours. Travelers of all religious denominations are welcome to visit the chapel, and some religious services are usually held on the weekends. Where can I dine at Miami International Airport? Whether you would like a small snack or a large meal, Miami International Airport has many restaurant choices that will fit your needs. Corona Beach House is a casual restaurant that serves Mexican-inspired dishes, while Chili’s Too has a menu full of to-go options. BookLink & Cafe offers many small sandwiches and salads, as well as coffee-based drinks. Which hotels have a shuttle service to Miami International Airport? The Sheraton Miami Airport Hotel is a modern choice that has a shuttle service to Miami International Airport and is less than 10mi from the city’s downtown. To stay in a chic hotel, select the Embassy Suites Miami International Airport, which also has a free airport shuttle and is a 15m drive from the Vizcaya Museum and Gardens. Do I need a passport to fly between Boston and Miami? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Boston to Miami? American Airlines, JetBlue, Sun Country Air, Alaska Airlines, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Boston to Miami flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Boston to Miami? The Boeing 737-800 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Boston to Miami flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Boston to Miami? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Boston and Miami, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Boston to Miami? There are nonstop flights from Boston to Miami on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Boston to Miami, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Boston to Miami are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $332 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $267 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Boston to Miami? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Boston to Miami. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Boston to Miami? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Miami from Boston is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Boston to Miami? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Miami with an airline and back to Boston with another airline. Booking your flights between Boston and MIA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Boston to Miami? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Miami from Boston up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from BOS to Miami Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $114 or less one-way and $251 or less round-trip. For mothers flying out of Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) with infants or babies, you’ll be happy to hear there are family rooms and nursery rooms throughout the airport. You will find various per terminal, located next to the various restrooms. If you’re picking up a car rental upon your arrival at Miami International Airport (MIA), there’s the MIA Mover train that connects the Miami Terminals with the Rental Car Center. You can find it on Level 3 between the flamingo and dolphin parking garages. If you’re waiting around for your flight out of Boston Airport (BOS) to depart, check out the public art program the airport has to offer. It supports local artists by showing their artwork throughout the terminals. You can also visit the 9/11 Memorial to honor the crew members and passengers from those flights. If traveling stresses you out or you just need to relax before your flight from Boston Logan International Airport to Miami International Airport, there are spas and massage spots in Terminals B and C you can enjoy while waiting for your boarding time. Just make sure you have enough time before disconnecting. Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) is a hub for Delta Airlines, as well as being a focus city for JetBlue Airways. Due to this, there may be more routes offered and connections available aboard these airlines. Within the airport, you’ll find more Delta check-in counters located in both Terminals A and E. For travelers looking at nonstop flights from Boston to Miami, book your trip with American Airlines, as it is one of the only companies to travel directly between these two locations. If you don’t mind having a layover, Delta Airlines is a good choice that offers affordable tickets. Have some extra time before your flight from Boston to Miami begins boarding? Grab an entry pass for one of the several private lounges in Boston Logan International Airport (BOS). The Lounge and The Club are open to travelers from all airlines, while the United Club offers discounts for individuals flying with United Airlines. To let your kids unwind before being cooped up in a plane for several hours, bring them to one of the three Kidsport play centers that are located in Terminals A, B, and C of Boston Logan International Airport. In addition to containing games and toys, these areas also have comfortable seating for parents. If you need to store one of your bags or a personal item once your flight has landed, go to the Baggage Checkroom in Concourse E of Miami International Airport (MIA). Prices range from $6 to $19 per day depending on the size of your belongings and the desk is open 7 days a week from 5:00 am to 9:00 pm. For those that would like to have a cigarette or use an electronic smoking device, head to the indoor smoking room that is in Concourse D of Miami International Airport. This room contains ashtrays, a ventilation system, and minimal seating. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Boston Logan Intl to Miami? Find which airlines fly direct from Logan Intl to Miami, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Boston Logan Intl to Miami Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +12 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +13 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +13 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +14 more 12 13 Thursday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +12 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +13 more 11 12 Friday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +13 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +12 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +13 more 11 12 Sunday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +13 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Miami to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +12 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +13 more 11 12 Wednesday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Boston to Miami See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Boston to Miami. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Boston to Miami? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19620 reviews 78food 83boarding 79entertainment 82comfort 86crew 82overall Airline reviews Pros: "Crew was excellent. Boarding was great." Cons: "I had significant delays on both the flight to Logan & the flight back to Charlotte."Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Crew was excellent. Boarding was great." Cons: "I had significant delays on both the flight to Logan & the flight back to Charlotte." Cons: "The headphone jack.was worn out, so the audio was sporadic." Pros: "Crew was nice and accommodating. Plenty of leg room in regular cabin. Good entertainment options.?" Pros: "so easy. thank you for having Starbucks in the DCA and BOS terminals. got text msgs about delays and all smooth!" Pros: "This older airplane has lots of room. And has free TV and movies on domestic flights on all seats." Cons: "However an older plane does not have touch screens and movie choice is limited." Pros: "Boarding was great and on-time. Flight took a bit longer due to the weather." Cons: "Couldn't understand any of the in-flight announcements. My in-flight entertainment didn't work right." Pros: "I've been flying budget airlines for so long that I was almost shocked to fly an airline that actually cares about its passengers! I kid you not, when they offered coffee to all passengers, I was so sure they would charge us I turned it down. Then, I noticed no one else was paying for it. The next time free snacks and drinks came around, I made sure to grab some! I also appreciated the few extra inches of leg room in every row. Being 6'3", not many planes are designed with your comfort in mind. I fit fairly comfortably in a non-emergency row seat. Last time I flew to Baltimore for work, I had a terrible experience with a different airline. It was $200 less expensive than most airlines, but I ended up paying more in baggage fees and seats. It was only a 1 hour flight and My boss said, "Cheap things usually cost you more, in money, time, and emotion" and nothing has been truer. I always assumed that flights were always unpleasant experiences. Now, I know better." Cons: "The seats, while having more than average leg room, still weren't very comfortable. Not that I'm expecting a luxury experience while flying economy, but I felt as though the headrest was farther back than average. I can usually fall asleep on a plane and wake up without neck pain, but I really struggled to even figure out a relaxing position this time around. I also did not know that JetBlue did not serve meals on cross-country flights. Or, on any flights for that matter. Had I known, I probably would've picked up a breakfast sandwich before boarding." Pros: "There was a weather delay and we were kept informed. Communications from the pilots were able to be understood. Best ever in that regard." Pros: "The crew members were great- really friendly and accommodating." Cons: "Turbulence. But like... nobody can make that stop so basically it was perfect" Cons: "Had to pick up gate-checked bag at carousel. But it arrived quickly." Pros: "The crew was great. The pilots too." Cons: "The audio and video at my seat did not work correctly." Cons: "Nothing, really. Airlines unfortunately can’t make people patient or polite, & I can’t afford a private jet, so I’ll have to settle for an eye roll or twelve." Pros: "Comfort and service was great." Cons: "The severe delays was frustrating and not getting enough information about it." Pros: "The only thing I liked about the experience and flight was the Delta Sky Club" Cons: "Everything" Pros: "Seat was hard, not much foot space" Cons: "My wife and Iasked for a snack, it was never delivered" Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "An hour and a half late, terrible communication about scheduling" Pros: "nice crew" Cons: "terrible seat comfort, late departure due to airline’s booking problems" Pros: "Quickly boarded and took off as well. It was a really smooth flight!" Pros: "My first perfect Delta flight. No issues. No delays. Excellent customer service. What more could you ask for" Cons: "No problems" Cons: "When my flight with American Airlines cancelled, I felt so panicked because I needed to be in Florida on Saturday night. But thankfully, lady who works for American Airlines solved my problem on the phone in couple of minutes easily. After that, when we were boarding to the aircraft, there was a cabin attendant lady. She came to us and ask me and my mother if we can talk English.I answered her with yes we can, but she demands to talk with my mother. And English is not her native language, but it doesn't prove that she doesn't know it. She tried to ask questions to her like, "where were you today?" so we couldn't really understand the reason for her to ask those questions in the first place. So we couldn't really say anything. While we were talking about my mother's English, the all aircraft was watching us, and trying to figure out what was going on. After all, she made us to sit there and wait her to replace us with other passengers. We waited the whole aircraft to be seated, then she took us to another seat with my mother. I can understand that it is her job but I'm not sure, if it had to be that much discomfort. We got pretty upset about it and it affects our flight quality. Plus, while cabin crew serving beverages, they didn't really ask us anything. We needed to call them for our order. To be honest, I would never flight with Delta. It was a disappointment." Cons: "Too many travelers on the same flight, but I know its the day before thanksgiving so its the way it is." Pros: "Crew were exceptional!!! Organizing the passengers and make the arrangements to meet the requirements of social distance. Bravo!!!" Cons: "Cookies had a very bad taste. Water was perfect!" Pros: "The crew was respectful and friendly, the seat was comfortable" Pros: "The crew onboard was fantastic. The food was pretty good as well" Cons: "Seat are extremely uncomfortable they are too small" Pros: "Left right on time and arrived at early. Relatively efficient boarding. Seats ok." Cons: "Nice to have inflight entertainment to own devices. Would have been helpful to have emails in advance letting you know what browser/app requirements are! Bathrooms are at a premium on a full flight!" Pros: "The crew members were extremely helpful. It was a full flight and hard to find space for all the carry-on luggage, but an extremely helpful stewardess did a great job of finding space for my bag. She was attentive and friendly for the beverage service and really made me feel welcome." Pros: "Crew on board are great." Cons: "American keeps canceling and changing schedules. They cancelled flight section and took it out of my itinerary. Then took over 3 calls and 2 hours on hold to fix." Pros: "The crew were pleasant and attentive. The seat was moderately comfortable. The food was decent and two services on a 5 hour flight was nice." Cons: "I’m getting so tired of flying American Internationally on old planes without modern norms. What international flight doesn’t have seat back entertainment or better cabin environment systems?!" Pros: "The crew was great. The plane was. It comfortable. There was no entertainment. Boarding was horrible. The manager was rude and made a snide comment to my husband while we were boarding. Then he yelled at an AA employee in front of all of the passengers boarding and kicked out from behind the desk." Cons: "Manager on duty could’ve been more tactful and professional." Pros: "Friendly service, quality new airplane, American airlines has improved a lot!" Pros: "Great crew made the trip pleasant." Cons: "Aircraft had no WiFi, broken tray table and was pretty worn." Pros: "The staff at the boarding gate and the flight crew were friendly and professional." Cons: "The United gates at Logan airport were quite horrible. Poor signage, limited bathrooms, and all the dining options were quite expensive." Pros: "I liked the ticket price." Cons: "The seat was very narrow with absolutely minimal leg space, and a carry-on bag was not included in the fare." Pros: "Salmon and rice." Cons: "Tvs not working and staff pretending as if they would fix it but actually the problem been going for a while with that airplane. The pizza should not only be a vegetarian one ." Pros: "Non stop . Wife and I were given side by side seats" Cons: "Last row" Cons: "Miserable seats. Inadequate overhead storage - I was forced to put my only carry on, a day pack, under my seat making the small seat and foot room even more uncomfortable." Cons: "Didn't like the fact that you had to pay to watch movies" Pros: "The flight was bumpy but otherwise pleasant" Cons: "There was a rude passenger that yelled at me as I was exciting the flight suggesting that I cut her off as we were getting off the plane thinking that I took her bag. It was outrageous and completely ruined the flight for me. I realize this has nothing to do with the flight but it just made me feel so crumby and attached that I felt the need to share it. Also the leg room was a joke. We barely had any room to move. I probably won't fly coach on united again due to the bad taste it left in my mouth. Unfortunate because it's hub is in chicago." Pros: "Good crews." Cons: "The UA439 flight from Boston to Chicago was delayed for almost 4-hours." Cons: "Because United scheduled flights without regard to airport Construction in Boston my flight was changed 3 times and I still missed my connecting flight. After I missed my flight, they refused to schedule me on the next available flight even though people behind me were scheduled because they were preferred customers. They refused to pay for my hotel and the customer service was rude arrogant and dismissive. I will absolutely never fly United again. The crew on the Boston flight to Newark was lovely everything beyond that was absolutely abhorrent. We got to our connecting flight exactly as boarding closed and they refused to let 11 people board. And subsequently, United staff was rude to us saying it wasn't their fault." Pros: "Nothing, 2 hrs delay waiting for a crew member and plane was ~25% full, no snacks or beverages" Pros: "The only thing I liked was that Frontier didn't wait until the last minute to tell us the flight was delayed (twice)" Cons: "Everything else. There was no food. The seats did not recline (confirmed by flight attendant), no entertainment, baggage claim took over 45 minutes. The tickets were not that cheap, especially after being nickel-and-dimed for every little thing. But for zero amenities I would hope they would at leas" Cons: "3 hours delay made me miss the next flight from MIA - GIG. I had to then spend the entire day at the airport with no accomodations provided. Terrible costumer service." Pros: "On time" Cons: "Extremely high charge for carry-on baggage, extremely high charge for changing flight times, no beverage service, seats are very small with no iPhone charger available." Cons: "I don't like the seats, they have no cushion and they don't recline. Plus the tray table is super small. Also you pay for all drinks. Another thing the pressure is horrible in these planes. It seems they try to cut down on cost so the cabin is not pressurized right to reduced your ears from getting the over pressure from the ascend and descent of the plane." Cons: "No snacks , no even water in an almost 4 hr flight . The flight tenders can be a little rude . Really uncomfortable travel . I won’t use Frontier anymore , first time I flight with Frontier, thanks for the experience, never again . They should make an effort for a better customer service" Pros: "Quick flight." Cons: "The seats don't go back, but you get what you pay for last minute." Pros: "Nothing really after paying $45 and l have to pay another $45 to go back to Cincinnati" Cons: "Too much luggage fee $45 is too much" Pros: "Price Comfort You can pack a backpack for a short trip and not pay baggage fees. Haven't had a delay in a long while. No cancelled flights since flying with them Boarding is typically fast and we typically arrive 15-30min early" Cons: "Crew is hit or miss Price of onboard snacks is ridiculous" Pros: "They charge you for everything nothing is complimentary . The seats are super uncomfortable. No tvs can't recline. They want you to think your saving So much because the ticket is cheap but they end up charging you for literally everything else. They charge you for everything nothing is complimentary . The seats are super uncomfortable. No tvs can't recline. They want you to think your saving So much because the ticket is cheap but they end up charging you for literally everything else." Cons: "They charge you for everything nothing is complimentary . The seats are super uncomfortable. No tvs can't recline. They want you to think your saving So much because the ticket is cheap but they end up charging you for literally everything else. Not worth it at all!!!" JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Boston to Miami Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Boston to Miami found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/27Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 41mBOS-MIA $33 Search 1/29Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 41mBOS-MIA $34 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopFrontier 8h 52mBOS-MIA $52 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopFrontier 8h 44mBOS-MIA $68 Search 1/23Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 29mBOS-MIA $69 Search 1/24Wed 1 stopJetBlue 5h 51mBOS-MIA $79 Search 12/31Sun nonstopDelta 3h 40mBOS-MIA $99 Search 12/13Wed nonstopDelta 3h 44mBOS-MIA $119 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 03mBOS-MIA $127 Search 1/2Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 20mBOS-MIA $139 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierJetBlueDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$30 or less$70 or less$80 or less$120 or less$140 or less Last minute flights from Boston to Miami Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Boston to Miami that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stop 25h 04mBOS-MIA 12/8Fri nonstop 3h 20mMIA-BOS $185 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 3h 44mBOS-MIA 12/7Thu multi-stop 9h 13mMIA-BOS $193 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 36mBOS-MIA 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 12mMIA-BOS $214 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 44mBOS-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 20mMIA-BOS $215 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 29mBOS-MIA 12/22Fri nonstopJetBlue 3h 13mMIA-BOS $253 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 3h 29mBOS-MIA 12/7Thu nonstopDelta 3h 24mMIA-BOS $291 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 3h 36mBOS-MIA 12/9Sat nonstopDelta 3h 24mMIA-BOS $296 Search 12/5Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 43mBOS-MIA 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 21mMIA-BOS $304 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 42mBOS-MIA 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 16mMIA-BOS $310 Search 12/3Sun nonstopJetBlue 3h 29mBOS-MIA 12/6Wed nonstopJetBlue 3h 15mMIA-BOS $332 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesJetBlueDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$190 or less$220 or less$290 or less$300 or less$330 or less Boston - Miami Flights Departure: Boston (BOS)United States Destination: Miami (MIA)United States Return flight deals: Miami - Boston Cabin classes: $765 First Class flights to Miami $847 Business Class flights to Miami $488 Prem Econ Class flights to Miami $84 Economy Class flights to Miami Browse origins: Flights » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $66Flights from Boston to Miami Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Miami $66Flights to Miami, Miami Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Fort Myers Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Miami flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Miami from Boston. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Miami from Boston. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.