Cheap Flights from New York LaGuardia to Miami from $25 | (LGA - MIA) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LGA - MIA Find cheap flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami from $25 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Miami These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Miami. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Miami. How much is the cheapest flight from New York to Miami?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from New York to Miami that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:59 pm - 2:05 amLGA-MIA 3h 06mnonstop 6:50 pm - 10:00 pmMIA-LGA 3h 10mnonstop $57Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Fri, Dec 15 10:59 pm - 2:18 amLGA-MIA 3h 19mnonstop 6:57 pm - 10:00 pmMIA-LGA 3h 03mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Thu, Jan 25 11:09 pm - 2:20 amLGA-MIA 3h 11mnonstop 12:37 pm - 3:40 pmMIA-LGA 3h 03mnonstop $73 Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 11:09 pm - 2:20 amLGA-MIA 3h 11mnonstop 2:50 pm - 5:49 pmMIA-LGA 2h 59mnonstop $79 Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Mon, Dec 18 6:49 pm - 10:03 pmLGA-MIA 3h 14mnonstop 6:15 am - 2:04 pmMIA-LGA 7h 49m1 stop $96Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 3 - Sat, Jan 13 8:52 am - 8:28 pmLGA-MIA 11h 36m1 stop 6:15 am - 12:22 pmMIA-LGA 6h 07m1 stop $100Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Tue, Jan 9 7:00 am - 10:10 amLGA-MIA 3h 10mnonstop 3:45 pm - 6:48 pmMIA-LGA 3h 03mnonstop $148Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Fri, Jan 19 5:15 pm - 11:49 pmLGA-MIA 6h 34m1 stop 7:30 am - 1:21 pmMIA-LGA 5h 51m1 stop $165JetBlue Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Fri, Jan 19 5:15 pm - 11:49 pmLGA-MIA 6h 34m1 stop 7:30 am - 3:27 pmMIA-LGA 7h 57m1 stop $181JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Tue, Jan 23 3:29 pm - 6:49 pmLGA-MIA 3h 20mnonstop 6:15 am - 9:19 amMIA-LGA 3h 04mnonstop $188Delta Find Deal Sun, Dec 31 - Thu, Jan 4 Show more results Flights from New York to Miami - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from New York to Miami to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami is September, where tickets cost $168 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and April, where the average cost of tickets is $326 and $295 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Frontier offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $25. KAYAK users also found New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami round-trip flights on Frontier from $57 and on Spirit Airlines from $96. Which airlines fly most frequently between New York LaGuardia Airport and Miami? American Airlines connects New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami up to 8 flights per day, followed by Delta (6 flights per day), and Spirit Airlines (2 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between New York LaGuardia Airport and Miami? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami. They are: American Airlines, Delta, Frontier and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $44 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between New York LaGuardia Airport and Miami per day? Each day, there are between 16 and 19 nonstop flights that take off from New York LaGuardia Airport and land in Miami, with an average flight time of 3h 19m. The most common departure time is 3:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 122 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York LaGuardia Airport and Miami? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami take? Direct flights cover the 1,098 miles separating New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami in about 3h 01m. What’s the earliest departure time from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York LaGuardia Airport at 5:59 am and will be landing in Miami at 9:13 am. What’s the latest departure time from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami jets off at 11:09 pm and lands at 2:20 am. Good to know Low season September High season March Cheapest flight $25 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 22% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 6% lower on average. Flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami When to book flights from New York to Miami Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from New York to Miami based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami flights Are there lounges at MIA? Several airlines run various VIP Clubs and lounges at the Miami International Airport (MIA). They include the American Express Centurion Lounge in North Terminal near Gate D12, American Airlines - Admirals Club in North Terminal, across Gate D30, and Gate D15. Priority access to these lounges is for members and those with registered cards. However, economy class travelers can access them at a reduced rate. Is there a free shuttle to downtown Miami from MIA? Those arriving at MIA from LGA will be glad to note that there’s a free shuttle, the MIA Mover, that runs 24h, every day. Upon arrival at MIA, hop onto the Metrorail (Orange Line, Miami-Dade Transit) headed for the city center. The shuttle departs at a 15-30 interval, getting there after about 14min. Which hotels are near Miami International Airport? If you’ll be landing late at Miami International Airport (MIA) from LaGuardia Airport (LGA), consider passing a night at a nearby hotel. It will save you the rush of looking for a late-night connection to your next destination. Hampton Inn & Suites - Miami-Airport South/Blue Lagoon and Hyatt House Miami Airport. Which family amenities are there at MIA? Moms arriving at Miami International Airport (MIA) from LaGuardia Airport (LGA) have designated facilities to pump and breastfeed in privacy. You can locate these suites in concourses, post-security. The rooms also feature sinks, electrical outlets, and comfortable seats. Do I need a passport to fly between New York LaGuardia Airport and Miami? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami flight route: American Airlines, JetBlue, Spirit Airlines, Delta, Aeromexico, Qatar Airways, and Alaska Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami? The Boeing 737-800 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between New York LaGuardia Airport and Miami, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami? There are nonstop flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to Miami, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to Miami are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $393 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $267 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Miami from New York LaGuardia Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Miami with an airline and back to New York LaGuardia Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between New York LaGuardia Airport and MIA can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Miami from New York LaGuardia Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LGA to Miami Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $99 or less one-way and $169 or less round-trip. Travelers with kids via LaGuardia Airport (LGA) should keep in mind that the facility caters to the needs of nursing moms. There are Mamava Pods located in Terminals A, B, C, and D where you can pump or breastfeed in privacy. If you’ll be using Terminal C, you’ll find them atop the exit stairs, adjacent to Gates 28-42. LaGuardia Airport (LGA) features four active passenger terminals: A, B, C, and D. There’s a direct connection between Terminals C and D, and movement between the two is via walkways. However, a shuttle bus offers a connection between Terminals A and B as they’re far apart. If you have a scheduled flight early in the morning from LaGuardia Airport (LGA), you may find it prudent to sleep in a hotel near this facility. It will save you the morning hassle as you head to the airport to take your flight. New York LaGuardia Airport Marriott and Aloft New York LaGuardia Airport are two such hotels. Those who want to drop their cars at the LGA ahead of their flights to Miami International Airport (MIA) will get plenty of options to choose from. Terminal A Lot, Terminal B Garage, and the Terminal C/D Garage offer convenient spaces for on-site parking. Those interested in off-site parking should plan and book with the reservation system where they’re sure to enjoy cheaper and safer parking options. Families arriving with children at LaGuardia Airport (LGA) will find space for them to play with their friends as they wait for their flights to Miami International Airport (MIA). You can locate these spaces at Terminal B on the Eastern Concourse. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York LaGuardia to Miami? Find which airlines fly direct from LaGuardia to Miami, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York LaGuardia to Miami Search Flights Monday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Thursday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Friday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Saturday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Sunday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Miami to New York LaGuardia Search Flights Monday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Thursday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Friday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Saturday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 Sunday American Airlines, British Airways, Delta, +5 more American Airlines, British Airways, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from New York to Miami See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to Miami. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from New York to Miami? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19619 reviews 82comfort 82overall 78food 79entertainment 83boarding 86crew Airline reviews Pros: "I got a free coffee in the terminal which was pretty cool. I definitely needed it. And I've never seen a plane with TV channels. I liked that alot." Cons: "Nothing I can think of"Read more about JetBlue Pros: "I got a free coffee in the terminal which was pretty cool. I definitely needed it. And I've never seen a plane with TV channels. I liked that alot." Cons: "Nothing I can think of" Pros: "Crew was courteous and gave constant updates in regards to any delays." Cons: "Flight was delayed and there was congestion prior to take off. Not sure there was anything that could’ve been done." Pros: "The crew was ok." Cons: "We wait too much, at least someone should have told the reasons for the waiting." Pros: "Leg room and tv" Cons: "Increased cost of luggage, snacks , and perhaps a little more info about the flight delay" Pros: "Great service. Also loved the size of the seats and the leg room that I had." Pros: "Free unlimited snacks! Lots of leg room" Cons: "No safety video. Airport terminal was very small and stuffy. Security line was long" Pros: "Boarding was a bit delayed in the beginning but back on time very quickly, seat comfort and legroom was great. Loved that I got a full sized can of soda, that's always fantastic and snacks were fine." Cons: "My Seat 23D had a defective TV, so it was flashing on and off constantly throughout the whole flight, usually I don't have an issue with the entertainment because I like to sleep during flights, but due to some turbulence I was awake for part of the flight. Unfortunately with the flashing TV it gave me pretty bad nausea to the point of wanting to vomit, this is the first time I've experienced anything like this on a plane, was definitely looking forward to landing so I didn't have this nauseating feeling anymore. I have a video of the issue if anyone at Jetblue was interested in seeing. It was flight 499 from LGA to Orlando on 9-16-18. Thanks." Cons: "delays, crying children and sniffling sneezing passengers. Restroom was dirty." Cons: "Delays, changed departure gates. Getting used to this on most airlines these days. Was hoping JetBlue" Pros: "Crew was very friendly and helpful. This was my first flight on JetBlue and I was impressed with the selection of snacks and drinks." Cons: "N/A" Pros: "Crew was great, check in was fast. Overall great experience." Cons: "The food on the plain or snacks were to poor and not that tasty." Pros: "WARDA at the Miami Gate H07 was awesome. She went above and beyond. Everyone else was very helpful but you can get tell she does more than the norm. LOVE LOVE LOVE the free entertainment in the individual seats. Perfect for families!" Cons: "No complaints" Cons: "If you can get it he people at the desk to stop making announcements while there are announcements being made over the airport PA system that would be great. Especially when the person chosen to speak has a heavy accent and it’s competing with other announcements. My over 50 ears can’t make it out." Pros: "We got earlier than expected to our destination" Cons: "Perhaps educate passengers on the new Delta process of boarding. Too many passengers where disorganized; the crew tried very cars to direct people" Pros: "Our seats were assigned at the gate. Somehow we were given the comfort + seats. Very nice! Thank you!" Pros: "Crew was good" Cons: "No idea why there was over a two hour delay." Pros: "From the pilot...FAs....gate agents....everyone was very pleasant and professional. Plane was clean as well." Pros: "The flight attendants was very rude & keep harassing me about my emotional support dog, I was a real animal hater, the complaint is to long to list here, never experienced such a rude flight attendant in all my years of flying , I filed a official complaint with delta." Pros: "Crews were great." Cons: "Flight delays coming and going. Happens a lot with Delta." Pros: "Boarding was ok" Cons: "No entertainment screen and no free wifi. They let you sign in to their entertainment on the phone, but first of all the screen is small and it drains the battery of the phone and not comfortable. It would be great to have screens in all airplanes. Also, they give a pretzel and a bottle water, no other snacks and soft drinks are available." Pros: "El tiempo de llegada, aterrizamos 40 min antes de lo esperado" Cons: "Deben poner a los pasajeros que son impertinentes juntos" Pros: "Boarding was fast and efficient" Cons: "The crew in first class was indifferent at best. They seemed to hate life and their customers alike. Not what you expect when you pay extra for first class." Pros: "American Airlines officially has the most uncomfortable seats. The seats barely recline at all, the cushions on the seats are thin and they simply pack too many seats on the plane to not feel like you’re packed in a can of sardines." Cons: "Re-design the seating on your planes. It sucks at this point." Pros: "I got to Miami safely" Cons: "The communication regarding delays, flight attendants with manners and decent attitudes, preparation for flight before passengers boarded. The flight attended that made announcements needs to be CANCELLED. Her attitude was repulsive. Do better sweetheart." Pros: "The seat although with limited leg room, was comfortable." Cons: "The desk agent at the airport was awful and made my experience unpleasant. And already stressful travel was made much worse." Pros: "No traffic to LGA. No security lines. First in line to take off." Cons: "Snack options are very poor." Cons: "The gate agents were rude. So happy with their ‘power’ over passengers who are loaded like cattle onto the plane. They barked at every other passenger that their carry on bag was too big and wouldn’t even listen to train when bags would fit into the size checking stand." Pros: "No hassle boarding or deplaning" Cons: "Cramped seats. I am a loyal JetBlue customer, the seating consistently better than the major airlines." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "AA cancel flights recurringly and has no ability to help their customers. Got I flight cancelled yesterday, and was move to another flight later (10:30pm) that supposed to leave ate (3:30pm). After several delays, they started boarding us at 1:00am, but the boarding process so messy and confuse, the plane couldn’t took off before 1:40 by 1 minute and they had to cancel the flight with 200 people inside the plane. An absurd! Flight was rescheduled to today at 10am and obviously took off 1h delayed because AA can't organize simple things to expedite the boarding process." Cons: "It was very hot on the plane and uncomfortable for most of the flight." Pros: "The seat was not super comfortable but for a 3 hour flight it was good." Cons: "More movie selections." Cons: "Miserable seats. Inadequate overhead storage - I was forced to put my only carry on, a day pack, under my seat making the small seat and foot room even more uncomfortable." Cons: "The fact that I wasn't able to sit with my travel partner" Cons: "Charge for carry on Middle seat No full can of beverage" Cons: "The default on the browser defaulted to April 9 when I was actually booking the ticket for April 2. So I had to forfeit the $317 ticket. I use kayak a lot - can anything be down ?" Cons: "Didn't like the fact that you had to pay to watch movies" Pros: "Loved the attentive flight personnel. We were early. Plane was very clean." Pros: "Crew were friendly" Cons: "No one to help check in. Had to pay extra for my bag." Pros: "It left on time and arrived earlt" Cons: "I was seated in a window seat and another woman my size about 110 pounds was seated in the aisle however there was a 400+ pound man sitting in a middle seat which made it very difficult for me especially to even sit back because it was touching me the whole time when you have somebody of that size You should make sure they are on and I'll because then the find attendance would have some difficulty getting through instead of your passengers being inconvenienced either that or force people of that size to take two seats" Pros: "The base price was good, but once you add all of their extras, which in any other broadline airline the price is actually more expensive, but also no WiFi so could do work" Cons: "They “extras” kill you, want to bring a carryon, $$$, want to choose your seat $$$, you want the flight attendants to help $$$, no WiFi, pay for a soft drink, when all said and done I could of spent the same amount on delta, and gotten the miles from it, but I wasn’t buying this ticket! There really is nothing redeeming about this flight other than it got to Miami early!" Cons: "No one contacted me to try to give me any type of credit or refund even though I lost two days of my trip" Cons: "I was very surprised by the charge for a carry on, did not see any indication about charge for carry one when booking the flight. also the notification to go to terminal D at Laguardia was incorrect, it was terminal C." Pros: "I arrived to my destination" Cons: "We boarded late. Everything is for sale. It's all a business I guess but do you have to bother me when I'm trying to sleep just to ask me if I want to buy a coke? The chairs don't even recline." Pros: "The crew and the journey was on point but the passengers" Cons: "Due to the passengers this was my worst flight ever" Cons: "The flight was delayed 4 hours with never an alert to any passengers. The crew didn't even show up until the flight was already supposed to be boarding. I did not receive any message or alert that the flight was continuing to be delayed. I've never experienced anything like this before. And nothing was done to better the situation." Pros: "Flight attendants on the way to NYC were awesome and flight was great." Cons: "The way back to Miami was a disaster and the flight was very delayed, so I had to ask for a refund." Pros: "Disappointed I had to pay $45.00 for my carry on bag." Pros: "Friendly crew, clean airplane." Cons: "No food, no reclining seat, no music and/or tv. Too expensive to check bags. In a round trip, in many cases, the costs for checking bags are more expensive than ticket." Cons: "Charging $45 for carry-on, is way too much, regardless of whether it's a budget airline. Round-trip it's an extra $90. Might as well put that money toward the flight of another airline." JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from New York to Miami Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to Miami found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 3h 06mLGA-MIA $25 Search 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 3h 06mLGA-MIA $29 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 11h 36mLGA-MIA $35 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 14mLGA-MIA $48 Search 3/12Tue nonstopDelta 3h 15mLGA-MIA $74 Search 1/7Sun nonstopDelta 3h 24mLGA-MIA $79 Search 1/29Mon 1 stopJetBlue 6h 34mLGA-MIA $83 Search 12/10Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 17mLGA-MIA $97 Search 4/20Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 7h 19mLGA-MIA $142 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopJetBlue 7h 19mLGA-MIA $162 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaJetBlueAmerican Airlines Search by price$30 or less$50 or less$80 or less$100 or less$160 or less Last minute flights from New York to Miami Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to Miami that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 06mLGA-MIA 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 10mMIA-LGA $75 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 06mLGA-MIA 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 10mMIA-LGA $77 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 11mLGA-MIA 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 10mMIA-LGA $79 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 11mLGA-MIA 12/16Sat nonstopFrontier 3h 10mMIA-LGA $84 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 11mLGA-MIA 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 10mMIA-LGA $85 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 3h 06mLGA-MIA 12/6Wed nonstop 3h 03mMIA-LGA $99 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 35mLGA-MIA 12/18Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 7h 49mMIA-LGA $115 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 15mLGA-MIA 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 59mMIA-LGA $128 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 11h 35mLGA-MIA 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 59mMIA-LGA $136 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 15mLGA-MIA 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 59mMIA-LGA $141 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit Airlines Search by price$80 or less$80 or less$100 or less$130 or less$140 or less New York LaGuardia Airport - Miami Flights Departure: New York LaGuardia Airport (LGA)United States Destination: Miami (MIA)United States Return flight deals: Miami - New York LaGuardia Airport Cabin classes: $754 First Class flights to Miami $828 Business Class flights to Miami $467 Prem Econ Class flights to Miami $73 Economy Class flights to Miami Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York LaGuardia Airport $60Flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Miami Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Miami $60Flights to Miami, Miami Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Miami flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Miami from New York LaGuardia Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Miami from New York LaGuardia Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.