Cheap Flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport from $20 | (PHL - MCO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW PHL - MCO Find cheap flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport from $20 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Philadelphia to Orlando. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Philadelphia to Orlando. How much is the cheapest flight from Philadelphia to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Philadelphia to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:16 pm - 7:07 pmPHL-MCO 2h 51mnonstop 10:28 pm - 12:59 amMCO-PHL 2h 31mnonstop $33Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 13 8:29 pm - 11:22 pmPHL-MCO 2h 53mnonstop 2:01 pm - 4:33 pmMCO-PHL 2h 32mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Fri, Feb 2 2:11 pm - 5:03 pmPHL-MCO 2h 52mnonstop 9:03 pm - 11:46 pmMCO-PHL 2h 43mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Mon, Dec 18 4:13 pm - 7:02 pmPHL-MCO 2h 49mnonstop 9:31 am - 12:01 pmMCO-PHL 2h 30mnonstop $40Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sat, Jan 13 4:16 pm - 7:07 pmPHL-MCO 2h 51mnonstop 5:00 am - 7:33 amMCO-PHL 2h 33mnonstop $41Frontier Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sat, Dec 16 8:40 pm - 10:56 pmPHL-MCO 2h 16mnonstop 3:24 am - 5:55 amMCO-PHL 2h 31mnonstop $42 Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Thu, Feb 15 2:11 pm - 5:03 pmPHL-MCO 2h 52mnonstop 5:00 am - 7:33 amMCO-PHL 2h 33mnonstop $43 Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Fri, Dec 22 10:02 pm - 12:49 amPHL-MCO 2h 47mnonstop 9:16 am - 11:46 amMCO-PHL 2h 30mnonstop $45Frontier Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Thu, Feb 1 6:19 am - 9:10 amPHL-MCO 2h 51mnonstop 7:27 pm - 10:08 pmMCO-PHL 2h 41mnonstop $46Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 31 - Fri, Jan 5 2:01 pm - 4:53 pmPHL-MCO 2h 52mnonstop 9:03 pm - 11:46 pmMCO-PHL 2h 43mnonstop $52Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Sun, Jan 7 Show more results Flights from Philadelphia to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Philadelphia to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport is September, where tickets cost $116 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and November, where the average cost of tickets is $254 and $225 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport, you should book around 5 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Philadelphia to Orlando Airport were found on Frontier ($33) and Spirit Airlines ($39). Spirit Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $20. Which airlines fly most frequently between Philadelphia and Orlando Airport? American Airlines connects Philadelphia to Orlando Airport with up to 4 flights per day. Frontier also offers 2 flights per day, while Southwest follows with 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Philadelphia and Orlando Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport. They are: American Airlines, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $49 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Philadelphia and Orlando Airport per day? Each day, there are between 7 and 14 nonstop flights that take off from Philadelphia and land in Orlando Airport, with an average flight time of 2h 44m. The most common departure time is 6:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 82 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Philadelphia and Orlando Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Orlando Airport from Philadelphia is typically 2h 15m. The journey crosses a distance of 862 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Philadelphia at 5:30 am and will be landing in Orlando Airport at 8:26 am. What’s the latest departure time from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport jets off at 10:07 pm and lands at 12:54 am. Good to know Low season September High season April Cheapest flight $20 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 34% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 25% increase in price. Flight from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport When to book flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Philadelphia to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Philadelphia to Orlando Airport flights Are there direct flights from PHL to MCO? Various airlines offer nonstop flights from Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) to Orlando International Airport (MCO). Major service providers along this route include Frontier, Spirit Airlines and American airlines, with the flight lasting an average of 2h 40min. What is the best way to get to PHL from downtown Philadelphia? Downtown Philadelphia is located about 10 miles from Philadelphia International Airport (PHL). The easiest way to get to PHL is via AMTRAK trains, which stop at 30th Street Station. From here, hop onto a SEPTA City Train to connect you to the airport. Another option is to take Regional Rail Lines behind CHOP’s Philadelphia Campus. Their services are free. What is the best way to get to downtown Orlando from MCO? Orlando International Airport (MCO) sits about 21.4 miles from the city center of Orlando. A taxi provides the quickest means way to get to MCO from downtown Orlando with a travel time of about 18min. However, if you’re traveling on a budget, you can hop onto a direct bus departing from Oia Transfer Center to the Sunrail station. Are there any hotels near PHL? If you have an early morning flight, plan to secure a room at a hotel near PHL. A relaxing sleep in such a facility allows you to wake up refreshed for the airport via a courtesy shuttle by the hotel. Sheraton Suites Philadelphia Airport is a great facility in this region. Which airlines fly from Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) to Orlando? Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) is home to many airlines serving both domestic and international passengers. Some of the airlines that fly from the Philadelphia airport to Orlando include American Airlines (located at Terminal F), Frontier Airlines (Terminal E), JetBlue Airlines (Terminal E near baggage claim), and Spirit Airlines (Terminal E gates). Is there a nursing station at Philadelphia International Airport (PHL)? Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) offers a nursing room featuring a Mamava, a self-contained mobile nursing station. The suite features comfortable benches, a power outlet, a foldable table, and a lockable door for privacy. The lactation suite is available post-Security in Terminal A-West, Terminal F, and the B/C connector. There's an app you can use called the ‘Mamava app’ that notifies you when you're close to the suite. Is there an on-site airport hotel at Orlando International Airport? Orlando International Airport features an on-site hotel, Hyatt Regency, which is located in the East Atrium's main terminal. The hotel has two restaurants, a lobby area, and a convention space. If you want alternative accommodations, you can try one of the nearby airport hotels. Most of these are a few minutes away and are family-oriented. A couple of choices are Ramada by Wyndham Suites and Marriot Orlando Airport Lakeside. Is Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) wheelchair accessible? Most accessibility services at PHL Airport are provided by the airlines, including wheelchairs, skycaps, electric carts, and sight guides. If you require any assistance, you are to arrange it with your airline in advance. Do I need a passport to fly between Philadelphia and Orlando Airport? A passport is not required to fly from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport. Which airports will I be using when flying from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? When flying out of Philadelphia you will be using Philadelphia. You will be landing at Orlando Airport, also known as Orlando. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Philadelphia to Orlando Airport flight route: American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, British Airways, Breeze Airways, Air Canada, and Alaska Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Philadelphia to Orlando Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? oneworld is the only airline alliance operating flights between Philadelphia and Orlando Airport. On which days can I fly direct from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? There are nonstop flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Philadelphia to Orlando, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Philadelphia to Orlando are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $374 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $378 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando Airport from Philadelphia is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando Airport with an airline and back to Philadelphia with another airline. Booking your flights between Philadelphia and MCO can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando Airport from Philadelphia up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from PHL to Orlando Airport Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $43 or less one-way and $82 or less round-trip. Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) features numerous VIP clubs and lounges operated by different carriers including The American Express Centurion Lounge and American Airlines - Admirals Club and. Access is by membership, or possession of special card. Still, economy class passengers pay for the pass and access the lounges. There are 7 terminals at ﻿Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) named A-West, A-East, B, C, D, E, and F. These terminals are linked in a line, making it easier for passengers to walk from Terminal A-West right through to Terminal F. The airport is a major hub of American Airlines, as it uses 3 of the 7 terminals: A, B and C. PHL offers special assistance to passengers with mobility limitations such as the elderly, those with a physical disability, and those with social interaction and communication challenges such as dementia or autism. Most of these services are provided directly by the airline and travel agencies, and they include wheelchairs, electric carts, sighted guides and skycaps. Passengers scheduled to arrive late will find it convenient to book a comfortable room at a hotel near Orlando International Airport (MCO). You’ll avoid the agony of connecting to your next destination at night, and instead wake up relaxed the following day. Hyatt Regency Orlando International Airport and Fairfield Inn by Marriott Orlando Airport are excellent options near this place. Families traveling with the little ones should know that Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) has rooms designated for nursing and lactating moms. If you value privacy, and want some comfort when pumping or breast-feeding, located this suited on the secure-side walkway between Terminals B and A-East. Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) is the only airport serving the Philadelphia metro area. Located 7 miles from downtown Philadelphia, PHL is easily accessible and convenient to many cities in the surrounding area. A rail transit runs through the Philadelphia city center to the airport, and a quick trip on the train from Philadelphia to PHL Airport takes about 30min. The cost of this trip is about $6.75. Orlando International Airport (MCO) is the major airport serving Orlando. It's located 6 miles southeast of downtown Orlando. The airport has one main passenger runway that's divided into Terminal A and Terminal B. It has four airside concourses that are accessible by elevated people movers. If you need cash, you can stock up your wallet using the airport ATMs. The Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) has several ATM locations. ATMs are Bank of America installations and are located in various locations across Terminals A (East/West), B, C, D, E, and F. If you have some time before your flight, you can do numerous things at PHL Airport. You can shop or dine at any of the shops and restaurants in the airport. You can shop all things from cosmetic to casual to official outfits, and you'll also find a Duty Free Store by 3Sixty. The dining options are also plentiful; most restaurants serve a kids’ menu too. You will find a Starbucks and Chick-Fil-A near the Terminal B/C connector. When you arrive at Orlando International Airport, you can opt to rent a car to get to your destination. The airport has a car-rental facility located on the A-side and B-side of the Ground Transport Level 1 terminal. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Philadelphia to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from Philadelphia to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Philadelphia to Orlando Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Friday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Philadelphia Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Friday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +7 more Aer Lingus, Alaska Airlines, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Philadelphia to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Philadelphia to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Philadelphia to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19620 reviews 82comfort 83boarding 78food 79entertainment 86crew 82overall Airline reviews Pros: "Generous portion of free snacks. Coffee, while not great, was good." Cons: "The entertainment display in my seat did not work."Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Generous portion of free snacks. Coffee, while not great, was good." Cons: "The entertainment display in my seat did not work." Pros: "Snacks and new interior on A320" Cons: "Almost 4 hour delay and no Wi-Fi. When I complained to JetBlue I received a pathetic $15 credit." Cons: "It was cold in the flight and Tvs didn’t work due to satellite coverage" Pros: "Crew was amazing. It was the pilot’s last flight before retirement, so it was fun celebrating with him and the crew. Seats were comfortable." Pros: "The crew was ok." Cons: "We wait too much, at least someone should have told the reasons for the waiting." Cons: "Absolutely perfect from departure to arrival. Our first time flying jet blue and it was incredible" Pros: "Flight was on time, extra room seats were very comfortable." Cons: "The flight was bumpy but I think the pilot did all he could" Pros: "Crew handled a health situation very well. Never lost their composure." Cons: "Not having our luggage lost" Pros: "Boarding was great and on-time. Flight took a bit longer due to the weather." Cons: "Couldn't understand any of the in-flight announcements. My in-flight entertainment didn't work right." Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Pros: "chwcking in was very easy." Cons: "No in board beverages. On flight from RDU to PHL beverages were served." Cons: "We had to wait at the customs for nearly 1.5hrs, then pick up our luggage, then check in again!!! We were running and got on the plane 10 mins before the departure. Super stressful!!" Pros: "I think they flew so fast. We could land almost on time even though we departed a hour late. Airplane was new and clean." Cons: "Boarding was chaos. They overbooked 25? 45? Anyway, they are in panic. They tried to request ppl to take next day flight by giving away 300 gift card etc. the ppl who were told there are no seats upset and arguing at the gate. Flight was delayed for one hour. Once we are on airplane, they are still shuffling seats around, so ppl cannot move forward. Just standing there for 10mins waiting for things to settle. Flight attendants did not give us a headphone. (I have a headphone for iPhone X so I could not connect it to their entertaiment system.)" Pros: "Everything went as smoothly as possible. Not a hiccup. Great price, great flight, great experience!" Pros: "Delta provided great entertainment options and it felt like endless food and drinks. The seats were also a bit more spacious than usual" Pros: "The exit row seat on this leg out of PHL to SLC did recline! No need for Delta Comfort+ unless you want to get off of the plane ... faster." Cons: "For some reason, the pilot couldn't figure out how to adjust the cabin temperature for the first hour or so. This made the flight (and I was sitting in an exit row seat, right by the door which is usually cooler) uncomfortably hot and muggy. Food? No food. Thank goodness for Delta Lounge (even if it was the one in PHL). Just snacks make this a poor option for many. I don't know what is up, but the USB charger on the two monitors didn't work and neither did the outlet between the seats. And I have two different sets of cables "just in case" and they're the 3-in-1 so I can try to charge multiple devices (Apple, Android and Samsung) but nothing worked." Pros: "I enjoyed my flight! Great movies, good food and I was comfortable. Nothing like First Class." Cons: "My toddler daughter became ill before departure and the crew was awful. They failed to provide me with hardly anything besides 2 blankets and a few remoistened hand wipes to clean up vomit and was very rude when I asked to change seats, even though there were at least 8 other seats open on the flight." Pros: "Seats weren’t too bad, the plane was clean, and the crew was nice." Cons: "Our flight kept getting delayed due to paper work AFTER we boarded. There were also a lot of people on the plane and no social distancing." Cons: "They cancelled two of my flights in one weekend. We will not use American Airlines again." Pros: "The seating and leg room was comfortable." Cons: "Since my ticket was "basic" I was put in the last boarding group and given a middle seat; my mother was also in a middle seat. Once boarded I noticed everyone around me was separated from their families--to the point where a baby was transferred 3 times over my head between the parents!" Pros: "The flight was early to arrive. There was also a rather frightening bit of turbulence, and the pilot explained why it had occurred, which I found very reassuring." Cons: "The food was definitely below average. It's virtually all carbohydrates.Other airlines provide you with a printed description of the menu options, so it's easier to make a choice. "Chicken or pasta" doesn't give the passengers any idea of what they are actually choosing. This time the chicken dish was served with pearl couscous, so it was basically pasta as well. The salad I was given was brown and wilted, and while the cabin attendants were kind enough to give me two salad that were in better shape (after meal service), I just think that quality control should have prevented a inedible salad from being served in the first place. I am also extremely opposed to American Airlines Transatlantic luggage fees. Since I was moving abroad rather than taking a short trip, I was not pleased about paying 100 USD for a second bag on top of an already expensive flight." Pros: "I slept the entire way because our flight was delayed and This was a connection flight for me but had now slept all day!!" Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Cons: "American has lost my bags multiple times and always has delays. They’re domestic planes are dirty and run down. Not a preferred airline for me." Pros: "Overall a good flight" Cons: "The boarding at phl continues to be the stuff of nightmares. Get organized PHL!!" Pros: "It made for a interesting Christmas but not a very jolly one." Cons: "The flight staff skipped my aile a few times on accident. The touchscreen didnt worl very well, they offed free headphones but my headphone jack was broke and all of the usb charger ports didnt work in my row there werent many new choices for entertainment. And the food was interesting I'll give it that." Cons: "We arrived in Amsterdam at 9am, after traveling two hours to get there. We found out right away that there was a delay and chances of missing the connecting flight from Philadelphia to Orlando were great. We requested a different booking to insure travel to Orlando, which was denied. So the connecting flight was missed and after hours arrived in Orlando at midnight. Missed my ride and all car rentals were booked. All this caused a lot of anxiety and unnecessary stress. Very disappointing. And to add to it, the flight itself was horrible and there was no entertainment available for the entire flight." Pros: "It got me where I needed to go" Cons: "So crowded, seats uncomfortable, wifi not working completely, screaming children." Cons: "The flight was delayed more than 4 hours. It was a bad experience with United." Pros: "Having a direct flight across the country was a good thing. That was about the only positive, well that & we did land safely." Cons: "Ticket agent said I could take my bag on the plane. Gate agent told me my bag not I were going on the plane unless I paid $50 to put the bag below if I wanted to get in the plane. Very matter of fact & rude. I was just about the last person they let board so there really wasn't a chance to discuss with them. No WiFi on a cross country plane, lame. No access to the headrest video screen w/o paying for it, lame. Snotty unconcerned flight attendants as well. Overall one of the worst flights I've had in memory. I would pay more next time to fly another airline." Pros: "Everything! The flight left on time and landed early. Service was great and the staff was super." Pros: "Landing safely." Cons: "Everything else. I flew from PHL to IAH and was very unhappy with the experience. The gate agents were unfriendly. The bag check agents downstairs were unfriendly. I had two separate phone calls with United a week prior to the flight to understand and confirm the bag policy. This was AFTER booking my flight so they knew upfront I bought a basic economy ticket. After my first call, I understood a personal item would be free and I would be able to pay for my carry on bag, but only within 24 hours prior to the flight. I made a second call to be absolutely sure the previous agent gave me the correct information and pricing. So I paid the $25 for my carry on, checked in online, and waited at the gate while boarding at the very end because I was basic economy. They did not let me board with my bag. They requested another $50 to check my carry on with them or I would be rebooked. I struggled to afford the flight, let alone the carry on fee I had paid in advance. I literally did not have the money, and even if I had the cash, they only accept plastic. What blew me away was they weren't asking me to check my carry on because of the size. But because of my basic economy ticket, aka, the N fare. Despite checking with two employees by phone after buying my ticket and paying for a carry on in advance, there is a rule in place that states "if you have purchased Basic Economy, you will only be allowed one personal item, unless you are a Premier member or a primary card member using a qualifying MileagePlus credit card." Therefore, there is no alternative. You are a second class citizen; a no good deplorable, when you buy this ticket and there is nothing you can do to upgrade it. Only the "premier" passengers have the right to bring a carry on aboard even if you think you're paying for the privelage. What I was expected to somehow understand after asking two United employees prior if I could purchase the right to bring a carry on bag aboard, was to CHECK my CARRY ON downstairs or learn the hard way. Wow. What a ruthless way to learn this lesson. I waited 7 more hours to board the next available flight. What a nightmare. I thought I had did the appropriate research necessary and planned in advance to avoid these situations. Checking in online and contacting customer service prior is no longer the convenience it used to be. Even if you've done your research, bring additional funds with you. Even if you check in online and have a digital boarding pass, always check in with a real human prior to entering the TSA security line. A side note, United is trying to save money while "speeding up" the process by forcing you to use a computer to hand over your checked luggage. Speaking with a human now is a monumental struggle." Pros: "Clean aircraft, swift flight" Cons: "Seat was changed to last row/middle seat (not what initially booked or confirmed with online check-in). Before takeoff, attendant moved all passengers in back row to alternate seats. Which meant that I was no longer traveling with my colleague. Unfortunately, that made our intended meeting time impossible." Pros: "I slept through whole way. So it was fabulous. Clean and fast trip." Pros: "Although the flight was cancelled due to the hurricane i got my money back." Cons: "I was thoroughly disappointed when I realized that I had to pay to get any type of entertainment on the in-flight screen. That feels like zero effort on the part of the airline to make my flight enjoyable." Cons: "After United made me miss my connecting flight, I got an alternate flight to a different airport, but not apology, no offer to upgrade, nothing. Already frustrated, and with my knees hitting the seat in front of me because the seats are too close together, a flight attendant scolded me when I dared put my leg in the aisle (which I often do on other airlines without incident). Once on the ground, I went straight to United's baggage office to see if my bag had followed me, and encountered two of the rudest people, cutting me off whenever I said anything more than they needed to enter into their computer. If your job is in customer service, be friendly, apologize when things go wrong, understand that your customers are your reason for being in business, and be helpful." Cons: "Spent the whole flight listening to the front flight attendants complain loudly and publicly about one of the rear flight attendants. I understand someone was doing something wrong, but it was like watching a very dull and petty soap opera" Pros: "I arrived safely. The crew was very friendly and helped to. All my husband who was scared as this was his first time flying." Cons: "The agent who checked me in was extremely unprofessional. I felt like she was envious that I was going on a vacation and she had to work. She tried to make my experience a living hell. I personally think she should be fired. She does not enjoy what she is doing. She joyfully told me that it costs $40 to carry my luggage and after I informed her that I saw it online for less she informed me that I should have bought it online. She then stuck me all the way in the last row of the plane. I am 5'9". My husband is 6'2" and over 300 pounds. Those seats have the least leg room. It was pure torture. The flight crew in the back help my poor husband by using humor to help him." Cons: "The fact that you charged $60 for carry over on. Why would I fly with this airline again when at least on most other airlines I don't pay for carry on?" Pros: "I thought the crew was very nice, seats were comfortable although many may not agree. There is more legroom since the chairs are thinner and lighter." Cons: "Didn't realize there was a carry-on fee which is my own fault but will cost you minimum of 70 round trip. It is hard Tom figure it out in their site however. For that cost they should at least have wifi on the plane which they do not." Pros: "Frontier has been great so far. The walkway seems more narrow than other airlines but that must help with comfort / legroom in the seats. For the price, I will definitely be using Frontier for quick trips again!" Cons: "I didn't like a 3.5 hour delay but I don't fault Frontier for that. I can't think of any particular Frontier thing I disliked. The engine / plane sounded very loud, not really sure what that was all about." Pros: "The flight" Cons: "It's been a man hour and 45 minutes and my luggage (as well as many other passengers) has not come out the baggage claim. The loud speaker has asked for a frontier baggage rep to come but nobody is here. I am missing my carpool to my second destination in florida and have to cancel/forfeit my return ticket. This is very disappointing and not the service one should expect." Cons: "The seats couldn't recline plus they were very uncomfortable to be in." Pros: "Courteous staff and easy boarding on he brand new plane!" Cons: "You have to pay for any food or drink on the plane." Pros: "Boarding and getting off the plane was very smooth. Also the pilot did a great job with take off and landing was so smooth I was impressed." Cons: "I didn't like that they didn't offer any snacks or drinks other than water complimentary. I mean a soft drink shouldn't run someone four dollars after paying for a ticket. Other than that it was a nice flight." Cons: "Did not realize they charged $45 for each carry-on and how hard (no padding at all) the seats were. For the extra $190 I spent, I would have rather flown AA or any other airline that is not a discount airline. Lesson learned" JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Philadelphia to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mPHL-MCO $20 Search 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mPHL-MCO $22 Search 1/10Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 55mPHL-MCO $24 Search 12/31Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 52mPHL-MCO $25 Search 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 47mPHL-MCO $26 Search 4/2Tue nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 37mPHL-MCO $130 Search 4/2Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 42mPHL-MCO $138 Search 4/1Mon 1 stopDelta 7h 16mPHL-MCO $189 Search 3/10Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 07mPHL-MCO $194 Search 3/14Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 18mPHL-MCO $211 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$20 or less$30 or less$130 or less$190 or less$210 or less Last minute flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Philadelphia to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 47mPHL-MCO 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 28mMCO-PHL $38 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 49mPHL-MCO 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 33mMCO-PHL $45 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 9h 20mPHL-MCO 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 28mMCO-PHL $53 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 51mPHL-MCO 12/7Thu multi-stopFrontier 9h 44mMCO-PHL $65 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 21mPHL-MCO 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 8h 59mMCO-PHL $66 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 47mPHL-MCO 12/9Sat multi-stopFrontier 11h 50mMCO-PHL $75 Search 12/2Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 47mPHL-MCO 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 37mMCO-PHL $76 Search 12/4Mon nonstop 2h 55mPHL-MCO 12/8Fri nonstop 2h 28mMCO-PHL $98 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 55mPHL-MCO 12/16Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 39mMCO-PHL $102 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 55mPHL-MCO 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 39mMCO-PHL $104 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit Airlines Search by price$50 or less$70 or less$80 or less$100 or less$100 or less Philadelphia - Orlando Airport Flights Departure: Philadelphia (PHL)United States Destination: Orlando Airport (MCO)United States Return flight deals: Orlando Airport - Philadelphia Cabin classes: $526 First Class flights to Orlando $526 Business Class flights to Orlando $534 Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando $41 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » United States » Pennsylvania » Philadelphia $34Flights from Philadelphia to Orlando Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando » Orlando Airport $34Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando Compare transportation modes for Philadelphia to Orlando Airport Average price Average duration Flights $520 2h 16m Trains $242 0h 00m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando Airport from Philadelphia. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Orlando Airport from Philadelphia. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.