Cheap Flights from Seoul to Tokyo from $187 | (GMP - HND) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW GMP - HND Find cheap flights from Seoul to Tokyo from $187 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/5. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Tokyo These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seoul to Tokyo, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seoul to Tokyo, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Seoul to Haneda?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Seoul to Haneda that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:50 pm - 9:55 pmGMP-HND 2h 05mnonstop 8:45 am - 11:20 amHND-GMP 2h 35mnonstop $326ANA Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Tue, Dec 19 7:50 pm - 9:55 pmGMP-HND 2h 05mnonstop 3:55 pm - 6:35 pmHND-GMP 2h 40mnonstop $329ANA Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Wed, Dec 20 7:50 am - 9:50 amGMP-HND 2h 00mnonstop 8:20 am - 10:55 amHND-GMP 2h 35mnonstop $343Japan Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Wed, Dec 13 7:50 am - 9:50 amGMP-HND 2h 00mnonstop 3:45 pm - 6:20 pmHND-GMP 2h 35mnonstop $377Japan Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sat, Dec 16 2:20 pm - 9:30 pmGMP-HND 7h 10m1 stop 8:30 am - 1:00 pmHND-GMP 28h 30m1 stop $425Air China Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Tue, Dec 19 2:20 pm - 9:30 pmGMP-HND 7h 10m1 stop 8:30 am - 1:00 pmHND-GMP 28h 30m1 stop $434Air China Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Wed, Dec 13 7:35 pm - 9:45 pmGMP-HND 2h 10mnonstop 8:05 pm - 10:35 pmHND-GMP 2h 30mnonstop $437Asiana Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 20 7:35 pm - 9:45 pmGMP-HND 2h 10mnonstop 8:05 pm - 10:35 pmHND-GMP 2h 30mnonstop $449Asiana Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Mon, Dec 18 7:20 pm - 9:35 pmGMP-HND 2h 15mnonstop 12:25 pm - 3:00 pmHND-GMP 2h 35mnonstop $472Korean Air Find Deal Fri, Mar 1 - Mon, Mar 4 9:00 am - 11:05 amGMP-HND 2h 05mnonstop 7:50 pm - 10:25 pmHND-GMP 2h 35mnonstop $481Korean Air Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Sat, Dec 16 Show more results Flights from Seoul to Haneda - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Seoul to Haneda to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport is June, where tickets cost $362 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are February and March, where the average cost of tickets is $460 and $447 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 90 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Seoul to Tokyo? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on China Southern ($239) and ANA ($240). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on ANA ($326) and Japan Airlines ($343). Which airlines fly most frequently between Seoul and Tokyo? ANA connects Seoul to Tokyo with up to 3 flights per day and both Asiana Airlines and Korean Air also offer 3 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport and Tokyo Haneda Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport. They are: ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines and Korean Air. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with ANA at $313 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at ANA. How many flights are there between Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport and Tokyo Haneda Airport per day? Each day, there are between 11 and 12 nonstop flights that take off from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport and land in Tokyo Haneda Airport, with an average flight time of 2h 05m. The most common departure time is 7:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 81 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 15% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport and Tokyo Haneda Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Seoul to Tokyo take? A direct flight to Tokyo will take on average 2h 00m to travel the 733 miles flying distance from Seoul. What’s the earliest departure time from Seoul to Tokyo? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport at 7:45 am and will be landing in Tokyo Haneda Airport at 9:45 am. What’s the latest departure time from Seoul to Tokyo? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport jets off at 7:50 pm and lands at 9:55 pm. Good to know Low season September High season February Cheapest flight $187 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 1% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 10% increase in price. Flight from Seoul to Tokyo When to book flights from Seoul to Haneda Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Seoul to Haneda based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Seoul to Tokyo flights What are the layover options for the flights from Seoul to Tokyo? The layover options for the Seoul to Tokyo flights vary depending on your airline and arrival airport. If you're flying with Japan Airlines from Seoul to Tokyo Haneda, expect a common layover at Osaka Kansai International Airport (KIX). Japan Airlines also offers flights from ICN to Tokyo Narita with a common layover in Nagoya Chubu Centrair International Airport (NGO). Which airlines offer eco-friendly flights from Seoul to Tokyo? On average, each passenger on a flight to Tokyo from Seoul emits about 1060 kg of CO2. Japan Airlines, Asiana Airlines, and ANA operate some of the most eco-friendly flights from Seoul to Tokyo. These airlines offer nonstop and one-stop flights to Tokyo from Seoul and emit about 72%, 69%, and 69% less CO2 than most of the other airlines. Nonstop flights also emit less carbon than one-stop flights as most of the carbon emissions arise during taking off and landing. How can I get to Seoul Gimpo International Airport from Seoul? AREX Airport Train offers affordable transit from the Seoul Station to the airport. The train runs every 10 minutes and the trip to the airport takes about 22 minutes. You can also use the subway that connects the Express Bus Terminal Station to Gimpo Airport. Seoul Metro runs every 15 minutes and the trip takes around 38 minutes. Airport Limousine offers buses that link Namdaemun Market to GMP’s Domestic Terminal. Alternatively, you can take a taxi. Can I rent a car at Tokyo Narita International Airport? Yes. If you’re looking to self-drive around Tokyo, you will be happy to know that you can rent a car from Narita Airport. Several car rental agencies operate at the airport. Nippon, Toyota Rent-A-Car, Nissan Rent-A-Car, ORIX, and Times CAR offer car rental services on the First Floor of the Central Building of Terminal 1. In Terminal 2, you will get the car rental agencies in the Arrivals Area of the Main Building. Which Airlines operate nonstop flights from Seoul to Tokyo? ZIPAIR, Ethiopian Air, Asiana Airlines, and Korean Air provide flights with nonstop flights from Seoul’s Incheon Airport to Tokyo’s Narita Airport. Are there parking lots at Incheon Airport? Travelers arriving at Incheon Airport in their private vehicles will find parking spaces at either the long-term, reserved, or cargo Terminal Parking lots. The daily rate for the long-term and reserved parking lots is around ₩9,043 ($8), while that of the Cargo Terminal lot is approximately ₩10,169 ($9). Which transport options are there from Seoul to Incheon Airport? A fast and convenient means of transport to Incheon Airport from Seoul is the Seoul bus. There are, however, plenty of other alternative means, like the Korean Train Express and taxis provide travelers with comfortable transportation means to the bustling Incheon Airport. Are there hotels at Tokyo Airports? In case you wish to spend the night at Haneda Airport, the Royal Park Haneda Transit Hotel, located at the airport’s departure area, provides cozy accommodations. While at Narita Airport, you can stay at the Nine Hours Narita Airport hotel or the grand Narita Airport rest house. Are there facilities for passengers with limited mobility at Tokyo Airports? Haneda Airport has in-terminal transportation and hearing loops to cater to those with various forms of disabilities. For those with mobility challenges, Narita Airport offers electric walkers and electric carts, while those with visual disabilities can access assistance dog toilets and special assistance. Do I need a passport to fly between Seoul and Tokyo? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Seoul and on arrival in Tokyo. Which airports will I be using when flying from Seoul to Tokyo? Seoul and Tokyo are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Seoul from Seoul Gimpo Intl and will be arriving at Tokyo Haneda. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Seoul to Tokyo? Only Asiana Airlines offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Seoul to Tokyo flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Seoul to Tokyo? The Boeing 737-800 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Seoul to Tokyo flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Seoul to Tokyo? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Seoul and Tokyo, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Seoul to Tokyo? There are nonstop flights from Seoul to Tokyo on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Seoul to Tokyo, Japan Airlines or Korean Air? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Seoul to Tokyo are Japan Airlines and Korean Air. With an average price for the route of $447 and an overall rating of 8.7, Japan Airlines is the most popular choice. Korean Air is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $500 and an overall rating of 8.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Seoul to Tokyo? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Seoul to Tokyo. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Seoul to Tokyo? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Tokyo from Seoul is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Seoul to Tokyo? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Tokyo with an airline and back to Seoul with another airline. Booking your flights between Seoul and HND can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Seoul to Tokyo? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Tokyo from Seoul up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from GMP to Tokyo Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $250 or less one-way and $360 or less round-trip. Tokyo Narita International Airport (NRT) offers day rooms for passengers in transit. The day rooms offer beds and shower facilities including towels, hair dryers, soap, and shampoo. The rooms are available in the Central Building of Terminal 1 and on the Third Floor of Terminal 2. Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN) provides prayer rooms. In Terminal 1, prayer rooms are near Gate 24, 4F Center, and 4F Westside. You can also find a prayer room in B1F Eastside of Terminal 2. Do you have time for a workout at ICN? You’re welcome to use ICN’s digital gym before flying out. The gym is near Gates 268 and 231 in Terminal 2. Mizuho Bank runs a full-service branch at Tokyo Haneda International Airport (HND). The branch is on Level 1 of the International Terminal. Japan Post Bank and CitiBank have ATMs on Level 2 of the International Terminal. ICN offers baby care facilities with changing tables, nursing equipment, bottle sanitizers, and wash basins. These amenities are provided in ICN's Babycare Lounges throughout Terminals 1 and 2. The airport also offers Play Areas near Gates 25, 110, 45, and 41 in Terminal 1. Play Areas in Terminal 2 are near Gates 231, 242, 254, 257, 246, and 268. Incheon Airport (ICN), the primary airport serving Seoul, is a hub for over eighty airlines, including Asiana Airlines, which provides travelers with regular flights to various Tokyo Airports. Alternative airlines like Ethiopian Air and ZIPAIR also fly the Seoul city to Tokyo route. In case you find yourself at a layover at Incheon Airport, you can keep yourself entertained at the Airport’s Korea Traditional Culture Center, where you can learn how to make traditional Korean crafts and enjoy Korean music. You can also pass by Terminal 1 or 2 to view the concerts and cultural performances. Travelers leaving Incheon Airport land at either Tokyo’s Narita International Airport (NRT) or Haneda Airport (HND). Those landing at Haneda are closer to Tokyo than Narita. However, Narita Airport offers travelers a wide selection of lounges from where they can relax after their flight. Those landing at Narita Airport can take the Narita Express, which takes around 53min to get to Tokyo and charges around ₩30,516 ($27). The train can be boarded from either T1, T2, or T3. One can use the Tokyo monorail found at T3. The train takes around 13min and charges approximately ₩4520 ($4) from Haneda Airport. Incheon Airport has several lounges which provide an escape from the flurry of activity at the bustling airport. On Terminal 2, you will find the Matina Lounge, which one can access at around ₩ 44082 ($39). Right next to Gate 11 is the Asiana Lounge. All lounges offer massages, showers, charging stations, and flight information. In case you want to leave your luggage shorty while at Haneda Airport, there is a temporary luggage storage facility at Terminal 1 and Terminal 2. While on a layover at Narita Airport, you can store your luggage for a maximum period of 3 days at some coin-operated luggage lockers on Terminal 1. Waiting for fights at Incheon Airport can be pretty fun because the airport has plenty of activities you can delve into. The entire family can have a great time at the airport’s museum, the movie theater, the spa, the golf driving range, and the ice skating rink. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Seoul Gimpo Intl to Tokyo Haneda? Find which airlines fly direct from Gimpo Intl to Haneda, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Seoul Gimpo Intl to Tokyo Haneda Search Flights Monday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 Tuesday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 Wednesday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 Thursday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 Friday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 Saturday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 Sunday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Tokyo Haneda to Seoul Gimpo Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 Tuesday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 Wednesday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 Thursday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 Friday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 Saturday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 Sunday ANA, Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, +1 more ANA, Asiana Airlines, +2 more 1 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Seoul to Haneda See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Seoul to Tokyo. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Seoul to Haneda? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 89boarding 85entertainment 90crew 84food 88overall 86comfort Airline reviews Cons: "I received a scam ticket. I could not board and had to use another airline and flight website to find another ticket."Read more about Japan Airlines Cons: "I received a scam ticket. I could not board and had to use another airline and flight website to find another ticket." Pros: "The experience was really good. I’ll be using JAL again." Cons: "Keep doing a good job." Pros: "The EMIRATES flight was nice. Japan airlines has good leg room." Pros: "The boarding process ran very smoothly and they dropped us off right in front of the stairs of the plane so we didn’t get wet in the rain amazing" Pros: "Spacious leg room." Cons: "The food is average. Could be much better. Eg, serve eggs like omelette for Breakfast. Only one choice . The other choice could be Jap menu vi differing it’s s Japanese airline. Flew JAL 2 yrs ago too. Food was not good. Also , toilets could be cleaner. There’s always a pungent smell." Pros: "Food was great" Cons: "It’s 14h flight. I wanted more water. I had to keep asking but the size was too small... I didn’t want orange or apple juice...." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Everything. I will fly out from Narita from this point forward." Pros: "JAL made travelling with a toddler easy and the flight attendants were incredibly helpful and courteous." Pros: "Crew members on board were very attentive and offered the best service in the most polite manner. Food was great. Great options and portion for lunch. Well respected brand for ice cream was served as dessert. A wide variety of overnight snack was provided for passenger's own selection. Breakfast was great with variety of food on the tray. Personal screen was modern and provided a great variety to keep me entertain during the very long flight. Seats are unexpectedly big and very comfortable together with functional well designed pockets beside the screen, where I could put my personal items. New and clean cabin." Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "I liked everything with JAL. Seats are comfortable, good food, excellent service." Cons: "In light of COVID-19 this the only airline flying out of Bangkok April 3 2020 very good service" Pros: "Thank you for selected me became priority and the Sevice is good.Thanks again." Cons: "I don’t know yet." Pros: "The crew was A+, food was tasty and the amenities were great even for economy class." Cons: "Some of the flight attendants spoke really fast and hard to understand." Pros: "The crew was lovely as were the littlebthibgs like slippers." Cons: "The lack of ac control and heat of the cabin wzsnt fun.. the kosher meal was aweful...biggesst and worst thing was mo wifi" Pros: "This was the big league of airlines. Great staff, presentation, service, food, entertainment. Felt appreciated as a customer during the entire experience." Cons: "Extra checked bag fee was very costly, nearly $100.00 (CAD)." Pros: "Service was great and flight landed safe. Korean food was delicious." Pros: "The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. My wife broke her foot, so they took care of us very well." Cons: "The planes are old. The space is tight, especially if you have long legs." Pros: "Good crew, good service, clean quarters, cordial and pleasant service" Pros: "It was our first international flight and everything was fine." Cons: "Nothing but headaches and made me throw out my $100 e cigarette that I checked under the plane half way through my trip from new york to vietnam. And they made me run all over the airport to address the situation only to find out once I arrived that they threw it out without my knowledge or permission" Pros: "Great service!" Cons: "More comfortable seats and headphone jacks on the end of the arm rest (I kept knocking mine out when I moved in my seat)." Pros: "Excellent service from the cabin crew." Cons: "The Japanese (Washoku) breakfast was not as good as I expected." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and the service was reasonably good." Cons: "Seats were not very comfortable." Pros: "I was surprise that even it was a short 2/3 hour ride there was still food being served. A very nice Japanese breakfast. - smaller plane, bus that picked us up and dropped us off in front of the airport. As we were doing a 12 hour layover, all our check in luggage was taken care of and sent to van" Cons: "At our first checkin from Korea Ana, seems we have to look at a screen for our luggage just to double check that they made it past customs (never had to do that before) - check in was a bit longer compare to yvr their scanner was much smaller so definitely can’t have big carry on" Pros: "Crew was good. The food was good quality." Cons: "Boarding took along time and then the plane was delayed, not their fault but it made the trip less enjoyable. Manila is a poor hub." Pros: "Food and entertainment has to be better." Cons: "In Chicago, the flight was delayed for almost 4 hours which in turn made us miss our connecting flight to Jakarta. Then next flight available flight to Jakarta was 24 hours later." Pros: "Service was excellent, landed on time, courteous staff and good food. Good selection of movies and programs." Cons: "If the seat reclined a bit more, would be nice." Pros: "Courteous crew, delicious food and comfortable seats for economy. I was looking forward to the return flight!" Pros: "The boarding process, on-time departure and in-flight service were all great and it has the on time arrival." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "The friendliness of the staff and that the plane arrived on time with no delays. Leg room was ok. My luggage did not get lost. Entertainment selection was good. Overall it was good experience. The landing was smoothly done." Cons: "Food was ok. Seats were not comfortable. Started feeling sick to my stomach because of the lack of sleep." Aside from a LOT of turbulence the flight was perfect! The flight crew was superb and the food was delicious! Pros: "Crews were absolutely amazing. They had been so helpful and kind during the entire trip" Cons: "It was just perfect" Pros: "Crew amazing, seat comfortable" Cons: "More new movie and menu for food diversity like noodles sandwiches.,,," Pros: "The seat was average for the 4 hour flight. The long trip from LAX to Seoul was much more comfortable . Seats were wider and more comfortable . Food was better also !" Pros: "By far the best airline, service, crew, etc, I’ve ever flown with! I love Asiana Airlines!" Cons: "Seriously, nothing. It was great!" Pros: "I liked how clean everything was." Cons: "Before the flight I checked everywhere to see if there was an in flight meal so I could request a vegetarian one, there was no indication that food would be served. When there was food the only option had chicken, very disappointed in this." Pros: "Great service. Good food. Excellent entertainment options. Coach had widest seats I've ever sat in. Asiana is always my first choice for China-LAX." Cons: "There was loads of turbulence, but it was handled well. And frankly, an airline can't control air conditions. So I have no real bad things to say about this flight." Pros: "I like that they did not bother me when I fell asleep while they were serving the food." Cons: "I did not like that they ran out of the food that I would have preferred to eat." Pros: "The attendants were very nice and the food and drinks service was good (however, I believe I got sick from the food since I got food poisoning about 2-3 hours after landing from our 13 hour flight)." Cons: "The seats are pretty uncomfortable and the flight out did not have a footrest so my feet were dangling and got numb at times. Our return flight had a footrest and that felt much better." Pros: "The Food was great! Asiana Airlines Economy Seats have more leg room than most airlines. Service was Excellent." Cons: "We had just purchased coffee and the boarding agent told us that their policy was that we were not permitted to take hot coffee onto the aircraft. My guess is it had to do with safety. I've never been told this on any of the hundreds of flight i've been on traveling the world. It must be a South Korea thing." Pros: "Seat was great. Bedding good." Cons: "Meal service was rushed with all courses being delivered literally one after the other." Pros: "Seat was comfortable and it was a huge plane there was little delay on order such as water or any thing." Cons: "Service inside the plane by the crew members!!" Pros: "Seats were comfortable" Cons: "1. Rude/unkind flight attendants, clearly judgmental of English speaking passengers 2. Worst airplane food ever 3. Bathrooms were dirty and not maintained" Pros: "The interior was clean and the seats are quite comfortable in economy." Pros: "The China Southern People in Penang, including the MAB staff that assist, are outstanding. The flight attendants are also wonderful. I am also pleased with the timing of the added flights to and from Penang. The timing is wonderful for my flights to the US. They have become seamless." Pros: "Flight was on time" Cons: "With no personal screens they played an action movie with people dying left and right and it made me anxious. Seats aren’t very comfortable and the food is not very good." Pros: "The flight attendants are great, and doing their best in a broken system..." Cons: "The airline is always late, and you will consistently miss connecting flights. They will do nothing to accommodate you, or make your wait for the next flight any better. They've lost my luggage on 30% of my flights with them. Also, the entertainment system and selection is dated, and the food is hit or miss." Pros: "left on time and arrived a little early, lunch was served (food was not bad, but not super amazing)" Cons: "no personalized entertainment system" Pros: "Food and bording good" Cons: "For the intertainment need more move asian drama and bar service not enough, comnication is poor smile is jero with crew members" Pros: "China Southern Airlines flight was very clean, very friendly, and of very good ticket price." Cons: "The Kuangzhou airport should be upgraded. Many electric plugs were not working. And it's too hard to get wifi usage authorization, as the passport scanner did not work most of the time." Japan Airlines8.7 Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 Asiana Airlines8.2 China Southern7.1 Book cheap flights from Seoul to Tokyo Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Seoul to Tokyo found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/5Tue 3 stops 16h 40mGMP-HND $187 Search 12/12Tue 1 stop 9h 20mGMP-HND $189 Search 12/11Mon 1 stopChina Southern 24h 40mGMP-HND $239 Search 1/11Thu nonstopANA 2h 05mGMP-HND $240 Search 2/10Sat nonstopANA 2h 05mGMP-HND $241 Search 12/6Wed nonstopJapan Airlines 2h 05mGMP-HND $253 Search 12/18Mon nonstopJapan Airlines 2h 05mGMP-HND $261 Search 12/11Mon nonstopAsiana Airlines 2h 05mGMP-HND $321 Search 12/15Fri nonstopAsiana Airlines 2h 05mGMP-HND $333 Search 12/11Mon 2 stopsChina Southern 23h 50mGMP-HND $549 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineChina SouthernANAJapan AirlinesAsiana Airlines Search by price$190 or less$240 or less$250 or less$320 or less$550 or less Last minute flights from Seoul to Haneda Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Seoul to Tokyo that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon nonstopJapan Airlines 2h 05mGMP-HND 12/7Thu nonstopJapan Airlines 2h 35mHND-GMP $343 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJapan Airlines 2h 05mGMP-HND 12/7Thu nonstopJapan Airlines 2h 35mHND-GMP $344 Search 12/3Sun nonstopANA 2h 00mGMP-HND 12/6Wed nonstopANA 2h 35mHND-GMP $397 Search 12/3Sun nonstopANA 2h 00mGMP-HND 12/7Thu nonstopANA 2h 30mHND-GMP $407 Search 12/5Tue nonstopANA 2h 05mGMP-HND 12/9Sat nonstopANA 2h 30mHND-GMP $411 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAir China 7h 10mGMP-HND 12/7Thu multi-stopAir China 28h 30mHND-GMP $421 Search 12/1Fri nonstopJapan Airlines 2h 05mGMP-HND 12/3Sun nonstopJapan Airlines 2h 35mHND-GMP $430 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAsiana Airlines 2h 05mGMP-HND 12/2Sat nonstopAsiana Airlines 2h 30mHND-GMP $440 Search 12/1Fri nonstopKorean Air 2h 15mGMP-HND 12/4Mon nonstopKorean Air 2h 35mHND-GMP $473 Search 12/4Mon nonstopKorean Air 2h 15mGMP-HND 12/11Mon nonstopKorean Air 2h 35mHND-GMP $480 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineJapan AirlinesANAAir ChinaAsiana AirlinesKorean Air Search by price$340 or less$410 or less$420 or less$440 or less$480 or less Seoul - Tokyo Flights Departure: Seoul (GMP)South Korea Destination: Tokyo (HND)Japan Return flight deals: Tokyo - Seoul Cabin classes: First Class flights to Tokyo $463 Business Class flights to Tokyo $581 Prem Econ Class flights to Tokyo $290 Economy Class flights to Tokyo Browse origins: Flights » Seoul » Seoul $335Flights from Seoul Gimpo Intl Airport to Tokyo Haneda Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Tokyo » Tokyo Haneda $335Flights to Tokyo Haneda Airport, Tokyo Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Tokyo flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Tokyo from Seoul. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Tokyo from Seoul. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.