Cheap Flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas from C$ 128 | (YOW - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YOW - LAS Find cheap flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas from C$ 128 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 5/1. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Ottawa to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from Ottawa to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:00 a.m. - 9:20 a.m.YOW-LAS 5h 20mdirect 10:05 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.LAS-YOW 4h 25mdirect C$ 108Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 12 Jan - Fri, 19 Jan 7:00 a.m. - 9:20 a.m.YOW-LAS 5h 20mdirect 10:05 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.LAS-YOW 4h 25mdirect C$ 121Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 26 Jan - Fri, 2 Feb 9:25 a.m. - 3:04 p.m.YOW-LAS 8h 39m1 stop 10:05 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.LAS-YOW 4h 25mdirect C$ 204 Find Deal Tue, 2 Apr - Fri, 5 Apr 4:50 p.m. - 12:55 a.m.YOW-LAS 11h 05m1 stop 10:05 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.LAS-YOW 4h 25mdirect C$ 205 Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Fri, 26 Jan 5:30 a.m. - 10:50 a.m.YOW-LAS 8h 20m1 stop 11:59 p.m. - 4:04 p.m.LAS-YOW 13h 05m1 stop C$ 238Air Canada Find Deal Sun, 17 Dec - Sat, 23 Dec 5:10 p.m. - 11:58 p.m.YOW-LAS 9h 48m1 stop 11:59 p.m. - 5:04 p.m.LAS-YOW 14h 05m1 stop C$ 258Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Thu, 25 Jan 6:00 a.m. - 5:21 p.m.YOW-LAS 14h 21m2 stops 10:45 a.m. - 12:04 a.m.LAS-YOW 10h 19m1 stop C$ 299WestJet Find Deal Sat, 27 Jan - Fri, 2 Feb 6:00 a.m. - 11:53 a.m.YOW-LAS 32h 53m2 stops 10:45 a.m. - 12:04 a.m.LAS-YOW 10h 19m1 stop C$ 311WestJet Find Deal Fri, 26 Jan - Fri, 2 Feb 6:15 a.m. - 6:09 p.m.YOW-LAS 14h 54m1 stop 7:00 a.m. - 5:01 p.m.LAS-YOW 7h 01m1 stop C$ 317United Airlines Find Deal Sat, 16 Dec - Tue, 19 Dec 1:20 p.m. - 9:41 p.m.YOW-LAS 11h 21m1 stop 12:58 a.m. - 5:04 p.m.LAS-YOW 13h 06m2 stops C$ 361United Airlines Find Deal Fri, 19 Jan - Sat, 20 Jan Show more results Flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Ottawa to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas is November, where tickets cost C$ 491 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are April and March, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 696 and C$ 687 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Ottawa to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Ottawa to Las Vegas, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 76 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Las Vegas from Ottawa were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 128) and Air Canada (C$ 214), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 147) and Air Canada (C$ 323). Which airlines fly direct between Ottawa and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas. There is just one airline that flies from Ottawa to Las Vegas direct and that is Flair Airlines. The best one-way deal found from Flair Airlines for the route is C$ 152. How many flights are there between Ottawa and Las Vegas per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Ottawa and lands in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 5h 20m. The most common departure time is 7:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 2 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Ottawa and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Ottawa to Las Vegas take? Direct flights take on average 5h 20m to travel the 5,539 km between Ottawa and Las Vegas. What’s the earliest departure time from Ottawa to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Ottawa at 7:00 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 9:20 am. What’s the latest departure time from Ottawa to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Ottawa to Las Vegas jets off at 7:00 am and lands at 9:20 am. Good to know Low season January High season October Cheapest flight C$ 128 Best time to beat the crowds (8% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 6% lower on average. Flight from Ottawa to Las Vegas When to book flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Ottawa to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas How do I get to Ottawa Airport using public transportation? Bus 97 by OC Transpo services Ottawa Airport, linking it with the downtown area as frequently as every 10min during peak hours. A one-way trip costs C$ 3.55, and the trip from the downtown area to the airport takes about 30min. The bus operates 24h a day Monday to Saturday, and from 6:00 am to around 2:00 am on Sundays. Are there any airport lounges at Ottawa Airport? If you prefer waiting for your flight from Ottawa to Las Vegas in a quiet area, head to the Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge which has locations in both the domestic and international terminals. It is accessible with a lounge membership, and offers beverages, refreshments, workstations, a printer and copier, and entertainment such as a TV and newspapers. How do I get from Las Vegas McCarran Airport to the city centre using public transportation? The following bus lines service the airport and connect it with the Bonneville Transit Center in the downtown area in about half an hour, for a one-way cost of $6 (about C$ 8). If you arrive in Terminal 1, look for bus routes 108, 109 or the Westcliff Airport Express, and if you arrive in Terminal 3, you can hop on the Centennial Express or the Westcliff Airport Express from the departures level. How much is a taxi from Las Vegas McCarran Airport? All taxi fares from the airport are metred. If you are heading to the hotels in the South Strip or the Center Strip, expect to pay between $12 (C$ 16) and $16 (C$ 22), while if you are going to the downtown area the trip should cost around $24 (C$ 32). Taxis are easily available from outside the airport on the arrivals level, as there are over 10 taxi companies servicing the airport. Which airports will I be using when flying from Ottawa to Las Vegas? Ottawa airport is called Ottawa and the only airport in Las Vegas is Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Ottawa to Las Vegas? Only Air Canada offers inflight Wi-Fi service on the Ottawa to Las Vegas flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Ottawa to Las Vegas? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Ottawa to Las Vegas flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Ottawa to Las Vegas? You can catch a direct flight from Ottawa to Las Vegas on on Monday, and Friday. Which is the best airline for flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas, WestJet or Air Canada? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas are WestJet and Air Canada. With an average price for the route of C$ 559 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Air Canada is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 723 and an overall rating of 7.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Ottawa to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from Ottawa is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to Ottawa with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Ottawa to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from Ottawa up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Ottawa to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 113 or less one-way and C$ 204 or less round-trip. If you are travelling with pets, you will find 2 indoor animal relief areas at Las Vegas McCarran Airport (LAS), in Terminal 1 next to the gates and in Terminal 3 next to the E gates area. In addition, there are outdoor animal relief areas outside of Terminal 1 after the baggage carousel area, and outside of Terminal 3 on the departures level. Head to the ZEROlevel Fitness Gym located in Terminal 1 of Las Vegas McCarran Airport at the Esplanade if you wish to freshen up and have a shower, enjoy the sauna, or if you would like to stretch your legs and exercise following your flight from Ottawa to Las Vegas. It is open 24h a day on weekdays, and from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm on weekends. Start your holiday immediately upon arrival at Las Vegas McCarran Airport with one of the many slot machines available throughout the airport. You must be over 21 years of age to use them. Passengers travelling with kids can take their little ones to the children’s play room located near Gate 19 of Ottaway Airport (YOW) before their flight from Ottawa to Las Vegas. If you are hungry upon arrival at Las Vegas McCarran Airport, there are multiple food options spread throughout the airport, both in the gated and public areas. Passengers on late night flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas can head to Jersey Mike’s Subs or Nathan’s Famous, both located in Terminal 1 at the C Gates, as they are open 24h a day. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Ottawa to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Ottawa to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Ottawa to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search flights Monday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Friday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to Ottawa Search flights Monday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines Friday Flair Airlines Flair Airlines See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Ottawa to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Ottawa to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Ottawa to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 80overall 77comfort 71food 84crew 81boarding 70entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "Crew and staff at gate fantastic. Accommodated me sitting with partner on both legs (booked flights separately)." Cons: "Flight was delayed. Always tough late at night."Read more about WestJet Pros: "Crew and staff at gate fantastic. Accommodated me sitting with partner on both legs (booked flights separately)." Cons: "Flight was delayed. Always tough late at night." Pros: "flight was fine and on time, this leg of my trip was easy" Pros: "All westjet workers are amazing. Starting from the people at the front desk, the crews on the plan and the people that give direction." Pros: "Good crew and on time departure" Cons: "Overnight flight. How nice it would have been to have blanket and pillows as provided by some airlines ." Cons: "No explanation was given why flight left almost 2 hours late" Cons: "Delays left us in the plane for almost 1 1/2 hours before leaving Toronto." Pros: "So poorly organized at boarding ! Staff on the ground that where lazy ! On board staff where lazy ! Waiting for luggage took over 40 mins. Horrible ! Good thing I've had other flights that where much better." Pros: "Easy check in and nice crew!!!! No complaints at all!!! I would fly them again!!! I would definitely recommend them to others!" Cons: "The crew on the plain was extremely rude!!! Very very dissapointed!" Pros: "Extra leg room, staff very friendly and helpful." Cons: "No tv screens on back of seats, liquids should be offered more" Porter, like most airlines, need to improve their baggage policies. In reality, there are no longer 'cheap flights' because passengers pay exorbitant baggage fees. Pros: "Amy was outstanding, she provided excellent service." Cons: "I wasn’t notified that the basic fare didn’t include carry-on baggage. It was disappointing having to pay for checked baggage without notification." Pros: "Really like the wine and chips included." Cons: "No entertainment options, but not a big deal considering how short all their routes are." Pros: "The cookies" Cons: "They bumped our flight for no reason and we sat for 3 extra hours in Toronto as several flights to our destination passed" Pros: "Beverages and variety of snacks on such a short flight - impressive" Pros: "On time, loved the Porter Lounge at Billy Bishop. Crew was friendly and helpful." Cons: "Didn’t realize that my fare didn’t include carryon, so had to pay extra to bring my briefcase." Pros: "Nothing whatsoever!" Cons: "Received e-mail about flight being cancelled on way to airport and could not get us on another flight for 4 hours. The cancellation was incredibly last minute and caused us to be stuck waiting in the airport almost 6 hours as the flight we got rebooked on was also delayed about an hour. The incredibly rude, unsympathetic and condescending associates that we experienced did not offer any solutions or show any compassion for the situation we, and others, were being put through. I will never fly Porter again and have told everyone I meet (and in my profession, that is a lot of people) never to fly Porter airlines. I was disgusted by the whole experienced. Shame on you!" Pros: "First time in 10 flights in 3 months flying with Porter in time - what a miracle!" Cons: "Original flight cancelled. Missed connection in Toronto. Rebooked flight was delayed departing Ottawa. Layover of 2 hours in Toronto. Flight to Windsor delayed as arrival from Montreal was late. 7:30 pm departure now delayed to 8:15 pm departure. I could have drived Ottawa to Windsor in same amount of time. Total waste of money! Still waiting at lounge in Billy Bishop Airport as I write this. And the weather was perfect today! What’s going on?" Pros: "I love the in-flight food and drink service and the airport terminal comfort and amenities." Cons: "Porter is incessantly late every single time. I'm" I enjoyed everything generally. However, getting from the Tarmac to the arrival building required we got on a Bus and meaning they had to wait on everyone to get in from the plane eating a significant amount of time and we still had to get o. The air shuttle to get to the arrival building and saw passengers with connections having to run all the way. My experience flying from Ottawa to Montreal was not good! Seating is very tight. We were delayed 90 minutes to board, because the flight crew were late Pros: "Amazing crew and Ground staff. Check in and bag check in was really smooth and fast." Cons: "Maybe some more options of snacks. In flight entertainment was not working so can’t say much about it." Pros: "The seat was fine for economy" Cons: "You should offer free wifi! Air Canada should lead the way and be above the rest!" Pros: "Air Canada is always a great travel experience." Cons: "The food is terrible. It's the worst I've had from any airline." Pros: "The crew was friendly and tried to provide a good service." Cons: "Wider seats and more leg room. The return trip from Ottawa to Vancouver was over $1200. I think that’s quite pricey given that any food or alcoholic beverage had to be purchased at an extra cost." Cons: "There was no coffee or tea available on the flight" Pros: "It appears that Air Canada is doing the correct thing for passengers who have reserved their seats in advance....after many years of not applying their written policy of making them board after business class/disabled passengers/passengers with young children, they have created Zone 2 boarding which permits passengers with reserved seating to board immediately after them, therefore guaranteeing them overhead bin space. As we all know, a lot of passengers board with much more than one carry-on, which is a plague when boarding." Pros: "Exit seating with more leg room." Cons: "No power plugs in a 4h+ flight is not acceptable. That should be standard for every passengers. Unclean seats. General abrasiveness from some of the staff." Pros: "Got there safely." Cons: "The seats are miserable small and uncomfortable. More options for snacks for the cost of the ticket!!!" Pros: "I mean what to you expect from an America carrier in economy" Cons: "Everything" Cons: "Entertainment system did not work. Wifi did not work so could not use personal devices. Light did not work so couldn't read a book. Looking at the back of the seat in front of me for 5 hours was pretty tedious." Pros: "Flight was smooth, attendants were great." Cons: "I was so uncomfortable in my tiny seat. They are small and awful." Pros: "The staff was very friendly and professional. The flight also arrived early." Cons: "If you're going to offer personal device entertainment, you need to offer power outlets. How is that not common sense?" Pros: "I liked that it was on time." Cons: "The flight attendants are rude and cranky. The plane was hot and over booked." Pros: "First of all the captain let us board early and get settled, the flight attendants were very friendly and the take off and landing were smooth, it was a great flight the seats were comfortable and the trip was short." Pros: "The view and legroom was nice." Cons: "I collect disability each month so I am on a very tight budget. The Spanish speaking woman that pushed my wheelchair told me that I can bring my water bottles full of water through the metal detectors. I asked if she could take me somewhere to pour them out and refill them on the other side. They threw them away at the metal detector. So I had to buy a new bottle for my medicine that I have to take. You would think she would have got it by me carrying these bottles around but nope. She actually said to me that I can give her gratuity now if I wanted. I gave her $1. She then replied in a sarcastic voice " Thankyou you are soooo generous. I don't like feeling obligated to tip somebody because I am disabled and have a bullet in my head." Pros: "Flights were on time. Always a plus! Attendants were awesome" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Terrible flight. Small seats, no free tv or movies, no food, a/c not working well. Felt like cattle. Horrible experience. Never fly on United again. Frequent traveler. All I received from United was a headache and embarrassment that it's an American Airline." Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 United Airlines7.0 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Ottawa to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 5/1Fri directFlair Airlines 5h 20mYOW-LAS C$ 94 Search 5/1Fri directFlair Airlines 5h 20mYOW-LAS C$ 95 Search 15/12Fri directFlair Airlines 5h 20mYOW-LAS C$ 98 Search 5/1Fri 1 stopAir Canada 10h 00mYOW-LAS C$ 158 Search 31/12Sun 1 stopAir Canada 10h 00mYOW-LAS C$ 163 Search 6/1Sat 2 stops 18h 00mYOW-LAS C$ 168 Search 6/1Sat 1 stop 21h 59mYOW-LAS C$ 170 Search 6/1Sat 2 stopsWestJet 30h 52mYOW-LAS C$ 209 Search 10/5Fri 2 stopsWestJet 15h 13mYOW-LAS C$ 216 Search 10/5Fri 1 stopPorter Airlines 7h 49mYOW-LAS C$ 218 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesAir CanadaWestJetPorter Airlines Search by priceC$ 100 or lessC$ 160 or lessC$ 170 or lessC$ 210 or lessC$ 220 or less Last minute flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 5h 20mYOW-LAS 8/12Fri directFlair Airlines 4h 25mLAS-YOW C$ 120 Search 1/12Fri directFlair Airlines 5h 20mYOW-LAS 8/12Fri directFlair Airlines 4h 25mLAS-YOW C$ 123 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 10h 21mYOW-LAS 7/12Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 59mLAS-YOW C$ 429 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopWestJet 16h 50mYOW-LAS 9/12Sat multi-stopWestJet 27h 05mLAS-YOW C$ 494 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 7h 53mYOW-LAS 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 6h 35mLAS-YOW C$ 495 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 17h 14mYOW-LAS 7/12Thu multi-stopWestJet 24h 55mLAS-YOW C$ 526 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 47mYOW-LAS 4/12Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 48mLAS-YOW C$ 537 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 11h 44mYOW-LAS 11/12Mon multi-stopAir Canada 14h 07mLAS-YOW C$ 555 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopDelta 17h 21mYOW-LAS 6/12Wed multi-stopDelta 7h 40mLAS-YOW C$ 1,029 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopDelta 17h 21mYOW-LAS 6/12Wed multi-stopDelta 15h 20mLAS-YOW C$ 1,612 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesUnited AirlinesWestJetAir CanadaDelta Search by priceC$ 120 or lessC$ 490 or lessC$ 530 or lessC$ 560 or lessC$ 1,610 or less Ottawa - Las Vegas Flights Departure: Ottawa (YOW)Canada Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - Ottawa Cabin classes: First Class flights to Las Vegas Business Class flights to Las Vegas Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas C$ 157 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Ottawa C$ 137Flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas C$ 137Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Edmonton Flights to Halifax Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Victoria Flights to Kelowna Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from Ottawa. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Las Vegas from Ottawa. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.