Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Athens from $257 | (LAX - ATH) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - ATH Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Athens from $257 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 4/16. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Athens These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Athens. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Athens. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Athens?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to Athens that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 2:35 pm - 12:40 pmLAX-ATH 36h 05m1 stop 1:30 pm - 1:30 pmATH-LAX 33h 00m1 stop $458Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 28 - Wed, Mar 13 2:35 pm - 12:40 pmLAX-ATH 36h 05m1 stop 1:30 pm - 12:30 pmATH-LAX 33h 00m1 stop $463Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Mon, Feb 26 - Wed, Mar 6 11:35 pm - 1:25 amLAX-ATH 15h 50m1 stop 7:25 am - 4:10 pmATH-LAX 18h 45m1 stop $534British Airways Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Thu, Feb 1 5:30 pm - 12:50 amLAX-ATH 21h 20m1 stop 12:55 pm - 11:03 pmATH-LAX 20h 08m2 stops $536Lufthansa Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Thu, Feb 1 3:05 pm - 12:50 amLAX-ATH 23h 45m1 stop 7:15 am - 3:15 pmATH-LAX 18h 00m1 stop $538Lufthansa Find Deal Fri, Feb 9 - Sun, Feb 25 5:30 pm - 12:50 amLAX-ATH 21h 20m1 stop 7:05 am - 4:25 pmATH-LAX 19h 20m1 stop $542United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Sun, Jan 28 8:40 am - 12:50 amLAX-ATH 30h 10m2 stops 7:05 am - 4:25 pmATH-LAX 19h 20m1 stop $546United Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Fri, Jan 19 6:10 pm - 9:25 pmLAX-ATH 17h 15m1 stop 7:55 pm - 2:25 pmATH-LAX 27h 30m1 stop $570British Airways Find Deal Tue, Mar 5 - Mon, Mar 11 12:45 pm - 2:30 pmLAX-ATH 15h 45m1 stop 3:20 am - 11:55 amATH-LAX 17h 35m1 stop $612Turkish Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Mon, Mar 11 6:40 pm - 2:30 amLAX-ATH 21h 50m1 stop 9:45 pm - 4:55 pmATH-LAX 29h 10m1 stop $626Turkish Airlines Find Deal Sun, Feb 11 - Wed, May 22 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to Athens - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to Athens to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to Athens? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to Athens clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Athens on a Sunday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Friday is the most expensive day to fly from Los Angeles to Athens. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Friday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to Athens? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to Athens is January, where tickets cost $615 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,606 and $1,574 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to Athens? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Athens, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to Athens, you should book around 2 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 61 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to Athens? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Los Angeles to Athens found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $458 on Scandinavian Airlines, followed by ITA Airways ($530). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $275 on ITA Airways and from $301 on SWISS. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to Athens take? There are no direct flights for this route listed on KAYAK. The shortest multi-flight duration is 15h 05m. Good to know Low season January High season September Cheapest flight $257 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 34% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 4% lower on average. Flight from Los Angeles to Athens When to book flights from Los Angeles to Athens Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to Athens based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to Athens Can I leave some of my luggage at Athens International Airport? Yes, you can. To do so, head to the secure and affordable Care4Bag luggage storage facility in the Arrivals Hall next to Gate 1. Given that it’s open around the clock, you can take your items from this facility at any time. Does Los Angeles International Airport have an onsite hotel? Unfortunately, Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) doesn’t have an onsite hotel. If you’re looking for accommodation nearby, consider staying at the Hyatt Regency Los Angeles Airport, accessible by foot from the airport. Are there attractions worth checking out at Athens International Airport? Yes, there are plenty of such attractions. Before exiting the airport, you can experience a fresh view of life in Greek antiquity by visiting the classic exhibition from the Acropolis Museum in the Main Terminal, check out archaeological findings discovered in Mesogaia at the exhibition near Entrance 3 in the Departures Level of the Main Terminal, and discover Greek aviation history exhibition by checking out the multimedia and interactive exhibition, also in the Departures Level of the Main Terminal. Can I rent a car at Athens International Airport? You can rent a car at ATH provided you’re over 21 years old, have a driver’s license that you’ve held for at least 12 months, a credit in your name and with your current address, and your passport. To do so, head to the area between Gates 3 and 4 on the Arrivals Level. You’ll find counters for several car rental agencies, including Avis, SIXT, Budget, Enterprise, and Hertz. What are the public transportation options from Athens International Airport? If you want to travel from ATH using public transportation, you can board a bus or a train, depending on your destination. You should board one of the four city bus lines that connect the airport to Athens and Piraeus if you want to get to the city center, a Metro Line 3 train if your destination is along the stops between the airport station and Dimotiko Theatro, and an Athens Suburban Railways train if you’re traveling to a long-distance destination. Does Athens International Airport have a pet-relief area? In case you fly to Athens with your pet, ATH has one pet relief area where you can let your pet relieve itself, quench its thirst, stretch, and play a bit. It’s found outside the Arrivals Hall, a short distance from Entrance 1. Are nonstop flights from Los Angeles Airport to Eleftherios Venizelos Airport available? Most airlines operating flights to Eleftherios Venizelos Airport from Los Angeles Airport have flights making one layover at either Frankfurt Airport, Schiphol Airport, and Munich Airport. Some, however, make two layovers before completing the journey at Eleftherios Venizelos Airport. Which public transportation means are available from downtown Los Angeles to Los Angeles Airport? You can take a bus, the Lot C shuttle available at either the LAX City bus transit center and bus G route, which stops at LAX metro station from downtown Los Angeles to the Airport. The buses take approximately 1h 30min to complete the trip and cost approximately $3.50. Are there VIP services available at Eleftherios Venizelos Airport? In case you would like to avoid the crowds and stress of the busy Eleftherios Venizelos Airport, you can book the VIP service available for around €150 ($180), which ensures you get a support team to fast track your passage through security and immigration and to escort you through the airport. Can I find budget-friendly accommodation at Eleftherios Venizelos Airport? Upon arrival at Eleftherios Venizelos Airport, you can either stay at the Sofitel Athens Airport Hotel located 164 feet away from the airport’s terminal or at nearby hotels that operate free shuttles from the airport such as the Holiday Inn Athens Hotel or the Galini Palace Hotel. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and Athens? Yes Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to Athens? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to Athens? SkyTeam, Star Alliance, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and Athens, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. What is the most popular layover when flying to Athens from Los Angeles? London is the most popular layover city among KAYAK users traveling from Los Angeles to Athens. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to Athens, SWISS or Turkish Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to Athens are SWISS and Turkish Airlines. With an average price for the route of $730 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Turkish Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,054 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Athens? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Athens. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Athens? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Athens from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Athens? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Athens with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and ATH can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Athens? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Athens from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to Athens In case you’re flying to Athens International Airport (ATH) with an infant, you can comfortably breastfeed your baby before your flight at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), given that it boasts several private nursing rooms you can visit. The nursing rooms are near Gate 13 in Terminal 1, Gate 23 in Terminal 2, retail stores in Terminal 4, across from the Food Court in Terminal 5, near Gate 64B in Terminal 6, near Ashland Hill in the Terminal 6/7 Connector, and near Gate 150 in Terminal B. While waiting for your flight at LAX, you can treat yourself to a massage or a manicure at Be Relax Spa on the Airside of Terminal 1. Alternatively, you can receive similar services at one of the two XpresSpa locations. One branch is in the Tom Bradley International Terminal South Concourse, while the other is on the Airside of Terminal 5. Among the airlines serving flights from LAX to ATH, KLM, British Airways, and Etihad Airways are the most sustainable and green. Hence, if you’d like to travel with an eco-friendly airline, check out the flights offered by these airlines. Los Angeles Airport (LAX) is home to several airlines operating regular flights to Athens. You can fly out of LAX with Lufthansa, Delta Air Lines, KLM, United Airlines, Air France, American Airlines, and British Airways. Los Angeles Airport has multiple lounges which provide a tranquil escape from the bustling airport. There are several cozy lounges in terminal B, like Centurion Lounge, which has amenities like a spa, workstations, and a family room. To gain access to the lounge, you must pay an annual fee of around $550. In case you want to arrive in the city of Athens from Eleftherios Venizelos Airport (ATH) faster, you can take a taxi which you can find at the taxi waiting area at the arrivals area. Starting from around 5:00 am to around midnight, taxis charge approximately €35 ($42) and around €50 ($60) from around midnight to around 5:00 am. Take a stroll around Los Angeles Airport and view the various interesting art installations and murals around the airport. Between T7 and T8, you will find the vast mural known as the Songs of Freedom which is a mixture of bird drawings with poetry. The “Intentions” mural in T7 wows departing travelers. Eleftherios Venizelos Airport has several amenities modified to suit disabled travelers. The check-in desks, water fountains, and internet points are within placed within reach to give those in wheelchairs an easy time. The airport also has ramps, lifts, and accessible toilets for those with mobility challenges. In case you are flying out of Los Angeles for a couple of weeks or days, you can leave your vehicle at Los Angeles Airport’s secure long-term parking lot, which charges between $7 and $17 per day. Valet parking is also available for around $12.75, while the economy lot charges around $9 per day. There are various ways parents can keep their kids entertained while waiting for a flight at Los Angeles Airport. One great option is visiting the Flight Path museum located at the main terminal. The museum, which travelers have free access to, has several artifacts and exhibits showcasing aviation history. See more tips Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to Athens See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to Athens. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Athens? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82boarding 78comfort 79food 77entertainment 82overall 86crew Airline reviews Pros: "Entertainment" Cons: "I requested a vegan vegetarian meal and did not get it. I had to do with the regular meal which had a lot of dairy products to which I am allergic to. The space between rows of seats. It was really crammed in Economy and we are a petite thin family!"Read more about SWISS Pros: "Entertainment" Cons: "I requested a vegan vegetarian meal and did not get it. I had to do with the regular meal which had a lot of dairy products to which I am allergic to. The space between rows of seats. It was really crammed in Economy and we are a petite thin family!" Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "The seats had such little cushion that it made the flight extremely uncomfortable." Cons: "We were packed like sardines! My flight made me want to retire from traveling!" Pros: "The crew was really great and helpful" Cons: "Only thing that could have been better was ginger ale." Cons: "The plane was SO hot and stuffy. It was an overnight flight, so they passed out blankets—but it was so hot no one used them. The air was stale, to the point of feeling claustrophobic." Pros: "Good entertainment options" Cons: "two of the three phone charge ports were not working I think the passenger seating areas may not have been deep cleaned" Pros: "The food was decent and on board entertainment was pretty good." Cons: "The boarding experience was terrible. We bought new lightweight International sized carry-on bags for our family of four and packed extremely light to keep each of bags under the 8 kg weight limit for carry-on bags. The crew required us to check them anyway! So incredibly annoying." Pros: "I do not know how to go about contesting his, but we bought 4 tickets to South Africa on Swiss air and Edelweiss via Zurich. We received a confirmation email for two of the tickets but not for the other two so we assumed the other ones did not go through as we used two different credit cards." Cons: "We purchased the last two again and when we showed up at the ticket counted they let us know that we bought 6 tickets!!!!!!!! We would like to be reimbursed for the two tickets we did not receive the confirmation emails for. How can we go about it?" Pros: "The food was delicious, the staff was wonderful. Entertainment was awesome." Cons: "The leg room or seat closeness." Pros: "Smooth ride, most of the crew was very welcoming" Cons: "Some crew not so friendly. I was surprised we received dinner immediately but nothing again until breakfast box upon landing. It would’ve been nice to have a snack in between" Pros: "The seats were very comfortable even though legroom was limited in the basic cabin." Cons: "Delta delayed the flight from LAX to SLC, which subsequently made me miss the connecting flight from SLC to ORD. Completely unacceptable" Pros: "Overall, flight was great." Cons: "The couple next to me were a little on the plus size. A little tight for my flight. But I was ok" Pros: "I did not like nothing" Cons: "Custom took for ever they only had 2 agents working and I Missed my fight to nyc" Cons: "Sat on the runway for over an hour to get the gate. Unacceptable." Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Pros: "The attendant was most helpful. Because the flight was not full, she allowed us to sit in the exit row, window and aisle, with no one between. I'm a tall person, so the extra leg room was deeply appreciated. I give her and the airline high marks." Pros: "The crew members were very friendly" Cons: "Coach seats still a little too small. Always bump the person next to me" Cons: "Due to the earthquakes, the film festival I was going to was cancelled. Ten days prior to the flight I called AeroMexico to cancel and they said there would be a cancellation penalty, which was fine. When I tried to redeem my credit, they said there was also an additional "No-show fee" even though I called to cancel 10 days prior, which left a total of $70 credit after all their penalties. I called and emailed to complain but they did nothing but pass me to someone else who was equally unhelpful. I will never fly AeroMexico for any reason in the future." Pros: "We were not happy with our flight my flight got cancelled 3 times I miss work they need to reimburse us and also reimburses the hotel cuz we had to stay at a hotel because they cancelled our flight three times and then our flight that we went out on Monday was late because of a flight attendant arriving late to the hotel to the airport" Cons: "During flight after first meal the cabin temperature is way to cold. Then it gets warmer but later, second half of the flight the air gets very cold again so it’s difficult to have a good sleep." Cons: "Uncomfortable seats. Very uncomfortable ride. Everything else was good but it’s becoming hard to fly this way." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Our first flight got delayed from lax and we missed our connection flight and they wouldn’t let us go on the next flight and instead we had to wait about 7 hours for the next flight!!! Also we got really bad seats on the other flight" Pros: "Food" Cons: "Plane is old, seats are economy in business class. Dont fly business no need tonpay extra" Cons: "Flight was delayed by over an hour causing us to miss our connecting flight. Had to wait in the airport all night and no one from Turkish airlines did anything to help us or accommodate us during our unexpected overnight layover." Pros: "The food was decent" Cons: "Too crowded and hectic. Not enough leg room. (and I’m not even a tall person to begin with)" Pros: "Excellent service" Cons: "Food quality was not as good as on a Turkish Airlines business class flight we took a few years ago" Pros: "I love the food and service, thank you Turkish airlines, you are the best in the world" Cons: "Flight to Istanbul was fine. The flight back was a terrible experience! During our connecting flight in Athens our boarding passes wouldn't print at the self service computers and there was no one to help us so we had to go back out to the front desk. The airline representative was extremely rude. There was 5 employees standing around the computer with NO customers and when we asked if this was Turkish Airlines and if they could help, the woman (manager) responded "this WAS Turkish Airlines" as if they were done helping customers for the day (it was 9AM and our flight was leaving in 45 min). We explained that we couldn't print our passes and she ROLLED her eyes as if it was an inconvenience to help us. THEN on our flight from Istanbul to Chicago, a passenger died an hour into the flight and they placed the body on the seats behind us for over 10 hours! Nobody even told us what happened! We didn't know if they died from natural causes or if it was something else! They didn't offer to seat us somewhere else or even inform us they were placing the body there. We were completely shocked and uncomfortable the whole flight home. We couldn't eat or sleep. We're completely disgusted and scarred from this overall experience." Pros: "Finally got a vegan sandwich that saved my life after the 13 hour flight before this one!" The flight itself it was great nice food the crew were very nice and helpful, Checking in from Birmingham wasn't great long queues for bag dropped, And I had my hand luggage case taken away from me even though I requested to have it with me as I had breakables items. I was told I can not because of the length of the flight with no explanation at all no options was given for me to take my fragile items out of my case it was taken away with hold buggage I find the staff member who was checking me in very unpleasant !! Can we please be advise if the rules have changed about the the carry on hand luggage it will be easier to be advise on booking your tickect if we not allowed to take the hand luggage with me. Overall I had a good flight . Pros: "Crew was great, on time flight, clean plane." Cons: "Entertainments options were shockingly few. Honestly have not been on a plane recently with so few and limited options of TV series and movies. I was extremely surprised. Wish I had know and I would’ve had more options for my family." Pros: "The best airline ever! Super friendly crew and staff, great customer service and nice planes. Love KLM!" Pros: "Crew good and seat OK but not exceptional for business class" Cons: "Food was average - main course could have been better. Range of movies ok but not great" Cons: "I paid for the preferred seat .and i found that people beside me didnt pay anything when i asked them ," Cons: "Seats in economy section are very close together . There is not enough room for knees...especially for such a long trip." Pros: "Reclinable seats." Cons: "The food!! The lights could be dimmed as it was a night flight." Cons: "I was seated next to the restroom, which is not a pleasant experience for an international flight." Pros: "Food and service" Cons: "Working wifi would be good. Better A/C. More comfortable seats" Pros: "The bed was comfortable. Entertainment selection and large TV screen was good. The KLM crew is amazing, as usual." Cons: "Food quality was not so good." The baggage arrived damaged and i spent EUR 300 on the baggage a month ago. No responsibility from airline or the handles. I liked that the air staff is very good, but the ground staff still has lots of areas of opportunity. They raise their voices over the passenger questions or requests for information. Pros: "Seat was very comfortable and lots of leg room. Food was good." Cons: "Seat spacing is small, to the point that it's impossible to remain in the seat few hours without physical pain in your body" Cons: "The crew kept the temperature in cabin at 26 or 28 degrees Celsius. Whole trip felt like being in the oven. I will NEVER EVER FLY AUSTRIAN AIRLINES AGAIN." Pros: "Flight time was quite good" Cons: "There was a 45 min departure delay and no announcements to us while waiting in the plane about it" Pros: "The flight attendants where good and welcoming" Cons: "Seats are not comfortable and there us not enough seats space (to narrow to tight), no entertainment system at all, no power outlets to charge phone / tablet etc. it’s almost 2020, airplanes must include those elements as standard." Pros: "Flight was relatively empty today, therefore boarding was smooth and easy. I had a row to myself.. Smoothest landing ever... just a lucky day" Cons: "Boarding was not organized at all. I was sitting in the front yet I got in almost at the end and barely was able to find a place for my handbags. Ut took way too long and people had to stand for a long time to board. Crew members were not up to par either. I had my earphones and was watching a movie and feel asleep. And everytime one them passes by, they will knock me awake. I was extremely tired and tried hard to sleep yet they kept waking me up every time one of them passes by, no matter how skinny they were! Totally unprofessional." Pros: "There was nothing to like. Horible experience will never fligh with Austrian Air again" Cons: "The flight was long delayed, there was no explanation or any sort of pasenger notification about the delay. When I boarded the overhead luggage was full could not find space to secure my bags. The flight attendant was very rude did not assist me and made me wait. Other people traveling without luggage pushed me to pass by. I was told not very nice things. The flight was overbooked and overall horible experience." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Turkish Airlines7.9 KLM7.8 Austrian Airlines7.8 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Athens Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to Athens found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 4/16Tue 1 stop 18h 00mLAX-ATH $257 Search 4/17Wed 1 stop 17h 05mLAX-ATH $262 Search 1/21Sun 2 stopsITA Airways 33h 00mLAX-ATH $275 Search 1/31Wed 2 stopsLufthansa 18h 50mLAX-ATH $338 Search 12/9Sat 1 stopLufthansa 14h 25mLAX-ATH $399 Search 12/8Fri 2 stopsUnited Airlines 37h 43mLAX-ATH $432 Search 12/23Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 39h 30mLAX-ATH $433 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopITA Airways 17h 05mLAX-ATH $568 Search 12/20Wed 1 stopTurkish Airlines 27h 45mLAX-ATH $857 Search 12/21Thu 1 stopTurkish Airlines 21h 30mLAX-ATH $887 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineITA AirwaysLufthansaUnited AirlinesTurkish Airlines Search by price$260 or less$340 or less$430 or less$570 or less$890 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Athens Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to Athens that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 17h 30mLAX-ATH 12/9Sat multi-stopDelta 20h 55mATH-LAX $522 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 14h 25mLAX-ATH 12/3Sun multi-stopLufthansa 16h 25mATH-LAX $525 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAir France 16h 15mLAX-ATH 12/8Fri multi-stopAir France 31h 05mATH-LAX $527 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopLufthansa 21h 20mLAX-ATH 12/14Thu multi-stopLufthansa 18h 00mATH-LAX $529 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopLufthansa 21h 20mLAX-ATH 12/14Thu multi-stopLufthansa 18h 00mATH-LAX $530 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 19h 10mLAX-ATH 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 18h 00mATH-LAX $546 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 32h 30mLAX-ATH 12/17Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 36h 20mATH-LAX $549 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAir Canada 19h 15mLAX-ATH 12/8Fri multi-stopAir Canada 24h 46mATH-LAX $551 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAir Canada 18h 45mLAX-ATH 12/14Thu multi-stopAir Canada 24h 46mATH-LAX $552 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 21h 50mLAX-ATH 1/4Thu multi-stopBritish Airways 27h 25mATH-LAX $1,274 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineDeltaLufthansaAir FranceUnited AirlinesAir CanadaBritish Airways Search by price$530 or less$530 or less$550 or less$550 or less$1,270 or less Los Angeles - Athens Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: Athens (ATH)Greece Return flight deals: Athens - Los Angeles Cabin classes: First Class flights to Athens Business Class flights to Athens Prem Econ Class flights to Athens Economy Class flights to Athens Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $463Flights from Los Angeles to Athens Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Greece » Athens $463Flights to Athens, Athens Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Athens flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Athens from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Athens from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.