Cheap Flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta from $19 | (PHL - ATL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW PHL - ATL Find cheap flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta from $19 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Atlanta These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Philadelphia to Atlanta, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Philadelphia to Atlanta, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Philadelphia to Atlanta?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:53 pm - 11:19 pmPHL-ATL 2h 26mnonstop 6:10 am - 8:16 amATL-PHL 2h 06mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 12:30 pm - 2:54 pmPHL-ATL 2h 24mnonstop 2:06 pm - 4:08 pmATL-PHL 2h 02mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Thu, Dec 14 6:07 pm - 8:38 pmPHL-ATL 2h 31mnonstop 6:55 am - 9:01 amATL-PHL 2h 06mnonstop $40Frontier Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Sat, Feb 10 8:53 pm - 11:19 pmPHL-ATL 2h 26mnonstop 4:10 pm - 6:13 pmATL-PHL 2h 03mnonstop $43 Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Mon, Dec 18 8:53 pm - 11:19 pmPHL-ATL 2h 26mnonstop 3:50 pm - 5:53 pmATL-PHL 2h 03mnonstop $44 Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 11:42 am - 2:08 pmPHL-ATL 2h 26mnonstop 2:06 pm - 4:08 pmATL-PHL 2h 02mnonstop $48Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Thu, Dec 14 11:44 am - 2:10 pmPHL-ATL 2h 26mnonstop 3:50 pm - 5:53 pmATL-PHL 2h 03mnonstop $49Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 17 - Wed, Jan 3 10:20 pm - 12:40 amPHL-ATL 2h 20mnonstop 6:35 am - 8:41 amATL-PHL 2h 06mnonstop $50Frontier Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Tue, Dec 12 9:58 pm - 9:19 amPHL-ATL 11h 21m1 stop 7:56 am - 10:00 amATL-PHL 2h 04mnonstop $51Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Sat, Jan 20 9:06 pm - 11:35 pmPHL-ATL 2h 29mnonstop 10:00 am - 12:05 pmATL-PHL 2h 05mnonstop $52Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Tue, Jan 16 Show more results Flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Philadelphia to Atlanta? The average price of all flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Philadelphia to Atlanta, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Monday is the most expensive. Flying from Atlanta back to Philadelphia, the best deals are generally found on Tuesday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Philadelphia to Atlanta? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta is January, where tickets cost $126 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are November and May, where the average cost of tickets is $201 and $184 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Philadelphia to Atlanta? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Philadelphia to Atlanta, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Frontier ($19) and Spirit Airlines ($20). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Frontier ($38) and Spirit Airlines ($39). Which airlines fly most frequently between Philadelphia and Atlanta? Philadelphia and Atlanta are connected by different airlines. The airlines that fly that route the most regularly are American Airlines (4 flights per day), Delta (3 flights per day), and Southwest (2 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Philadelphia and Atlanta? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Philadelphia to Atlanta. They are: American Airlines, Delta, Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $39 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Philadelphia and Atlanta per day? Each day, there are between 7 and 14 nonstop flights that take off from Philadelphia and land in Atlanta, with an average flight time of 2h 21m. The most common departure time is 2:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 81 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Philadelphia and Atlanta? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Philadelphia to Atlanta take? A direct flight to Atlanta will take on average 2h 19m to travel the 665 miles flying distance from Philadelphia. What’s the earliest departure time from Philadelphia to Atlanta? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Philadelphia at 5:15 am and will be landing in Atlanta at 7:25 am. What’s the latest departure time from Philadelphia to Atlanta? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Philadelphia to Atlanta jets off at 10:20 pm and lands at 12:40 am. Good to know Low season January High season May Cheapest flight $19 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 23% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 12% increase in price. Flight from Philadelphia to Atlanta When to book flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Philadelphia to Atlanta based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta Does Philadelphia International Airport have an on-site hotel? Yes. If you will be staying in Philadelphia the night before your flight, consider making a reservation at the Philadelphia Airport Marriott, located on airport grounds. In order to get to your terminal, take a complimentary shuttle which leaves the hotel about three times an hour every day between 4:00 am and 12:00 midnight. Where can I rent a car at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? Rental car agencies at ATL are located in a facility separate from the terminal, but still on airport grounds. You can take the ATL SkyTrain from any terminal to the rental car facility. Some agencies housed there include Avis, Hertz, SIXT, Enterprise, Budget, Alamo, and more. Does Philadelphia International Airport have a private lounge for members of the US military? Yes. PHL has a USO Lounge at Gate A6 in Terminal E that offers services and amenities free of charge to active duty personnel of the US military and their dependents. This lounge offers refreshments, beds, showers, a play area for kids, and so much more. Does Philadelphia International Airport have a quiet place where I can relax as I'm waiting for my flight? You might consider visiting the Free Library located airside at the D/E Connector. This is a virtual library that features comfortable lounge chairs where you can read books that you've downloaded. Classic books and podcasts tend to be available to anyone, but you may need a Free Library card to download some more contemporary titles. Where is the cell phone lot at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? If you have someone picking you up at ATL, they can wait in the convenient Cell Phone Lot which you encounter as you enter airport grounds. The lot is north of the Park Ride Lots and west of the Economy Lots. The Cell Phone Lot has a giant screen that displays flight arrival times. Does Philadelphia International Airport have pet relief areas? If you are traveling with a pet who needs to go before your flight, you have many options as to where your pet can relieve himself or herself at PHL. There are four different animal relief areas outside on the Departing Flights Road. Inside the terminals, Terminal A has two pet relief stations, Terminals B, C, E, and F each have one, and Terminal D has three. Are there onsite airport hotels at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? Once you land, you will find a great selection of airport hotels to choose from. The Renaissance Concourse Hotel is nearby and accessed by a free airport shuttle and boasts dining with runway views and two pools. You can also enjoy the 4-star Hilton Atlanta Airport, which is a 2.5-mile drive from the airport and offers a free shuttle service. Which terminal has the most dining options at Philadelphia International Airport? There is a varied selection of restaurants and cafes at the airport and you will find a Au Bon Pain in every Terminal. Terminal C has the best selection of dining options, from fast food like Dogs on the Fly and Philly Pretzels, to sushi restaurant Sky Asian Bistro, to authentic pizzas at Aldo Lamberti Trattoria. Are there any pet relief areas at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport? If you are traveling with a pet or service animal, you will be pleased to know that the airport has seven pet relief areas, both indoor and outdoor, with dog parks offering relief and relaxation. The relief areas can be found in every concourse of the airport. Are there non-stop flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta? Yes, there are several airlines that operate direct flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta. With a flight time of under two and half hours, the airlines offering non-stop flights to Atlanta are American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Spirit Airlines, and Southwest Airlines. Do I need a passport to fly between Philadelphia and Atlanta? A passport is not required to fly from Philadelphia to Atlanta. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Philadelphia to Atlanta? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Philadelphia to Atlanta flight route: American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, British Airways, Alaska Airlines, and Iberia. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Philadelphia to Atlanta? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Philadelphia to Atlanta flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta? oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Philadelphia and Atlanta, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Philadelphia to Atlanta? There are nonstop flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $279 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $275 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Philadelphia to Atlanta? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Atlanta from Philadelphia is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Atlanta with an airline and back to Philadelphia with another airline. Booking your flights between Philadelphia and ATL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Philadelphia to Atlanta? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Atlanta from Philadelphia up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from PHL to Atlanta Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $74 or less one-way and $150 or less round-trip. If you want to decompress, center yourself, or pray as soon as you land at the Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL), you can take advantage of one of the prayer rooms. These 24-hour safe spaces of quiet contemplation can be found in the Domestic Terminal, on Concourse E, and on Concourse F. If you find yourself having to spend the night at Philadelphia International Airport (PHL), you'll be happy to know that the airport staff has a reputation of being nice to people who have to sleep in the airport. Ask at the information desk and they might be able to provide you with a pillow, blanket, and toiletries. If you encounter a stressful situation when you land in ATL, such as having had your money stolen or needing emergency transportation or lodging assistance, stop by Travelers Aid, a non-profit organization located in the Atrium near the Clock Tower and open weekdays from 8:30 am to 5:00 pm. Taking a flight from Philadelphia to Atlanta? Make sure to plan where exactly you’d like to stay in the city. The main airport in Atlanta is Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport. Downtown Atlanta is only 7 miles from the airport and can be easily reached by a range of public transport options. If you find that you have some extra time before your flight from Philadelphia to Atlanta takes off, there are plenty of shopping, dining, and even art exhibits to keep you entertained at Philadelphia International Airport. Dotted around the airport are several art exhibitions, from paintings and murals to movies, letting you take in local and international pieces whilst you wait for your flight. Need a way to keep your family busy at Philadelphia International Airport? Before you board your flight, take the kids to the Ready For Takeoff attraction in Terminal A-East. Let them pretend to be pilots or air traffic controllers while playing on the jumbo jet and control tower. If you head to Terminal A-West, you will also find the Liberty Bell, which is made out of 1,776 LEGOs and is perfect for taking selfies. If you are landing at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport and want to use public transportation to get to your hotel, rather than relying on taxis or a Greyhound bus you should consider using the rapid rail service. You will find the MARTA station located in the Domestic Terminal, between the north and south baggage claim areas. Hoping to have a bit of extra legroom during your flight from Philadelphia to Atlanta? If you fly with American Airlines you can invest in a Main Cabin Extra upgrade, which includes legroom as well as complimentary beer, wine, and spirits. You may also gain priority access to overhead cabin storage space and earlier boarding. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Philadelphia to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson? Find which airlines fly direct from Philadelphia to Hartsfield-Jackson, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Philadelphia to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to Philadelphia Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Philadelphia to Atlanta See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Philadelphia to Atlanta. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Philadelphia to Atlanta? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14227 reviews 87boarding 84comfort 80entertainment 78food 86overall 90crew Airline reviews Pros: "Check in was great" Cons: "There was a women on the flight with a dog. She went down the isle and was letting children pet it. I felt this lwas dangerous, as you never know what a child or dog are going to do. I had a nurse sitting next to me and she said you can’t believe how many children are bit by dogs who have no history. The crew did nothing to stop this" Pros: "Check in was great" Cons: "There was a women on the flight with a dog. She went down the isle and was letting children pet it. I felt this lwas dangerous, as you never know what a child or dog are going to do. I had a nurse sitting next to me and she said you can’t believe how many children are bit by dogs who have no history. The crew did nothing to stop this" Pros: "I almost got a chance to sleep." Cons: "One of the people with a crying baby in the seat behind me decided to sit in the seat next to me. I just wanted to sleep. It was a miserable experience for me." Pros: "The crew was great and the flight was OK...there were some bumps along the way." Cons: "The seat could have been a bit more comfortable." Cons: "We sat at the gate for nearly 2 1/2 hours after boarding flight Atlanta to Orlando! Very poor explanation and it was very hot on the airplane!" Pros: "The crew got us situated and ready to take off very quickly to make up for a slow start!" Pros: "Crew was funny and had a sense of humor, especially regarding the safety instructions." Cons: "Free Wifi. Paying for it is silly as ticket prices are expensive anyways." Pros: "I was really comfortable and pleased with the amenities. Free WiFi chat and movies." Cons: "Nothing! I’ll be choosing Southwest as my primary airline now." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "If there’s a “medical emergency” at the gate, 20 minutes BEFORE we board, maybe don’t let the person board before everyone else, then proceed with the medical evaluation and subsequent escorting the person back off the flight. Someone should’ve known that that person wasn’t fit for a cross country" Pros: "Flight attendants are always friendly and do their best to make everyone happy." Pros: "Free bags. Decent price, the crew was nice. Good wifi." Cons: "Very, Very full flight. Usual Southwest trip, people saving seats." Pros: "Friendly crew. Roomy Sears." Cons: "WiFi did not work, no food offerings (even for purchase) on a 6+hr flight, and there were no headphones to watch movies." Cons: "My luggage was torn and half of my stuff is missing from my bag" Cons: "1. Getting checked-in and a seat assignment, with my initial check-in with Iceland Air. 2. Getting a seat assignment before I arrived at the departure gate. 3. Having a Jet Blue employee at the baggage re-check counter." Cons: "The flight was bumpy but I think the pilot did all he could" Pros: "Boarding was smooth and on time, offer to check baggage, plenty of overhead space, spacious cabin for coach, variety of complentary drink and snack options, friendly and helpful staff. No long waits to taxi or arrive to gate." Cons: "Wish we had TV/ movie function on Northbound flight, had it on Southbound flight." Cons: "The planes are incredibly outdated. The flight was delayed due to maintenance issues and I see why! The life vests under the seat were falling down and sliding all around the floor. It was a mess." Pros: "Jet Blue was fantastic. Every seat on the plane was the equivelant of Delta Comfort + without the hefty upgrade!" Pros: "spacious seats and very comfortable as well. easy boarding" Cons: "a little too cold on the plane from FLL to Atlanta" Pros: "The food was very good they had flat screen TVs by every seat brand new plane!" Cons: "The crew weren’t amazing" Pros: "An overall very pleasant flight with great snack and beverage choices!" Pros: "The crew was nice. They did a very good job under the circumstance." Cons: "The flight was delayed over an hour because of an error on Delta‘s part. They did not verify people as they were boarding. Further the person in 17 F was doing video chat as we were preparing to take off and he had very foul language throughout the flight. The crew never said anything." Pros: "The flight was average, but the quality of travel on Delta this year has been the worst I’ve ever seen. It’s average at best and I’m considering going back to American because I have yet to have a true Delta flight consistent with previous years, the whole reason I switched to Delta." Cons: "Everything" Pros: "Everything. Food, staff, checking in. All were great" Cons: "Would have preferred they let me choose a window seat. I wasn’t given the option" Pros: "Crew was great as always. Friendly and professional" Cons: "We had a delay that complicated our getting home but all ended up OK" Pros: "First time flying into Daytona and it was super easy." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Wouldn’t let us take our carry-on because they had overbooked and had no more room in overhead. Delayed our first flight and then our connecting flight left *early*. (If you know you have customers with short connections, why leave early to make their connections even shorter?) Then told us they would not pay for our hotel since it wasn’t their fault. Gave us a “discount” with a nearby hotel that was more expensive than what you could book it for online. Had to wait several hours for them to get us back the carry-on luggage that they insisted we check in the first place." Pros: "Did not wait for luggage." Cons: "Food was marginal. Equipment had low ceiling under carry on shelf. No entertainment." Pros: "Delta provided great entertainment options and it felt like endless food and drinks. The seats were also a bit more spacious than usual" Cons: "They cancelled my ticket and did not inform me. Horrible exlefywith JustFly.com Beware of this organization" Pros: "Staff personalities" Cons: "Waited extra 20 mins after door closed to-complete loading luggage" Pros: "Very smooth boarding process. Made an announcement early that later groups would have issues with finding overhead space and asked for volunteers to check bags at the gate at no charge. Made things go very well without any delays." Cons: "Nothing to improve. Very well run." Cons: "They cancelled two of my flights in one weekend. We will not use American Airlines again." Pros: "The crew that was on board was pleasant. I always like flying American." Cons: "There was no flight attendants so the flight was delayed for an hour." Pros: "I think crew tried to make the best of the bad situation. Got to Atlanta faster than scheduled flight time and they were sympathetic. Don't really know about much else, as I slept the whole flight." Cons: "The 3 hour delay really cost us. Left Rome at 2:30 pm instead of 11:30 am, so missed 6:40 pm flight to Atlanta (so much for the 3 1/2 hour layover we were supposed to have). When we landed in Philadelphia, sat on runway for 45 minutes, waiting for gate. Next flight was supposed to leave at 8:40, took off at midnight." Pros: "The flight was early to arrive. There was also a rather frightening bit of turbulence, and the pilot explained why it had occurred, which I found very reassuring." Cons: "The food was definitely below average. It's virtually all carbohydrates.Other airlines provide you with a printed description of the menu options, so it's easier to make a choice. "Chicken or pasta" doesn't give the passengers any idea of what they are actually choosing. This time the chicken dish was served with pearl couscous, so it was basically pasta as well. The salad I was given was brown and wilted, and while the cabin attendants were kind enough to give me two salad that were in better shape (after meal service), I just think that quality control should have prevented a inedible salad from being served in the first place. I am also extremely opposed to American Airlines Transatlantic luggage fees. Since I was moving abroad rather than taking a short trip, I was not pleased about paying 100 USD for a second bag on top of an already expensive flight." Pros: "Crew was great..." Cons: "Nothing really off...just wish there were outlets for recharging devices. Thanks!" Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Pros: "Newer aircraft, comfortable seats" Cons: "Connection to inflight entertainment was complicated and lengthy, barely got access to it for 45 min" Cons: "No other snack choice, just pretzel. Can we have some cookies?" Pros: "The staff was nice and the pilot tried his best to keep us informed." Cons: "Flight was delayed by 50 minutes. Then once on the plane we were stuck sitting on the plane for hours. Didn’t end up landing in ATL until 1:45am. And then had to wait another 15-20min for them to open the door and bring the ramp to get off the plane. Horrible and exhausting experience!" Pros: "The flight attendants were very courteous." Cons: "Seats are way too close together. I am 6’ tall and if I wasn’t sitting with my rear pressed against the back of the seat, my knees were jammed into the seat in front of me. Zero elbow room. I’m fairly skinny and still thank god I had the aisle seat because with arms at my sides, my shoulders touched the small woman next to me and stuck into the aisle so that when the drink cart came by I had to physically lean toward the windows to get out of the way. No entertainment unless paid for, which is fine, except that the flight attendant and the announcements both stated that at least a movie was included. Outdated jet. No where to charge anything. Couldn’t work on my computer because to type, my elbow took up most of the other persons seat." Pros: "Quiet flight." Cons: "Our luggage didn’t make it to us in its entirety." Cons: "The flight was delayed more than 4 hours. It was a bad experience with United." Pros: "Everything! The flight left on time and landed early. Service was great and the staff was super." Pros: "Landing safely." Cons: "Everything else. I flew from PHL to IAH and was very unhappy with the experience. The gate agents were unfriendly. The bag check agents downstairs were unfriendly. I had two separate phone calls with United a week prior to the flight to understand and confirm the bag policy. This was AFTER booking my flight so they knew upfront I bought a basic economy ticket. After my first call, I understood a personal item would be free and I would be able to pay for my carry on bag, but only within 24 hours prior to the flight. I made a second call to be absolutely sure the previous agent gave me the correct information and pricing. So I paid the $25 for my carry on, checked in online, and waited at the gate while boarding at the very end because I was basic economy. They did not let me board with my bag. They requested another $50 to check my carry on with them or I would be rebooked. I struggled to afford the flight, let alone the carry on fee I had paid in advance. I literally did not have the money, and even if I had the cash, they only accept plastic. What blew me away was they weren't asking me to check my carry on because of the size. But because of my basic economy ticket, aka, the N fare. Despite checking with two employees by phone after buying my ticket and paying for a carry on in advance, there is a rule in place that states "if you have purchased Basic Economy, you will only be allowed one personal item, unless you are a Premier member or a primary card member using a qualifying MileagePlus credit card." Therefore, there is no alternative. You are a second class citizen; a no good deplorable, when you buy this ticket and there is nothing you can do to upgrade it. Only the "premier" passengers have the right to bring a carry on aboard even if you think you're paying for the privelage. What I was expected to somehow understand after asking two United employees prior if I could purchase the right to bring a carry on bag aboard, was to CHECK my CARRY ON downstairs or learn the hard way. Wow. What a ruthless way to learn this lesson. I waited 7 more hours to board the next available flight. What a nightmare. I thought I had did the appropriate research necessary and planned in advance to avoid these situations. Checking in online and contacting customer service prior is no longer the convenience it used to be. Even if you've done your research, bring additional funds with you. Even if you check in online and have a digital boarding pass, always check in with a real human prior to entering the TSA security line. A side note, United is trying to save money while "speeding up" the process by forcing you to use a computer to hand over your checked luggage. Speaking with a human now is a monumental struggle." Pros: "Everything went good. Crew was professional, flight was on time" Pros: "Clean aircraft, swift flight" Cons: "Seat was changed to last row/middle seat (not what initially booked or confirmed with online check-in). Before takeoff, attendant moved all passengers in back row to alternate seats. Which meant that I was no longer traveling with my colleague. Unfortunately, that made our intended meeting time impossible." Pros: "The flight wasn't too packed." Cons: "My husband and I flew from Newark to Atlanta on 03/12/2017 with United. My husband is active duty military and Alicia assisted us with checking in our baggage. She was very kind and helpful. After retrieving our tickets, we went through Security and my goodness, the process at Newark is awful and TSA WAS EXTREMELY RUDE. That's besides the point. Our flight was delayed because the pilot was not there. Our departure was at 0605 and we didn't leave until 0630. Everyone boarded the plane and we were waiting for the pilot. Then the crew members were pretty rude and not friendly. I know it's an early bird flight but jeez, they can be a little nicer. One stewardess had high heel boots and literally would stomp up and down the aisle. Then she kept saying my purse was not under my seat which it clearly was. I don't know where else she'd like me to put it, maybe in the passengers seat in front of me. I would probably not fly United unless I have no other choice." Pros: "All was handled beautifully!! Great flight and we arrived early!!" Pros: "On board entertainment was great." Cons: "For the second flight in a row, our flight was over 2 1/2 hours late. In fact, this flight was three hours late, including the maintenance issues that cropped up once we were all boarded. This came after a 2 1/2 hour wait due to a different maintenance issue with the plane. The gate attendant was extremely uneducated regarding the issue, and how long it would take to resolve. For over an hour, he told us that the plane was taxiing from the hanger. Assuming the hanger was at the same airport we were, I seriously doubt this was the case." Southwest8.4 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Philadelphia to Atlanta found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 26mPHL-ATL $19 Search 1/6Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 26mPHL-ATL $20 Search 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 26mPHL-ATL $24 Search 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 24mPHL-ATL $27 Search 1/23Tue nonstopDelta 2h 18mPHL-ATL $88 Search 1/23Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 5h 45mPHL-ATL $120 Search 12/6Wed nonstopDelta 2h 20mPHL-ATL $122 Search 5/23Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 20mPHL-ATL $169 Search 5/23Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 3h 49mPHL-ATL $177 Search 3/26Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 11h 12mPHL-ATL $182 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$20 or less$30 or less$120 or less$170 or less$180 or less Last minute flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstop 2h 26mPHL-ATL 12/6Wed nonstop 2h 03mATL-PHL $69 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 19mPHL-ATL 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 04mATL-PHL $78 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 16h 11mPHL-ATL 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 06mATL-PHL $87 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 13mPHL-ATL 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 02mATL-PHL $97 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 13mPHL-ATL 12/9Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 01mATL-PHL $98 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 04mPHL-ATL 12/7Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 03mATL-PHL $579 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 07mPHL-ATL 12/9Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 03mATL-PHL $585 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 22h 20mPHL-ATL 12/8Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 46mATL-PHL $597 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 34mPHL-ATL 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 01mATL-PHL $668 Search 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 2h 18mPHL-ATL 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 1h 53mATL-PHL $698 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesUnited AirlinesDelta Search by price$80 or less$100 or less$580 or less$600 or less$700 or less Philadelphia - Atlanta Flights Departure: Philadelphia (PHL)United States Destination: Atlanta (ATL)United States Return flight deals: Atlanta - Philadelphia Cabin classes: $500 First Class flights to Atlanta $498 Business Class flights to Atlanta $347 Prem Econ Class flights to Atlanta $47 Economy Class flights to Atlanta Browse origins: Flights » United States » Pennsylvania » Philadelphia $39Flights from Philadelphia to Atlanta Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $39Flights to Atlanta, Atlanta Compare transportation modes for Philadelphia to Atlanta Average price Average duration Flights $633 2h 19m Trains $269 16h 48m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Atlanta flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Atlanta from Philadelphia. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Atlanta from Philadelphia. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.