Cheap Flights from Newark Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle from $186 | (EWR - CDG) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW EWR - CDG Find cheap flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from $186 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/31. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Paris. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Paris. How much is the cheapest flight from Newark to Charles de Gaulle?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Newark to Charles de Gaulle that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:35 pm - 7:20 pmEWR-CDG 19h 45m1 stop 7:35 pm - 1:35 pmCDG-EWR 24h 00m1 stop $390Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Wed, Feb 21 6:55 pm - 1:25 pmEWR-CDG 12h 30m1 stop 2:05 pm - 1:35 pmCDG-EWR 29h 30m2 stops $394Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Wed, Jan 31 6:50 pm - 6:50 pmEWR-CDG 19h 00m1 stop 2:00 pm - 2:35 pmCDG-EWR 29h 35m2 stops $396Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Wed, Mar 13 - Sun, Mar 17 7:30 pm - 12:00 pmEWR-CDG 10h 30m1 stop 1:00 pm - 6:20 pmCDG-EWR 11h 20m1 stop $408Icelandair Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Fri, Jan 26 7:30 pm - 12:00 pmEWR-CDG 10h 30m1 stop 1:10 pm - 6:20 pmCDG-EWR 11h 10m1 stop $419Icelandair Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Mon, Jan 29 6:20 pm - 7:25 amEWR-CDG 7h 05mnonstop 9:25 am - 11:55 amCDG-EWR 8h 30mnonstop $536United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Sat, Jan 20 4:50 pm - 5:55 amEWR-CDG 7h 05mnonstop 12:20 pm - 2:40 pmCDG-EWR 8h 20mnonstop $537Delta Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Fri, Jan 19 5:59 pm - 10:35 amEWR-CDG 10h 36m1 stop 12:20 pm - 2:40 pmCDG-EWR 8h 20mnonstop $538Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sun, Jan 28 6:20 pm - 7:25 amEWR-CDG 7h 05mnonstop 12:00 pm - 11:38 pmCDG-EWR 17h 38m2 stops $546United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Mon, Dec 18 9:35 pm - 10:55 amEWR-CDG 7h 20mnonstop 9:25 am - 11:55 amCDG-EWR 8h 30mnonstop $547Lufthansa Find Deal Fri, Dec 29 - Sat, Jan 13 Show more results Flights from Newark to Charles de Gaulle - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Newark to Charles de Gaulle to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Newark Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Newark Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is March, where tickets cost $576 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $986 and $934 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Newark Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Newark Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 71 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Newark Liberty Airport were found on Scandinavian Airlines ($272) and SWISS ($326), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Scandinavian Airlines ($390) and Icelandair ($408). Which airlines fly non-stop between Newark Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Newark Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Newark Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. They are Air France and United Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is United Airlines, with the best one-way deal found costing $544. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at United Airlines. How many flights are there between Newark Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport per day? Each day, there are between 5 and 6 nonstop flights that take off from Newark Airport and land in Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, with an average flight time of 7h 10m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 40 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 15% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Newark Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport take? Direct flights take on average 7h 05m to travel the 3,637 miles between Newark Liberty Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Newark Airport at 4:50 pm and will be landing in Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport at 5:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Newark Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport jets off at 9:35 pm and lands at 10:55 am. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight $186 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 26% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 11% increase in price. Flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport When to book flights from Newark to Charles de Gaulle Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Newark to Charles de Gaulle based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flights What is the best mode of transport to the city center from Charles de Gaulle Airport? Taxis are, without a doubt, the quickest and most convenient way to get from Charles de Gaulle International Airport to the city center of Paris. If you take one of the many cabs that wait outside, you can be in the middle of the city in about 45 minutes. Are there rental car services at Charles de Gaulle Airport? CDG is a great place to pick up or drop off a rented car. While most car rental agencies are located at Terminal 2, you may also rent a car in Terminal 1. To rent a car for a day, a week, or longer, take the free CDGVAL shuttle from the Roissypole bus station. Can I stay overnight at Newark Liberty International Airport? To camp safely until morning, you must relocate to one of the designated landside areas before dusk. There are a few benches without armrests and quieter corners on the airside of Terminal B, so passengers prefer to relax there during the middle of the day rather than on the landside. Are there parking services at Newark Liberty International Airport? Newark Liberty International Airport's parking options range from short-term pickups close to the terminals to long-term stays in the Economy Lot, with an intermediate option in the P4 parking building that has electric vehicle charging stations and easy access to the airport's AirTrain system. Do I need a passport to fly between Newark Liberty Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? A passport is required to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Delta, JetBlue, Air France, and ITA Airways offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? The Boeing 777-200/200ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Newark Liberty Airport and Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? There are nonstop flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Newark to Paris, Delta or Lufthansa? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Newark to Paris are Delta and Lufthansa. With an average price for the route of $975 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Lufthansa is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $926 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Newark Liberty Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport with an airline and back to Newark Liberty Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Newark Liberty Airport and CDG can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Newark Liberty Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from EWR to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $501 or less one-way and $677 or less round-trip. At Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR), there are a total of 13 lounges, with United Airlines being responsible for the maintenance of four of those lounges. In addition, there is a club known as the Delta Sky Club as well as the Admirals Club. Passengers who are unable to get admission to the lounges provided by partner airlines may purchase day tickets from the Art & Lounge, which is situated inside Terminal A. Newark Liberty International Airport provides its guests traveling with infants with a number of different nursing suites that may be found inside the terminals. The self-contained pods are similar to little rest breaks along the road. Inside, nursing mothers may nurse their infants or pump breast milk in total seclusion. At EWR, there is a station for animal relief located in each terminal. Additionally, there is a spot available near the entrance of Terminal B2. After entering the departures section of Terminal C, go to the left to reach the interior of the terminal. At EWR, the pet relief facility will be situated in the area directly opposite Gates 28 and 29. Be prepared to do a lot of walking since the Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) in Paris is a massive airport infamous for its complicated layout. There are three separate terminals at the airport (1, 2, and 3). Because there are eight different satellite terminals, Terminal 2 is the most complicated terminal to traverse. Your journey will be quite different depending on the terminal and concourse hall you choose to use. Both EWR and CDG are committed to providing their customers with the same high quality service. Passengers at these airports may use a wide range of amenities in the hours before and after their flights. Just two examples of this kind of assistance are wheelchair rentals and terminal maps. Passengers are free to approach any member of the airport personnel at any time before, during, or after travel with any questions, concerns, or comments. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Newark to Paris Charles de Gaulle? Find which airlines fly direct from Newark to Charles de Gaulle, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Newark to Paris Charles de Gaulle Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Friday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Paris Charles de Gaulle to Newark Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Tuesday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Wednesday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Thursday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Friday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Saturday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 Sunday Air Canada, Air France, Austrian Airlines, +7 more Air Canada, Air France, +8 more 6 7 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Newark to Charles de Gaulle See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Newark to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Newark to Charles de Gaulle? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 77entertainment 82overall 82boarding 78comfort 86crew 79food Airline reviews Pros: "Amazing - they had a full dinner for a 9:55pm flight, with real silverware, complementary alcohol, for economy passengers! Crew extremely professional and efficient."Read more about SWISS Pros: "Amazing - they had a full dinner for a 9:55pm flight, with real silverware, complementary alcohol, for economy passengers! Crew extremely professional and efficient." Pros: "Crew was very nice and attentive" Cons: "Leg room on my first flight (longest leg of the trip) was not much and when the person in front of me leaned their chair back, my knees were touching the chair." Pros: "The crew was great! The entertainment was pretty good too." Cons: "The cabin was WAY too warm." Pros: "Food was good. Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Seats were extremely cramped. Once the person in the front reclined their seat it was very difficult to get out of the seat. Also better guidance is needed during boarding. Finally, my hand carry was checked 4 times by 4 different people, which means your staff doesn’t trust their own colleagues." Cons: "Despite listing items desired for breakfast per seat assignment, flight attendant still got it wrong." Pros: "A very friendly and attentive crew and a decent meal. Comfort is still iffy in coach but better than most American airlines. Good selection of movies to pass the time." Cons: "Seats in coach are cramped and some have an electrical box under the seat in front of you, so there is no room for your legs or carry on bag. Bathrooms keep getting smaller to jam in more seats." Pros: "The movies were good, the food was good. Servers were kind and helpful. Clean and overall positive flight." Cons: "Several delays and gate changes." Pros: "Good flight with Swiss friendliness. They even passed out food (sandwich) during this very short flight." Cons: "Nothing, really!" Cons: "The way the movies, needed extra parts. No touch screen" Cons: "I was sitting on seat # 25 A : The distance between the seats in rows # 24 and # 25 was about 6 Inches less than between the other seat rows in front of us and across the isle thus making it VERY uncomfortable when the seat in front was in the sleeping condition. Peter M. Endriss" Cons: "Not enough room with the seats if someone reclines in front of you." Cons: "Don't call it "food." the meals were terrible. Also stop creating so much single use plastic." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Nothing worked. Charging station. Tv. They charge for everything. Customer service is poor. I get Way more for my money flying a budget airline!" Pros: "The food was good The crew was fantastic, friendly and accommodating Flight was on time" Cons: "I was near the bathroom.. stank a bit" Pros: "Landed safely." Cons: "Late departure. Almost missed connection. Even though we planned a decent amount of time between flights. Always something causing delays when we leave from Newark." Pros: "The crew was awesome and helped out tremendously when anything was needed!" Cons: "Our flight was changed/delayed because of smoke detector problems!! We lost a whole day on the trip and we are very upset" Pros: "The Delta check-in at RDU was terribly understaffed with only 2 agents handling baggage drop-off for a fully booked Boeing 757. I waited over 1 hour and got to the gate at the last minute. Poorly managed! The flight crew was great though! Very attentive service even in the economy class!" Cons: "The food could be better." Pros: "Easy boarding, great service from the flight crew, and excellent food and drink service. Seats were comfortable and plenty of entertainment options for a long flight" Cons: "After fully boarding the plane, we all had to leave because the air conditioning failed. We've traveled five times on Delta this year and every trip has had a significant delay." Pros: "The flight crew & the flight itself was great." Cons: "The flight was delayed by 4 hours. Not only did I miss my connecting flight, but I also missed my rescheduled flight. I had to wait another 7 hours in the airport waiting for a flight. And due to this I missed an important meeting." Pros: "Great crew, food, entertainment and drinks." Cons: "Only thing that could be improved is comfort. They provide a small pillow and blanket, but even with those, it is very difficult to sleep." Cons: "On our layover in Munich, we were at our gate, then noticed about 30 minutes prior to boarding that they’d moved us to another gate quite far away, so we hurried to the new gate, only to discover the change was an error, and we had to run back to our original gate. Made it, but annoyed." Cons: "The flight was delayed several times and we were kept waiting at the gate without knowing when exactly we will leave." Pros: "This space intentionally left blank" Cons: "For starters, they sat my 12 year old daughter 6 rows away and both of us in center seats so no one would switch with us. Mid flight, my daughter asked to switch with me since the guy next to her kept asking personal questions and was making her uncomfortable. Second, the in flight entertainment did not work. Third, I had pre-ordered a diabetic meal, they “think they may have given it to someone else.” Fourth, one hour delay making for a tight connection. And finally... they lost my suitcase. Should arrive in a few days." Pros: "The efficiency and kindness of the flight attendants made the trip enjoyable. The water service really helped with dehydration. Also, the food was EXCELLENT, which you don't often hear on a flight. My seat was comfortable and the movie and television selections was great. Will ABSOLUTELY fly with them again!" Cons: "Our flight was 9 hours late. We were given no notice of this until we arrived at the gate. it took an hour if holding before we could reach customer service. Customer service at our arrival gate was extremely slow. Baggage claim closed before my daughter’s luggage was released and it was lost until the next day. Our connecting flight was booked incorrectly do we had to spend the night in Frankfurt. Our 13 hour flight took 29 hours. The food was awful." Pros: "Friendly flight attendants, good wine, good entertainment (which I actually don't watch), beautiful airplane, A 340, especially the downstairs restrooms." Cons: "Very uncomfortable seats, minimal leg room, mediocre food." Cons: "Pathetic food, and really rude crew by the standards of an international flight." Pros: "Clean plan, attentive attendants, flight was delayed 15 minutes but notified us promptly." Pros: "Amazing crew, fast boarding." Cons: "Uninspired food. I was served the same meals 30 years ago." Pros: "All good." Cons: "Gluten free meal was selected and paid for before the flight, but for some reason the crew didn't have the option available for me once on board. Nevertheless, they tried to be their best. More drink's without extra charge. Follow Lufthansa service and all will be grand." Pros: "Great food, typically on time and very prompt. entertainment was good. It was an older plane so the actual screens and monitors or outdated." Cons: "There were several babies crying for at least 2/3 hours and of course it is not the fault of the crew or airline. But that definitely left a lot of people dissatisfied with an overnight flight in which we are hoping to rest before arriving in Copenhagen. Seats are getting smaller and smaller. Spaces are very tight but that seems to be the norm with all airlines" Cons: "Upon landing in EWR on United, per my reservation on this site my connection was on SAS to Copenhagen. Upon arrival in EWR, I received an email from this site saying my SAS flight "may be canceled". I immediately headed to the terminal where SAS was and went into the lounge to speak to an agent. The women I spoke to could not have been more rude. She told me my flight was canceled and that she did not have access to any details because that was United's responsibility. I told her that could not be the case because my flight was on SAS so if they canceled the flight, I would like to understand what my options are given that I had a tight window upon arrival into my final destination into Dubrovnik so I could not be too late in landing outside of my original reservation. She told me that I had to talk to United and did not even acknowledge why there was a cancellation or anything other than the SAS flight I was on was cancelled. She barely even helped me to understand where my luggage was which I was very concerned would be lost given the issue with the flight cancellation. As a result of all of this, it turns out I was put onto a United flight that now had MORE connections. I had to now go to Frankfurt to Vienna to Dubrovnik, all with really tight connections AND now I no longer was on the same flight as my friend who I was traveling with. SAS did not help with any of this or care to assist in ANY way. They told me it was out of their hands and I had to talk to United. AWFUL service when SAS had cancelled the flight! I had no choice but to take the re-routed flights. I ended up running to my gates and barely catching all of my connections which made for a very stressful travel experience to start my long awaited vacation. After paying the high cost I did for my flight, I am extremely frustrated with my experience as I ended up having more connections, tight connections, awful customer service and a really stressful trip. This is NOT would I would expect for how much I paid and out of the quality of an airline. I would like to receive some type of compensation for the extreme inconvenience of landing 3+ hours after my original arrival time, being broken up with my friend who I was traveling with, not being given any options for my travel, terrible customer service assistance, and no acknowledgement from SAS to help me in any way." Pros: "On time and clean airline." Cons: "Not helpful with stroller. Wanted us to sign off that they were not responsible for if stroller broke while handling it. Insane. They said it “might “ to big even though they didn’t know what measurements would be too big. We’ve flown for the last 3 years with this stroller but different airlines and never heard of such thing. (Since it’s the smallest city mini double stroller there is and folds flat- super small!) first time we flew SAS all. We didn’t sign anything and gate checked it and all was fine but some incompetent crew at check in. Not very helpful finding seats with all four of us. Put us in different rows. Could work on their customer service for sure." Pros: "The 7 hr trip to Copenhagen was rough. The seats are too close together. My knees hit the seat in front of me even without reclining. When the seat in front of me reclined the tv screen was 6” away from my face. It was next to impossible to get out of the seat." Cons: "Legroom." Pros: "Left on time. 50 minutes early in Copenhagen. Food was not bad." Cons: "TSA at EWR was ridiculous. Slow lines and very inefficient." Cons: "We arrived late in Copenhagen and I had 20 minutes to catch my connecting flight. Even though I was checked-in for the Copenhagen to Athens flight it left without me. I was then transferred through Prague to get to Athens and again missed my connecting flight through there. Now I am stuck in Prague looking for a flight to Athens and most likely will miss my next flight from Athens to Karpathos and will again be stuck in Athens because there are no flights out to Karpathos until 19 of May, 3days from now. I was physically in the Copenhagen airport and could have made that flight, I feel that since I was already checked in they should have waited for me and allowed me to board. Now I will Be missing work!" Pros: "Boarding was quick and easy. Decent amount of overhead space. The pilot was friendly. USB ports for charging phones at the seat. Free bottle of water at your seat." Cons: "No overhead fan. When flight got really hot, no way to moderate temperature. No choice of food at all, unless you are in economy plus. I don't remember the last time that a trans-Atlantic flight had at least a meant, or fish, or vegetarian dish. Usually, at least two or three dishes. On SAS, everything has to be ordered ahead of time. Some of the flight attendants were friendly, some not so friendly. No free alcoholic drinks even with dinner. Limited regular drinks - they are only served with food, aside from that you have to purchase even the non-alcoholic drinks. The food just wasn't very good, even compared to other airline food. Compared to other companies, relatively small selection of entertainment. I had considerably more choice on a domestic flight than on a 9 hr. international SAS flight. Storage pockets at the seat are pretty small." Cons: "The flight from EWR to Oslo was delayed by over 2 hours which meant I would miss my next connection... and I understand that happens sometimes. But, it was after hours on the airline number phone number and the fly.com customer service could not help with finding an alternate connection from Oslo to FRA. It was frustrating to then have to wait at Oslo airport for another 4 hours before the new connecting flight." Pros: "Everything about this booking was a disaster. Not the least of which is that my bags are still on London and are total travel time will end up being about 24 hours returning." Pros: "Staff was great" Cons: "There should be a choice of Halal meal also, while booking the seat" Pros: "Quick boarding, kind crew" Cons: "All food and drinks for a cost. I had to run to make it to my gate which was quite a distance and a shuttle ride away." Pros: "The crew on the plane and at the Dublin airport were nice. We haven’t made it to Dubrovnik. Plane from Newark was delayed, we missed our connection, our luggage was misplaced, then they didn’t have another flight until the next day, and they sent us to a hotel that didn’t have any rooms available." Cons: "What couldn’t have? Thanks Aer Lingus." Pros: "Overall everything went better than expected. Flew Aer Lingus from East Coast through Dublin to Rome. Making the connection in Dublin was the easiest connection I’ve ever made and I fly multiple times every month. I would fly Aer Lingus to Europe again for sure." Cons: "We did not get to select the seats. I did get an extremely low priced fare so I was prepared. The seats were in the very back of the plane from Dublin to Rome even though there were many seats open throughout the plane. I couldn’t figure out how to purchase upgrades using the app." Pros: "The welcome, hospitality and service by the crew were all excellent" Pros: "Absolutely nothing" Cons: "Traveling for important business trip. Flight got canceled for “operational issues” and I Never received a notification from the airline or booking agency. I was told I couldn’t get a flight until 24-48 hours later. There were flights available through other airlines, so I asked if they could get me on one of those flights. I then sat on hold for 45 mins to be told that the airline wasn’t responding and the only thing they could do is refund me. I ended up purchasing a new round trip airfare 4 hours before departure which cost me $1000 more than what I paid for my original flights. I was experiencing a lot of anxiety and stress during this period again with no help from the agents. I expect someone to get back to me regarding this and offer some options on how to make this situation right." Cons: "My flight from the US to Dublin was delayed by 3.5 hours because the original inbound plane broke down and they sent a smaller replacement. Then they could not locate a crew." Pros: "The crew was very helpful and has provided lots of water now and then, wich was really relieving on the long distance. The seats were quite comfortable, the food quite all right." Cons: "The flight was delayed wich caused a lot of stress bevor, while and after it, 'cause of the connection flight, that we were afraid to miss. We've got the connection at the end, but the luggage didn't come with us, so a luggage investigation was needed. A lot of paperwork and stress, hopefully I'll at least get it back soon. Entertainment wasn't available for several hours, it was an error in the system or something. Some of the seats have had it, others have had not. It took them hours to fix it." Cons: "We tried to get a checked bag when checking it online but the site kept shutting down. When we got to the airport they told us it was $100 for each of our checked bags. They would not let us back away from the counter and check in online, even though it was only $45 online. The man who helped us was fine but his boss was rude and totally unhelpful. We will not fly Aer Lingus again if possible, which is sad because we are Irish and like the rest of the experience usually." SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Lufthansa7.8 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Aer Lingus7.4 Book cheap flights from Newark to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Newark to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/31Wed 1 stop 20h 35mEWR-CDG $186 Search 1/20Sat 1 stop 15h 17mEWR-CDG $190 Search 2/7Wed 1 stop 20h 35mEWR-CDG $203 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopLufthansa 10h 20mEWR-CDG $333 Search 12/31Sun nonstopLufthansa 7h 05mEWR-CDG $443 Search 1/16Tue nonstopAir France 7h 05mEWR-CDG $451 Search 1/9Tue nonstopDelta 7h 05mEWR-CDG $452 Search 12/10Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 7h 05mEWR-CDG $454 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopDelta 10h 35mEWR-CDG $456 Search 1/6Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 33h 26mEWR-CDG $469 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLufthansaAir FranceDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$190 or less$330 or less$450 or less$450 or less$470 or less Last minute flights from Newark to Charles de Gaulle Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Newark to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 18h 55mEWR-CDG 2/1Thu multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 29h 20mCDG-EWR $415 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 12h 30mEWR-CDG 12/6Wed multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 25h 10mCDG-EWR $422 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 18h 55mEWR-CDG 12/8Fri multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 25h 10mCDG-EWR $426 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAir France 7h 05mEWR-CDG 12/7Thu nonstopAir France 8h 20mCDG-EWR $525 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 26h 56mEWR-CDG 12/13Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 24h 52mCDG-EWR $526 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 28h 55mEWR-CDG 12/11Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 31h 11mCDG-EWR $531 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAir France 7h 05mEWR-CDG 12/4Mon nonstopAir France 8h 20mCDG-EWR $535 Search 12/1Fri nonstopLufthansa 7h 20mEWR-CDG 12/7Thu multi-stopLufthansa 10h 45mCDG-EWR $540 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 11h 25mEWR-CDG 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 13h 11mCDG-EWR $551 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 14h 45mEWR-CDG 12/4Mon multi-stopLufthansa 15h 50mCDG-EWR $576 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineScandinavian AirlinesAir FranceUnited AirlinesLufthansaDelta Search by price$420 or less$530 or less$530 or less$540 or less$580 or less Newark Liberty Airport - Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Flights Departure: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Destination: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG)France Return flight deals: Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport - Newark Liberty Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris $2,216 Business Class flights to Paris $1,313 Prem Econ Class flights to Paris $534 Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport $359Flights from Newark Airport to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris » Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport $359Flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Paris Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Newark Liberty Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport from Newark Liberty Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.