Cheap Flights from Atlanta to San Francisco from $59 | (ATL - SFO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW ATL - SFO Find cheap flights from Atlanta to San Francisco from $59 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/6. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to San Francisco These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to San Francisco. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Atlanta to San Francisco. How much is the cheapest flight from Atlanta to San Francisco?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Atlanta to San Francisco that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:11 pm - 9:29 amATL-SFO 14h 18m1 stop 8:46 am - 4:27 pmSFO-ATL 4h 41mnonstop $98Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Mon, Jan 22 10:11 pm - 9:29 amATL-SFO 14h 18m1 stop 8:46 am - 4:27 pmSFO-ATL 4h 41mnonstop $99Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 27 - Mon, Jan 29 9:49 pm - 12:08 pmATL-SFO 17h 19m1 stop 8:36 am - 4:17 pmSFO-ATL 4h 41mnonstop $109Frontier Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Wed, Jan 17 5:32 pm - 8:25 pmATL-SFO 5h 53mnonstop 8:46 am - 4:27 pmSFO-ATL 4h 41mnonstop $118Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Mon, Jan 22 5:12 pm - 8:05 pmATL-SFO 5h 53mnonstop 8:46 am - 4:27 pmSFO-ATL 4h 41mnonstop $120Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Sat, Jan 20 9:20 pm - 4:51 pmATL-SFO 22h 31m1 stop 8:59 am - 9:06 pmSFO-ATL 9h 07m1 stop $136 Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sat, Feb 3 9:49 pm - 8:04 amATL-SFO 13h 15m1 stop 6:41 pm - 9:19 pmSFO-ATL 23h 38m2 stops $146 Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Tue, Jan 16 12:24 pm - 7:15 pmATL-SFO 9h 51m2 stops 9:00 am - 7:47 pmSFO-ATL 7h 47m1 stop $240American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Sat, Jan 27 6:00 am - 12:45 pmATL-SFO 9h 45m1 stop 8:00 am - 8:36 pmSFO-ATL 9h 36m1 stop $301JetBlue Find Deal Wed, May 8 - Sun, May 12 11:43 am - 7:31 pmATL-SFO 10h 48m1 stop 11:45 am - 11:18 pmSFO-ATL 8h 33m1 stop $310JetBlue Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Tue, Jan 23 Show more results Flights from Atlanta to San Francisco - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Atlanta to San Francisco to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Atlanta to San Francisco? The average price of all flights from Atlanta to San Francisco clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to San Francisco on a Tuesday and more expensive on a Sunday. On your return trip to Atlanta, you should consider flying back on a Wednesday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Atlanta to San Francisco? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Atlanta to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Atlanta to San Francisco is February, where tickets cost $254 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and December, where the average cost of tickets is $388 and $381 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Atlanta to San Francisco? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Atlanta to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Atlanta to San Francisco, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 22 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Atlanta to San Francisco? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Atlanta to San Francisco found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $98 on Frontier, followed by American Airlines ($240). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $59 on Frontier and from $150 on United Airlines. Which airlines fly non-stop between Atlanta and San Francisco? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Atlanta to San Francisco. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Atlanta to San Francisco. They are: Delta, Frontier and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $109 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Atlanta and San Francisco per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 12 nonstop flights that take off from Atlanta and land in San Francisco, with an average flight time of 5h 28m. The most common departure time is 7:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 58 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Wednesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Atlanta and San Francisco? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Atlanta to San Francisco take? The average nonstop flight takes 5h 47m, covering a distance of 2,133 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Atlanta to San Francisco? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Atlanta at 6:10 am and will be landing in San Francisco at 8:33 am. What’s the latest departure time from Atlanta to San Francisco? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Atlanta to San Francisco jets off at 9:54 pm and lands at 12:20 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $59 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 16% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 8% increase in price. Flight from Atlanta to San Francisco When to book flights from Atlanta to San Francisco Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Atlanta to San Francisco based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Atlanta to San Francisco What are the accessible services at San Francisco International Airport (SFO)? The airport has AirTrains that connect the garages to the terminal and are accessible to persons with limited mobility. The airport dedicates itself to making all its services accessible to all passengers. Contact your airline at least 48h before your flight to seek wheelchair assistance and other special assistance. Are there lounges in Atlanta Hartfield Jackson International Airport (ATL)? The airport is one of the busiest in the world and therefore provides lounges where travelers can relax and wait for their flight away from the chaos of the terminals. Most of the lounges are airline-operated. A few lounges allow travelers to purchase a day pass entry, while most are reserved for eligible travelers. On Concourse A, you can find Delta Sky Club, on Concourse B, Delta Sky Club, and Minute Suites, to mention a few. In most concourses, you will find the Delta Sky Club. Can I sleep at Atlanta Hartfield Jackson International Airport (ATL)? You are welcome to sleep at the lounges, which offer comfy seats and complimentary services before your flight. However, if you want a more comfortable place to stay, you can check in at one of the hotels around the airport. Just next to the airport, the Renaissance Concourse Atlanta Airport Hotel offers elegant amenities and free airport shuttle services to the hotel. There are other hotels near the airport, so you can choose one within your budget and needs. Are there nursing facilities at SFO? Yes. The nursing facilities at SFO are amazing. They offer spacious, private, and beautiful nursery areas for nursing mothers. You can find them past security and before security. If you are traveling with an infant, head to one of them and breastfeed in privacy. You can ask one of the staff members at the airport to help you locate a nursing room. Do I need a passport to fly between Atlanta and San Francisco? A passport is not required to fly from Atlanta to San Francisco. Which airports will I be using when flying from Atlanta to San Francisco? When flying out of Atlanta you will be using Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson. You will be landing at San Francisco, also known as San Francisco. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Atlanta to San Francisco? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Atlanta to San Francisco flight route: Delta, American Airlines, Cape Air, Horizon Air, Spirit Airlines, and Alaska Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Atlanta to San Francisco? The Boeing 737-900 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Atlanta to San Francisco flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Atlanta to San Francisco? SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Atlanta and San Francisco, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Atlanta to San Francisco? There are nonstop flights from Atlanta to San Francisco on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Atlanta to San Francisco, Alaska Airlines or JetBlue? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Atlanta to San Francisco are Alaska Airlines and JetBlue. With an average price for the route of $501 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. JetBlue is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $292 and an overall rating of 8.1. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Atlanta to San Francisco? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Atlanta to San Francisco. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Atlanta to San Francisco? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to San Francisco from Atlanta is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Atlanta to San Francisco? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to San Francisco with an airline and back to Atlanta with another airline. Booking your flights between Atlanta and SFO can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Atlanta to San Francisco? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to San Francisco from Atlanta up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from ATL to San Francisco Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $140 or less one-way and $277 or less round-trip. Atlanta Hartfield Jackson International Airport (ATL) is approximately 7 miles from Atlanta's business district, making it ideal for travel. You can easily get to the airport with ease. You can check the airport's website for directions. Enjoy the amenities and services the departure airport offers to make your experience great. You can never run out of things to do at Atlanta Hartfield Jackson International Airport (ATL). Log into the free Wi-Fi, and access the prayer rooms, charging stations, banking services, and luggage storage. Arriving at San Francisco International Airport (SFO) places you about 13 miles from downtown San Francisco. You can catch the BART train, which connects the airport to the city and other Bay Area destinations. Ground and public transportation are also available to help you navigate the city and surrounding towns. If you are traveling with kids, you can find an interactive kids’ spot at the arrival airport where your children can play as you eat or shop. The airport’s website has a traveling with kids section, so be sure to check it out for more information. San Francisco International Airport is animal friendly and ensures that you and your furry companion have the best travel experience. Apart from service animals, you should properly kennel your pet in the airport terminals. Walk your pet to the pet relief areas after the exhausting flight. The departure airport also provides animal relief spaces inside and outside the terminals. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to San Francisco? Find which airlines fly direct from Hartsfield-Jackson to San Francisco, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to San Francisco Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air China, +11 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air China, +10 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +11 more 9 10 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights Nonstop returns San Francisco to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +11 more 9 10 Wednesday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +9 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +10 more 8 9 Thursday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +11 more 9 10 Saturday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +11 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, +11 more 9 10 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Atlanta to San Francisco See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Atlanta to San Francisco. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Atlanta to San Francisco? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 86overall 87boarding 84comfort 78food 80entertainment 90crew Airline reviews Cons: "Flight was over an hour late. We had to get off the plan because of a fuel problems." Cons: "Flight was over an hour late. We had to get off the plan because of a fuel problems." Cons: "I was able to connect to internet and watch movie Thank you" Pros: "Flight was on time and arrived early. Crew knew what to do and made the flight run as smoothly as possible." Pros: "The entertainment was great. I wish WiFi would have worked." Pros: "I forgot the guy's name buy one of the crew members was especially funny! Good snacks, comfy seats, solid entertainment." Pros: "I always like Southwest employees really love their job. The employees from gate agents to flight attendants were amazing. Good job and thank you for making our flight enjoyable!" Pros: "Other than WiFi, everything was great & smooth" Cons: "WiFi kept freezing so I had to go back and “Resume Playback” no airtime." Pros: "New plane. Much quieter and nicer. Also got aisle seat in emergency row, so had plenty of room." Cons: "I still think the charge of $8 for internet is just too high. Although I enjoyed watching football game, I would rather listen to Apple Music subscription. But I’m not paying $8 for this pleasure for 2 hours. How about reducing the price to $2 or something else that is less." Pros: "The ability to sit next to my person." Cons: "Soccer team of over 20 kids who were allowed to act their age. Also, your pretzel bags are hard to open. Southwest flight attendants were awesome." Pros: "The shortness of the trip and the flight attendants were very friendly." Cons: "It was packed full of people, the plane was old, and the seats were uncomfortable." Pros: "Plenty of space since flight was empty." Cons: "I have flown Alaska many many times and this was by far the worst service I ever received. The flight attendants were so very inattentive. I actually had to take my garbage, plastic cups and recyclables to the back where the flight attendant was sitting down, reading a magazine as she was eating her yogurt. I asked her if I could dispose of the items and she reluctantly answered without taking her eyes of the celebrity gossip magazine ... really??? Omg!! I couldn’t believe it!!" Cons: "Flight on time and not wait 30 min on the runway to get to a gate once landed" Pros: "The seat was nice." Cons: "Offered water or Orange juice in a can due to a short flight. I may recommend no canned orange juice, due to the quality ingredients and something more freshly squeezed for health benefits. And offers coffee or tea." Pros: "Crew were very attentive and hospitable to the crew. I have been flying ASIANA many times and enjoy the flight as well." Pros: "NOTHING ㅗ" Cons: "GROUND SERVICE. The flight was delayed causing me to miss my connecting flight. The ground staff at BWI said they could do nothing about it. I spent an extra $1000." Pros: "Flight was ok." Cons: "They took away our seats and then gave us new ones but we were separated. My son is 2 and I was t able to sit with him and my wife." Cons: "Bathrooms were not maintained during duration of flight. With airlines like Delta and JetBlue stepping up their in-flight service Alaska needs to get with the program. I think everyone and their mothers we're in boarding group C but yet no one was in A...make it more dispersed." Pros: "The female attendant went above and beyond. She was kind, thorough, and helped make the flight the best I’ve been on with Alaska Airlines so far!" Pros: "One beverage cart pass during a very long flight. No food available unless preordered. Not even the obligatory mini pretzels." Pros: "Free movies, comfy seats" Cons: "The WiFi doesn’t work. They didn’t give out any snacks just drinks." Pros: "Love the free WiFi. That was awesome and somewhat unexpected." Cons: "There was no coffee left on board when serving the second round - kind of hard to wake up from a 6 hour flight." Pros: "Facilities and amenities (WiFi, unlimited snacks, comfortable seat)" Cons: "Gate agents consistently telling paxs to SIT DOWN if their boarding group hasn’t been called yet." Pros: "Crew was nice and accommodating. Plenty of leg room in regular cabin. Good entertainment options.?" Cons: "Nobody speaks english. Announcement also in Portuguese. Very difficult for foreigners. Gate people are awful." Cons: "Our flight out of Atlanta was delayed twice, and eventually cancelled due to mechanical problems - this caused us to miss our connecting flight from JFK to TLV. We had to rescheduled our flights (slow and convoluted route): Atlanta, Boston, Newark, Tel Aviv. We are presently in Boston." Cons: "Our return flight was delayed over 4 hours and they didnt keep us properly informed and ahead of time . We were travelling with kids and it’s was stressful to keep them at airport for so long . They didn’t provide us with any dinner or meal vouchers either" Pros: "Best food and entertainment availability" Cons: "When we arrived from hawaii to SFO airport we had to exit in order to get our tickets for our next flight (SFO to FLL) and we had to go through security again for this reason. No one around to help, we even called from one of the airport telephones but no one answered." Pros: "The flight was smooth, efficient and friendly crew. For a 5hr flight, the snacks were very sparse." Cons: "A full meal" Cons: "The door wouldn’t open once we arrived in Detroit" Pros: "Nice plane, amenities" Cons: "Better information about perpetual delays - honesty about delay. Information to respond appropriately." Pros: "On a quick 40 minute flight they still managed to serve coffee, water and snacks." Cons: "Seats are terrible - need replacing-worn out; say like Queen Latina, setting on top of one another; absolutely no leg room!" Pros: "We actually did not fly this route. We bought a car and drove home!" Pros: "Crew was friendly, capt. had smooth take off and landing." Cons: "Late gate change threw me for a loop. Had dinner with some friends in terminal before they caught a different flight. Walked to my gate only to find flight had changed to a different terminal and gate. Ended up fine because there was a delay with the lane switch, but made me a little anxious." Pros: "Yes" Cons: "Took off late. Other than that very comfortable and great experience" Pros: "It is a busy travel day and this flight was unbelievably smooth. The entire crew was competent and friendly." Pros: "Got me there Safely" Cons: "Couldn’t understand announcements... at all! By flight attendant or pilot" Cons: "There was no food or entertainment. There was a problem with the seat of the person in front of me. He couldn't keep his seat straight and his head was in my lap throughout the flight." Pros: "Better than average entertainment system for domestic flights." Cons: "Boarding done against logic: my seat was in the last 5 rows of the cabin and I was scheduled to board in the final group. When I got to my seat the first 30 rows were nearly fully, but the back of the plane was half empty. The whole time the gate agent was urging passengers to move faster through the aisle, but Delta should really rethink its boarding strategy. It shouldn't take 40 minutes to board a 757." Cons: "The flight was delayed 75 min because the plane wouldnt start. A differernt aircraft was needed to resume ops." Flight late …60 minutes No food No wifi No entertainment system A disaster!!! The flight was on time and they didn't loose my luggage. The plane wasn't very clean. The plane was so hot and the air above was basically nothing. It was very pleasant to fly with WestJet! I would recommend to my friends. The crews were very nice too! Pros: "The crew was fine" Cons: "the checked luggage took over an hour to arrive at the carousel. ZERO communication. Other flights arrived after ours and all their baggage arrived and they all left while we stood. No information. No explanation. Poor" Pros: "It was all very standard- crew was nice, plenty of food" Cons: "the system for checking bags at Paris CDG was really bad. The Kiosks to print bag tags were really hard to use - esp for older folks." Cons: "Wake people up when serving anything.. I have seen in some other airlines that one is provided with a sticker to place on your seat to show if you can or cannot be woken up" Cons: "The baggage restriction was not good at least one Checking should be allowed" Pros: "Crew." Cons: "Entertainment aka movies.. this was an older plane - should have brought a book as I’m used too movie screens" Pros: "Excellent flight attendants. Comfort was great. Nothing really was bad about the flight." Cons: "Nothing I can think of...." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 Book cheap flights from Atlanta to San Francisco Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Atlanta to San Francisco found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 5h 49mATL-SFO $59 Search 1/17Wed nonstopFrontier 5h 53mATL-SFO $61 Search 3/2Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 5h 33mATL-SFO $150 Search 2/28Wed 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 13h 59mATL-SFO $179 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopJetBlue 10h 35mATL-SFO $223 Search 5/1Wed 1 stopJetBlue 12h 35mATL-SFO $232 Search 2/7Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 15h 58mATL-SFO $239 Search 4/12Fri 1 stopAlaska Airlines 17h 55mATL-SFO $258 Search 1/28Sun nonstopDelta 5h 28mATL-SFO $299 Search 12/22Fri nonstopDelta 5h 22mATL-SFO $319 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierUnited AirlinesAlaska AirlinesJetBlueDelta Search by price$60 or less$180 or less$230 or less$260 or less$320 or less Last minute flights from Atlanta to San Francisco Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Atlanta to San Francisco that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 23h 24mATL-SFO 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 4h 42mSFO-ATL $179 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 9h 00mATL-SFO 12/6Wed multi-stopFrontier 16h 14mSFO-ATL $187 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 32mATL-SFO 12/8Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 23mSFO-ATL $573 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 5h 17mATL-SFO 2/28Wed nonstopDelta 4h 33mSFO-ATL $578 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 11h 04mATL-SFO 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 23mSFO-ATL $603 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 28h 00mATL-SFO 12/6Wed multi-stopAlaska Airlines 13h 26mSFO-ATL $674 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 19h 24mATL-SFO 2/28Wed multi-stopAlaska Airlines 20h 31mSFO-ATL $734 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 10h 48mATL-SFO 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 37mSFO-ATL $972 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 10h 44mATL-SFO 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 47mSFO-ATL $1,205 Search 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 5h 17mATL-SFO 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 4h 30mSFO-ATL $1,238 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierUnited AirlinesDeltaAlaska AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$190 or less$580 or less$670 or less$970 or less$1,240 or less Atlanta - San Francisco Flights Departure: Atlanta (ATL)United States Destination: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: San Francisco - Atlanta Cabin classes: $2,118 First Class flights to San Francisco $1,361 Business Class flights to San Francisco $787 Prem Econ Class flights to San Francisco $147 Economy Class flights to San Francisco Browse origins: Flights » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $131Flights from Atlanta to San Francisco Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » San Francisco $131Flights to San Francisco, San Francisco Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Honolulu Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search San Francisco flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to San Francisco from Atlanta. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to San Francisco from Atlanta. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.