Cheap Flights to Europe from C$ 193 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights to Europe from C$ 193 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 24/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Europe ...and more Latest Europe Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayReturn MOST POPULARLondon From Toronto 1 stop from C$ 502 Search flights Paris From Hamilton 1 stop from C$ 406 Search flights Lisbon From Hamilton 1 stop from C$ 398 Search flights From Toronto 1 stop from C$ 483 Search flights From Montreal Direct from C$ 474 Search flights Rome From Toronto 1 stop from C$ 565 Search flights Istanbul From Hamilton 2+ stops from C$ 624 Search flights Athens From Toronto 1 stop from C$ 652 Search flights From Montreal 1 stop from C$ 660 Search flights Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight C$ 193 Best time to beat the crowds (12% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (16% more expensive on average) Flight from Vancouver to London Heathrow Airport FAQs - booking Europe flights Which airports are best for Canadian flights to London? You can get frequent flight service from several Canadian airports including those in Toronto, Montreal, Vancouver and Halifax to London Heathrow. If you’re looking for more flexibility, Lufthansa offers one-stop flights out of Montreal to London City Airport (LCY) whereas Air Transat provides non-stop service from Toronto to London Gatwick Airport (LGW). Do Canadian citizens require a visa for flights to Europe? Currently, Canadian citizens do not need a visa to enter European countries within the Schengen zone and can enjoy a stay up to 90 days before one is required. However, as of November 2023, all Canadian nationals will need an ETIAS authorisation to travel to Schengen countries as well as Cyprus, Croatia, Bulgaria and Romania. Which Canadian airport has the best fares to Northern Europe? If you plan on visiting cities in Northern Europe such as Oslo, Stockholm or Helsinki, there are cheap flights available via Icelandair and SAS from Toronto to all three destinations. You can also get low fares from Montreal with both airlines, but your travel time will be a couple hours longer in most cases. Which airlines offer non-stops from Canada to Europe? There are several airlines offering non-stop flights from Canadian airports to a few European cities. Air Canada, Air Transat and British Airways offer direct departures from Toronto and Montreal to London and Paris. KLM also has non-stop flights from Toronto to Amsterdam while Lufthansa has similar service from Montreal to Frankfurt. How long is the flight to Europe? An average direct flight from Canada to Europe takes 9h 28m, covering a distance of 10703 km. The most popular route is Toronto - London with an average flight time of 7h 00m. What is the cheapest flight to Europe? The cheapest ticket to Europe from Canada found in the last 72 hours was C$ 221 one-way, and C$ 366 round-trip. The most popular route is Toronto Pearson Intl to London Heathrow and the cheapest round-trip airline ticket found on this route in the last 72 hours was C$ 470. Which airlines fly to Europe? Air Canada, Lufthansa & United Airlines fly the most frequently from Canada to Europe. The most popular route is from Toronto to London, and Lufthansa, United Airlines and Air Canada fly this route the most. What are the most popular destinations in Europe? The next most popular destinations are Paris (24%) and Istanbul (10%). Searches for flights to Lisbon (7%), to Rome (6%) and to Amsterdam (5%) are also popular. How does KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a given destination and date is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Europe Looking for cheap airfare to Europe? 25% of our users found tickets to Europe for the following prices or less: From Calgary C$ 588 one-way - C$ 844 round-trip, from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 786 one-way - C$ 905 round-trip, from Vancouver Intl C$ 1,030 one-way - C$ 1,164 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be January, November and December. The cheapest month to fly from Canada is January. Enter your preferred departure airport and travel dates into the search form above to unlock the latest Europe flight deals. For cheap flights from Canada to Europe the airports on the country’s east coast are closer to the continent and therefore offer a higher frequency of departures to European destinations. Toronto’s Pearson International Airport (YYZ), Montreal Trudeau International Airport (YUL) and Halifax Stanfield International Airport (YHZ) are your best options for the least expensive fares. Calgary International Airport (YYC) and Vancouver International Airport (YVR) are other major airports offering transatlantic flights. Passengers travelling to Western Europe have the option of flying into several hubs across the region. For example, Air Canada and British Airways offer non-stops from Toronto to London Heathrow Airport (LHR) while the Canadian national airline and KLM offer direct departures from Toronto to Amsterdam Schiphol Airport (AMS). You can also consider flights into Milan as a third option since they are generally cheaper than other hubs like Paris. For excellent connections to Central Europe, Lufthansa departures from Toronto or Montreal to Frankfurt am Main International Airport (FRA) is perhaps your best option. Flights into Zurich from both these points of origin are typically cheaper than flying into Geneva, for instance and the fares into Krakow are also quite favourable compared to flights destined to Rome or Munich. Mediterranean countries are popular for summer travel to Europe. Low-cost carriers easyJet and Ryanair have hubs in Malaga and Palme de Mallorca, so you’ll likely save a few dollars compared with flights to Barcelona and Naples. Athens, Moscow and Istanbul are major transit hubs to explore the Eastern European countries, but you can also get cheaper airfares to airports in Sofia, Bucharest and Belgrade. Venice Carnival is one of the largest and most popular outdoor festivals in Europe, with a breath-taking variety of costumes, pageants and balls held over 20 days in February. easyJet and Aer Lingus offer some of the cheapest one-stop flights from Toronto Pearson International to Venice Marco Polo International Airport (VCE) while Air France provides frequent one-stop departures to the same destination from Montreal Trudeau International. See more tips Top 5 airlines flying to EuropeNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Canada to Europe? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.8 LufthansaOverall score based on 29276 reviews 75food 84crew 80overall 77comfort 80boarding 76entertainment Airline reviews my screen did not work, but the middle seat was empty so I used the middle screen. Also, I appreciate that I was allowed to switch to an earlier flight and avoid short delay during boardingRead more about Lufthansa my screen did not work, but the middle seat was empty so I used the middle screen. Also, I appreciate that I was allowed to switch to an earlier flight and avoid short delay during boarding Pros: "With my little boy the seats were so uncomfortable cause of the engine. But the rest was great." Cons: "Great crew this time." Pros: "The seats were nice and the food was unusually good" Cons: "More water brought to the seats. The landing was strange. The pilot pulled up on the first approach and when the second approach was completed the steering was stuck. They ultimately got the steering to work." Cons: "The only company that constantly delays flights. Narrow and uncomfortable places in the business class. They waited 4 days for the suitcase! They are not responsible for receiving compensation for the delay in suitcases! Where to write and call?" Pros: "Plane from Munich was late coming to Zagreb, so my flight was late because of that and was about to lose connection flight from Munich to Brussels. Then, Lufthansa drivers waited in Munich, put us in vans and drove us to plane for Brussels. Amazing service!." Cons: "I wasn’t able to fly because my passport was stolen" Cons: "Lufthansa flight from Florence to Frankfurt was 45 mins late, so a large group of passengers had 30 mins to transfer from plane to bus to terminal to security to gate on other side of airport. They offered no assistance other than to say run, which we did the whole way. When we reached the gate less than 5 minutes after scheduled takeoff they said flight was closed and next flight was 18 hours later. Not one passenger successfully made the transfer. It took over 2 hours to get hotel and food vouchers, and we were forced to stay in airport Holiday Inn with now sweaty clothes and no luggage. Everyone was furious, and the entire incident could have been easily avoided in many ways, including by delaying the flight 5 mins or by providing passenger transportation at any point in the 30 minute transfer from the Lufthansa A arrival gate and the Lufthansa Z departure gate." Cons: "Requested assistance in Budapest for my 84 yr old mother that walks with a cane for the Frankfurt airport and Baltimore. No one showed up. Lots of walking at Frankfurt and having to board out on runway up all the steps was not easy." Pros: "Monitor in front of me did not work during the whole flight. The seat was really crammed in and not enough leg room.Monitor in front of me did not work during the whole flight. The seat was really crammed in and not enough leg room." Cons: "Monitor in front of me did not work during the whole flight. The seat was really crammed in and not enough leg room." Pros: "Crew and entertainment options" Cons: "Passengers gathering against crew instructions. Large group behind me was loud and inconsiderate." Pros: "Punctual" Cons: "They forced me to ceck my trolley because i had a suit with me!!! And the airplane wasn’t even full. Even worst they allowed some pieces of “hand luggage” that were double the maximum allowed size" Cons: "I may be wrong but these days, the staff curtsy and overall well coming approach is lacking! Just a smile and a few cheerful words can transform passengers’ mood greatly!! This becomes particularly important when one is traveling for > 9 hours back to back flights!! One can extra charge for it!!" Pros: "The crew was OK, but nothing special." Cons: "Air France should not sell tickets for which the connection flights are almost impossible to catch. My luggage was not transferred to my connecting flight. I had to run to catch the flight to Bucharest. At CDC there were only two custom officers for checking passport of EU citizens, on a Saturday morning with hundreds and hundreds incoming travelers. On top of it, one female officer was rude. Typical french :(" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They have a terrible communication problem, they never communicated why the flight was late, they never communicated what they were doing or what was happening. Bad customer service. Bad communication with the client. They told us when I asked several times that we would not lose our connection and that everything was fine and that was not the case. We lost the connection. No one told us anything. Another problem was that the girl in the boarding process removed the suitcases tickets from the boarding pass and did not want to return them, and held it without any cause. Without that tickets we can not claim the bags. The flight staff went looking for us. Pretty sad and disappointed by their service. I understand that they were causes outside the airline but must communicate to the client. They cannot remain silent and say nothing." Pros: "Crew was great but at the airport they had us weight our carry on and then made us check it for 90 euro." Pros: "Perfectly on time, no hassle, seat OK. This is the way I appreciate a flight." Cons: "Food. No choice, three "madeleine" (sweet) cookies for all, no sugar-free (salty) alternative..." Pros: "Crew was attentive. Timings were spot on." Cons: "Virtually no information at boarding which made everybody just make a huge line. Boarding they a bus, it was raining and we got wet." Pros: "Fly was delayed.i was told my bag would go to end but it was not.instead of coming to the hotel 7pm i came 1am." Cons: "Explain me to take the bag on time.it was almost left in the airport." Cons: "I’m not sure that short-hop flights should serve solid food. The quality invariably disappoints. Otherwise, all is good with this flight." Pros: "The comfort of the flight snd kindness of the crew." Cons: "My connecting flight to san francisco was through Delta, which it was on a different terminal, I had to carry my luggage out of the airport in order to get to delta’s terminal - the buildings are not connected." Pros: "Crew was attentive - the service from SJC is much better than SFO - less crowded etc. New 787 and Premium Econ is great." Pros: "All flights were on time. Boarding was well organized." Cons: "Seats seem more cramped than comparable airlines. Food quality was poor. For one meal they didn't honor my special meal request (they did for the other meal, so they got the request). Flight attendants didn't check back in comfort of passengers." Pros: "seat was not comfortable as it was economy. staff was decent." Cons: "friendlier staff, better food options" Cons: "Not even a drop of water included in a 3:50 flight pathetic for major airline" Pros: "nothing" Cons: "Crew were super grouchy, and we sat on the runway for an hour, had to go back for more fuel. Pilots never updated us and crew were rude." Pros: "I had a window seat, the tv screen worked and I was able to watch a few good movies" Cons: "The food quality has significantly dropped." Pros: "We liked the Economy Plus amenities lovely service from all staff" Cons: "Heath row. Was very disorganized" Pros: "Got there safely" Cons: "Long lines to board. Take a bus from the terminal to the plane. Walk up a lot of stairs to get on the plane. No free bottled water or soft drinks. Ten minutes before landing they gave me tap water." Pros: "Speedy and friendly service from crew" Cons: "Flight was delayed. Not their fault; French traffic control strike" Pros: "Once again, British Air provided excellent service and friendly staff for our flight from London to Boston. The Paris to London crew was not as accommodating and there were difficulties with language barriers in CDG." Cons: "Lots of time waiting to disembark. Some free snacks would be nice to." Cons: "Good tasted so bad, you should try to improve it." Pros: "getting off flight they didn't tell me at gate checkin that I needed a specific tag to receive my double stroller at the gate upon arrival to yyz. so I arrived with my twins and all our stuff to have to carry one of them and deal with all kinds of trouble until we wereat luggage pickup. HORRIBLE" Cons: "when gate checking strollers be more clear - I was travelling alone with twin 4 year olds ... to have to carry all the carry on luggage and deal with kids who are tired having the stroller after the flight at the gate would have been extra helpful which w=is what I had intended" Cons: "To have known that you had to do security twice without leaving the boarding area." Pros: "The crew was great." Cons: "The seat space was very narrow for an international flight." Pros: "Crew was good" Cons: "Boarding was awful. One queue in a very small area for all passengers. Agent tried to charge us 150 GBP for 3 carry on bags which we had previously carried on for 2 other flights. Felt like extension until I pushed back." Pros: "The crew service was polite and efficient. As I have long legs, the distance between seats means I can't move around much." Cons: "Travelling in economy class means the food is okay but not great. It used to be better a few years ago before the intense competition between airlines for passengers." Cons: "No entertainment, staff rude... i do not recommend flying with air transat to Puerto Rico" Cons: "Never made it on the flight and have no help getting any refund or compensation. Unable to make connections to Toronto." Pros: "Seats had decent space." Cons: "Only had limited food so when the staff came, they had nothing left except for junk. Pretty pathetic considering we have to pay for it too. They prefer to let their passengers starve. No entertainment. Wouldn't take air Transat again unless I had no choice." We sat on in the plane for an hour and a half before takeoff. Frankfurt airport is chaos. Original flight cancelled which resulted in hours waiting in lines. No telephone answers from Air Canada even when on hold for one hour. Horrible Frankfurt experience Fare for value was excellent. 30 minutes late on arrival, but tolerable as had no connections. Very rushed and stressful Transfer at Pearson. Baggage delayed, I have been advised is coming, but not sure when. my flight got late due to weather so they gave me another direct air india flight. Pros: "The whole process from check-in to getting luggage was smooth." Cons: "Food wasn't great. It wasn't terrible either but I've had better." Pros: "good entertainment system" Cons: "they boarded zones 3, then 4, then 5.. utter chaos. When I asked a male flight attendant the premise for this he was rude and aggressive. My wife phoned CA to book a gluten free meal the day before. The process was so complex she gave up. 9 hours no food. I was reminded again why I hate this airline" Cons: "There was no coffee or tea available on the flight" Cons: "Not enough washrooms for # of people. Denied us of from WR. Food carts blocked WR access to most people for long periods of time." Pros: "There was a particularly great flight attendant. I wish I got her name but she was really helpful and pleasant." Cons: "The crackers that came with my cheese plate meal were rancid." Lufthansa7.8 Air France7.4 British Airways7.3 Air Transat7.2 Air Canada7.1 Book Cheap Europe Plane Tickets Recent one-way flight deals 24/2Sat 2 stopsWestJet 34h 50mYVR-LHR C$ 142 Search 24/2Sat 2 stopsWestJet 34h 50mYVR-LHR C$ 143 Search 5/12Tue 1 stopAir Transat 10h 45mYYZ-LGW C$ 281 Search 5/12Tue 1 stopAir Transat 17h 50mYYZ-LGW C$ 282 Search 27/2Tue directLufthansa 7h 40mYYZ-CDG C$ 485 Search 9/1Tue directLufthansa 6h 55mYUL-CDG C$ 485 Search 10/1Wed 1 stopAir Canada 27h 45mYYZ-CDG C$ 490 Search 28/12Thu directAir Canada 6h 55mYUL-CDG C$ 496 Search 25/3Mon directBritish Airways 9h 15mYVR-LHR C$ 514 Search 28/2Wed directBritish Airways 9h 15mYVR-LHR C$ 515 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetAir TransatLufthansaAir CanadaBritish Airways Search by priceC$ 140 or lessC$ 280 or lessC$ 490 or lessC$ 500 or lessC$ 520 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 17/1Wed 1 stopAir Transat 16h 45mYYZ-LIS 25/1Thu 1 stopAir Transat 13h 29mLIS-YYZ C$ 358 Search 10/12Sun 1 stopAir Transat 16h 45mYYZ-LIS 25/12Mon 1 stopAir Transat 28h 41mLIS-YYZ C$ 364 Search 12/2Mon directAir France 6h 50mYUL-CDG 18/2Sun 2 stopsAir France 25h 55mCDG-YUL C$ 428 Search 20/1Sat directAir France 7h 00mYUL-CDG 26/1Fri 2 stopsAir France 15h 10mCDG-YUL C$ 429 Search 10/1Wed directLufthansa 7h 20mYYZ-LIS 26/1Fri directLufthansa 8h 35mLIS-YYZ C$ 436 Search 11/12Mon 1 stopLufthansa 14h 20mYYZ-CDG 11/3Mon 1 stopLufthansa 18h 06mCDG-YYZ C$ 437 Search 6/2Tue directAir Canada 6h 55mYUL-CDG 18/2Sun 1 stopAir Canada 13h 45mCDG-YUL C$ 441 Search 6/3Wed directAir Canada 7h 05mYYZ-LHR 10/3Sun 1 stopAir Canada 12h 40mLHR-YYZ C$ 444 Search 16/2Fri directBritish Airways 7h 05mYYZ-LHR 25/2Sun directBritish Airways 8h 05mLHR-YYZ C$ 600 Search 14/1Sun directBritish Airways 9h 15mYVR-LHR 14/2Wed directBritish Airways 9h 45mLHR-YVR C$ 642 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir TransatAir FranceLufthansaAir CanadaBritish Airways Search by priceC$ 360 or lessC$ 430 or lessC$ 440 or lessC$ 440 or lessC$ 640 or less Last minute flights to Europe Last minute flight, train and bus deals 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Transat 27h 50mYYZ-LIS 11/12Mon multi-stopAir Transat 28h 46mLIS-YYZ C$ 352 Search 5/12Tue directAir Transat 6h 55mYYZ-LIS 11/12Mon multi-stopAir Transat 28h 46mLIS-YYZ C$ 353 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopLufthansa 15h 10mYUL-CDG 15/1Mon multi-stopLufthansa 15h 05mCDG-YUL C$ 458 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopLufthansa 20h 45mYUL-CDG 17/1Wed multi-stopLufthansa 14h 45mCDG-YUL C$ 505 Search 5/12Tue directAir France 7h 00mYUL-CDG 9/12Sat multi-stopAir France 28h 25mCDG-YUL C$ 686 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 20h 50mYYZ-LHR 12/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 12h 30mLHR-YYZ C$ 713 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 9h 25mYVR-LHR 18/12Mon multi-stopAir Canada 19h 58mLHR-YVR C$ 733 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 35h 45mYVR-LHR 18/12Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 21h 27mLHR-YVR C$ 853 Search 5/12Tue directBritish Airways 7h 05mYYZ-LHR 28/4Sun directBritish Airways 7h 45mLHR-YYZ C$ 1,020 Search 4/12Mon directAir France 7h 15mYYZ-CDG 13/1Sat multi-stopAir France 13h 30mCDG-YYZ C$ 1,108 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir TransatLufthansaAir FranceAir CanadaBritish Airways Search by priceC$ 350 or lessC$ 510 or lessC$ 710 or lessC$ 850 or lessC$ 1,110 or less Flights to Europe Return flight deals: Europe - Canada Cabin classes: First Class flights to Europe C$ 1,330 Business Class flights to Europe C$ 1,192 Prem Econ Class flights to Europe C$ 339 Economy Class flights to Europe Browse origins: Flights » Canada C$ 593Flights from Alberta to Europe Flights from Brandon, Manitoba to Europe C$ 520Flights from British Columbia to Europe Flights from Fredericton to Europe Flights from Moncton to Europe C$ 774Flights from Newfoundland and Labrador to Europe C$ 709Flights from Nova Scotia to Europe C$ 280Flights from Ontario to Europe C$ 825Flights from Prince Edward Island to Europe C$ 483Flights from Quebec to Europe Flights from Regina to Europe Flights from Saint John to Europe Flights from Saskatoon to Europe Flights from Whitehorse to Europe Flights from Winnipeg to Europe Flights from Yellowknife to Europe View more Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe C$ 614Flights to Albania, Europe C$ 608Flights to Austria, Europe C$ 547Flights to Belgium, Europe C$ 1,409Flights to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Europe C$ 1,003Flights to Bulgaria, Europe C$ 801Flights to Croatia, Europe C$ 797Flights to Cyprus, Europe C$ 646Flights to Czech Republic, Europe C$ 354Flights to Denmark, Europe C$ 342Flights to Estonia, Europe C$ 1,007Flights to Faroe Islands, Europe C$ 690Flights to Finland, Europe C$ 366Flights to France, Europe C$ 455Flights to Germany, Europe C$ 1,193Flights to Gibraltar, Europe C$ 561Flights to Greece, Europe C$ 614Flights to Hungary, Europe C$ 280Flights to Iceland, Europe C$ 345Flights to Ireland, Europe C$ 1,158Flights to Isle of Man, Europe C$ 509Flights to Italy, Europe C$ 863Flights to Jersey, Europe C$ 1,299Flights to Kosovo, Europe C$ 837Flights to Latvia, Europe C$ 1,023Flights to Lithuania, Europe C$ 827Flights to Luxembourg, Europe C$ 607Flights to Malta, Europe C$ 867Flights to Moldova, Europe C$ 1,451Flights to Montenegro, Europe C$ 414Flights to Netherlands, Europe C$ 1,201Flights to North Macedonia, Europe C$ 696Flights to Norway, Europe C$ 381Flights to Poland, Europe C$ 371Flights to Portugal, Europe C$ 470Flights to Romania, Europe C$ 1,133Flights to Russia, Europe C$ 531Flights to Serbia, Europe C$ 1,308Flights to Slovakia, Europe C$ 862Flights to Slovenia, Europe C$ 470Flights to Southeast Europe, Europe C$ 365Flights to Spain, Europe C$ 725Flights to Sweden, Europe C$ 535Flights to Switzerland, Europe C$ 741Flights to Türkiye, Europe C$ 1,348Flights to Ukraine, Europe C$ 470Flights to United Kingdom, Europe View more Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Halifax Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to St. John's Flights to Saskatoon Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Europe flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Europe from anywhere in Canada. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to anywhere in Europe from anywhere in Canada. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.