Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to Paris Orly from C$ 322 | (YYZ - ORY) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYZ - ORY Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Orly Airport from C$ 322 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 22/4. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Paris Orly Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Paris, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Paris, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Pearson Intl to Orly?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pearson Intl to Orly that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:55 p.m. - 10:35 p.m.YYZ-ORY 19h 40m1 stop 6:30 a.m. - 2:25 p.m.ORY-YYZ 13h 55m1 stop C$ 446 Find Deal Sat, 10 Feb - Sun, 18 Feb 7:30 p.m. - 6:25 p.m.YYZ-ORY 16h 55m1 stop 9:05 a.m. - 3:15 p.m.ORY-YYZ 12h 10m1 stop C$ 455Lufthansa Find Deal Sun, 10 Dec - Sun, 28 Jan 7:30 p.m. - 6:25 p.m.YYZ-ORY 16h 55m1 stop 9:05 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.ORY-YYZ 11h 55m1 stop C$ 463Lufthansa Find Deal Mon, 19 Feb - Sun, 3 Mar 5:40 p.m. - 11:05 a.m.YYZ-ORY 11h 25m1 stop 7:40 a.m. - 1:55 p.m.ORY-YYZ 12h 15m1 stop C$ 488TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Wed, 8 May - Wed, 22 May 9:15 p.m. - 9:15 p.m.YYZ-ORY 18h 00m2 stops 7:35 a.m. - 7:15 p.m.ORY-YYZ 17h 40m2 stops C$ 543Air France Find Deal Sat, 20 Jan - Sat, 27 Jan 5:40 p.m. - 2:40 p.m.YYZ-ORY 15h 00m1 stop 6:40 a.m. - 2:35 p.m.ORY-YYZ 13h 55m1 stop C$ 555TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Sun, 28 Jan 10:05 p.m. - 6:40 p.m.YYZ-ORY 14h 35m2 stops 7:25 a.m. - 9:36 p.m.ORY-YYZ 20h 11m2 stops C$ 681American Airlines Find Deal Sun, 25 Feb - Fri, 1 Mar 10:05 p.m. - 6:40 p.m.YYZ-ORY 14h 35m2 stops 7:25 a.m. - 5:29 p.m.ORY-YYZ 16h 04m2 stops C$ 683American Airlines Find Deal Thu, 18 Jan - Thu, 22 Feb 10:05 p.m. - 6:40 p.m.YYZ-ORY 14h 35m2 stops 10:15 a.m. - 8:15 p.m.ORY-YYZ 16h 00m2 stops C$ 690Iberia Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Tue, 23 Jan 10:05 p.m. - 10:15 p.m.YYZ-ORY 18h 10m2 stops 2:25 p.m. - 9:59 p.m.ORY-YYZ 37h 34m2 stops C$ 694Iberia Find Deal Mon, 15 Jan - Sun, 28 Jan Show more results Flights from Pearson Intl to Orly - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pearson Intl to Orly to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Orly Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Orly Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Orly Airport is April, where tickets cost C$ 799 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 1,642 and C$ 1,355 respectively. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Orly Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Paris Orly Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport were found on Azores Airlines (C$ 498) and TAP AIR PORTUGAL (C$ 592), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Lufthansa (C$ 618) and TAP AIR PORTUGAL (C$ 662). How long does a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Orly Airport take? This flight route requires at least one stop and takes a minimum of 10h 50m. Good to know Low season February High season September Cheapest flight C$ 322 Best time to beat the crowds (2% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 10% lower on average. Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Orly Airport When to book flights from Pearson Intl to Orly Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pearson Intl to Orly based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Orly Airport flights Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Orly Airport? We unfortunately don’t have that data for this specific route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Orly Airport? Star Alliance, oneworld, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between Toronto Pearson Airport and Paris Orly Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Orly Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Orly Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Orly Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Paris Orly Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Orly Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Paris Orly Airport with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Paris Orly Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Paris Orly Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to Orly See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Paris. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to Orly? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.8 LufthansaOverall score based on 29274 reviews 80overall 76entertainment 75food 80boarding 77comfort 84crew Airline reviews It never happened. How could you ask me to write a review of something you are not aware of never happened????Read more about Lufthansa It never happened. How could you ask me to write a review of something you are not aware of never happened???? Bread stale. Croissant stale. Person behind me was kicking me throughout flight. Boarding slow. So many minor delays, very little communication, and what there was, we couldn't even hear in the first place. Pros: "Very polite and helpful crew. Nice selection of movies in-flight" Cons: "Boarding was slow but they had increased number of wheelchair clients. Not their fault but was a known so the process could have been started earlier." Pros: "Service was good. Flight attendants were friendly" Cons: "The departure area at terminal 1 YYZ was crowded and not the most comfortable experience" Cons: "Not much legroom and no tv’s on a 10-hour flight" Pros: "everything from the boarding and check-in process to in flight comfort." Pros: "I liked that we got served a lot of snacks and food :)" Cons: "Nothing honestly! Smooth flight :)" Cons: "I miss my flight because of short layover from Texas to Pensacola. Why I haven’t notified before 1:27 min would not be enough for custom process" My seat was so uncomfortable, and the headrest was broken. Very very disappointing for the price I paid. Pros: "It was a decent train ride." Cons: "Stating it’s a train from the beginning and not having to go from one train station to another." Cons: "Advertised October Pink products but did not have them for breast cancer support" Cons: "the tray was broken and the water felt all over. the flight was 1 hr delayed. All of us stood the 1 hr waiting to know what's next. We could sit." Pros: "Fly was delayed.i was told my bag would go to end but it was not.instead of coming to the hotel 7pm i came 1am." Cons: "Explain me to take the bag on time.it was almost left in the airport." Pros: "The entertainment options were great." Cons: "Seats are so cramped. I'm 5'3" and could use either arm rest because both people on either side spilled into my seat." Pros: "The food selection and drinks, given our coach class, were excellent. Nice attention to the passengers." Pros: "I really liked my seat, but it was one of the only ones that didn't have a USB port." Cons: "See above. Overall, very nice experience." Pros: "The CDG airport is very bad in terms of finding your connections, the flight to CDG from LAX had a very old entertainment system and was hard to use." Cons: "My luggage was lost in Paris. Now I need to wait still." less delays; there was an hour+ delay on both flights. self serve check in kiosks weren't available for British Airways flights The flight was delayed multiple times. I had to buy a new tickets (4 tickets) for my family for a total of $5200 cnd And missed thanks giving with our family. Very very poor and disappointing service. Room on aircraft was nice main cabin. Interaction with cabin crew could of been nicer....only seen them once Incompetent crew at the boarding counter. Never flying AA again. Pros: "Air Crew was professional and polite - flight was quick and lasted less than 90 minutes in the air, was overall enjoyable" Cons: "Gate attendant was fairly rude (could be a result of holiday travel stress) - several travelers didn’t speak English fluently, and she would snap at them or roll her eyes they weren’t comprehending instructions. Boarded extremely early (almost an hour) but sat on tarmac for some time - eventually took off about 20 minutes late. Not airlines fault and likely result of holiday backlog Retrieving baggage from plane was biggest issue - use a carry on to but was required to valet bag as opposed to storing overhead. Baggage unloading was late (again, holiday backlog) but no personnel were available to inform passengers of delay, and bags were not in initial cart. Resulted a delay of offloading by roughly 20 minutes. Was ultimately found in the second wave of luggage, and witnessed baggage handlers tossing luggage carelessly onto cart floor. Nothing was damaged but was annoyed at lack of communication and overall disorganization." Pros: "The crew was amazing, and the duration of flight time was reasonable" Cons: "Comfort of the seat, space between seats" Pros: "No amazing crew, just average. The should airline should have follow through on a specific request, but the airline's computer wipes out such things." Cons: "Airlines should listen to the requests of the passengers." Cons: "The booking process. Went through a third party (ka$@k) and at the last minute was transferred to a cheap aggregator I had never heard of. Needless to say customer service was a joke. Plain fraud." Pros: "Fast boarding, flight relatively smooth, got to my destination pretty quickly as well." Pros: "The seat was comfortable and the flight attendant was very helpful with all the questions I had, thanks for the wonderful first time flying." Cons: "Nothing give a 10/10" Pros: "I didn’t like a thing. The crew from the gate all the way to the end was rude and nasty. The crew scanning people to get on the plane were so rude at the beginning it was the worst and I fly for my work and I’ll never fly TAP air Portugal again." Cons: "Train the staff to be nice and pleasant" Cons: "My wife and I paid for a better seat, (online) but when we boarded they told us that was impossible. They kept our money !!!" Pros: "NOTHING.....................TAP AIR PORTUGAL CANCELLED THE FLIGHT WITHOUT PREVIOUS NOTIFCATION. I HAD CHECKED IN ONLINE, HAD THE APP ON MY PHONE WITH MY MOBILE NUMBER AND EMAIL...................NO ONE ADVISED. i SHOW UP AT AIRPORT AND NO ONE TAKES RESPONSIBILITY..............DREADFUJL AIRLINES" Cons: "EVERYTHING...................THEY HAVE NO CUSTOMER SERVICE. THIS WAS FOR A BUSINESS CLASS TRAVEL.................JUST IMAGINE WHAT A NIGHTMAORE THIS WAS FOR ECONOMY TRAVELING PASSANGERS" Pros: "Fantastic crew, super comfortable seats, food was really good, boarding organized." Cons: "Nothing could have been better!" Pros: "Everything was on time" Cons: "Lots of hidden fees, horrible customer service, no flight entertainment available, seats were uncomfortable. Definitely would not recommend" Cons: "Checked bag fee was expensive at $120 per bag. For the two of us bags cost $240. The plane boarded late this departed and arrived late. Otherwise a very good flight. Very comfortable, all Amenities worked, the plane was clean and the staff accommodating." Pros: "Not much" Cons: "A modern airplane properly equipped with padded seats and provisioned with quality food. Charging outlets!!" Pros: "Mechanical delays leaving London, missed flight connection to New York, now TAP wants to charge me for rescheduling!" Cons: "The entertainment is very poor. The programs are not on demand and the screeen is old, small and very poor quality. The A330-200 I flew from Boston to Lisbon was excellent and had the new lie flat seats and on-demand entertainment. Big difference between the two airplanes." Pros: "Overall was ok gor a very cheap flight considering it is not a lowcoster." Cons: "Very incomfortable seats. Hardly reclign, no leg room. I am 5’8” and slim and it was tight." Cons: "The flight was fine, but the aircraft arrived 3 hours late. That’s a long wait." Pros: "Very smooth flight. Nice 787" Cons: "Very cramped no room to move. I can't believe the meals that were served. Very small portions. A slice of bread for breakfast. No butter just dry bread and coffee!!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I didn’t like anything about this flight, except that we arrived safely. I had the last seat, next to the toilet, and that container or whatever it is, was dirty. Every time someone flushed, I was bathed in the smell of urine. It was raining in Toronto; consequently, my checked bag was wet through. I’m glad I was coming home rather than arriving at a vacation destination, where all my stuff would’ve been wet. I’d like to see some effort put into keeping my bag dry. Also, the passengers had to slog through the rain to get on the plane!" Pros: "That we eventually got a flight home." Cons: "Being stuck in Boston and Ottawa for 2 extra days and adding around $1200 on to our trip in hotels alone (I was travelling with 4 kids on a school trip and my wife). Additionally, we didn’t find out the flights were cancelled until we arrived at the airport. Apparently, they had been cancelled 2 hours before but there was no notification. Air Canada offered no help whatsoever and the guy at the “service” desk in Boston literally said there was nothing he could do to help. Not even find a new flight. Spent 90 minutes on the phone trying to re-book, plus re-booking hotel along the way." Cons: "I want to seriously complain about Air Canada and Kayak booking systems. I reserved the tickets to Shanghai but there were no place reminding me that I need Canadian VISA to connect flights between two Canadian cities. I am a Chinese citizen who is working at USA and not allowed to change flights in Canada based on the newest government rules. However, in both booking systems, there is no reminders. In my opinion, either Kayak or Air Canada can add a simple checkbox to let the potential guest choose his or her nationality status, then this kind of trouble can be mitigated. We talked and called Air Canada people but no buying. They kept saying this is our responsibility. We bought United Airline tickets at the last minutes and cost us about $2,400 because we cannot wait to get back China to prepare our wedding ceremony and US Visa interview. We are very very disappointed with Air Canada and will keep complaining about this issue. As a service supplier, how cannot you think on behalf of a customer? The air company definitely knows more about government rules than a customer. We did have mistakes of not researching government rules. However, the biggest mistake was we trusted Air Canada and Kayak who we thought had taken care of those kind of issues for us. Thanks." Cons: "Our connecting flight from Toronto to Thunder Bay was cancelled. AC put us in a hotel for the night. Thanks for the $15 dinner voucher. Almost paid for the salad. Then we had to get up at 530am to get the 6am hotel shuttle in order to get back to airport for our 8am flight. They seem to always cancel the 9pm flight from Thunder Bay to Toronto because not full enough. And the last flight is over sold so we have to stay the night in Toronto. Then don't offer the 9pm flight. Passengers have other commitments in their life's. We don't need AC to just hold us over for the night because one of their flights is have empty." Cons: "There were too many things to mention, but I must say the customer service is not a strong point neither is a customer first mindset. The airlines apparent made several changes between my trip and I was threaten with additional bag fees when my ticket was very clear for two carry-ons and to checked bags, which also confirmed when I confirmed my seat request. After I was required to check my bags, I realized my earbuds were in the bag and the flight attendant did not give me a pair and actually told me I could purchase a pair...REALLY!I just did a 15 hour flight from Dubai, you were delayed by 2 hours on my last connecting flight and you can't comp a pair of .25 cent earbuds." Cons: "The flight attendant looked like she was drunk. The flight was overbooked and the boarding agent asked people to stay for a later flight. There was also a Air Canada crew member who looked like he was on standby for our flight, his last name was Campbell. Once we boarded the plane we noticed that the crew member had been given a seat on the plane, where a mother with three children that was also on standby had to stay for a later flight. Not sure how 1) you overbook a flight, and much less 2) give a seat to a crew member over a customer." Cons: "I wish Air Canada sent check-in emails for flights in as well as out. I didn't get a reminder check-in email when I was flying out and that worried me a bit that there may be something wrong with my reservation. It also irritated me that because I had booked my flight through Kayak and not Air Canada directly I was not able to make any changes to the reservation online - I had to call their reservation phone number (from another country) and be put on hold for 20 minutes (so needless to say it was an expensive phone call)." Pros: "The food I purchased was good (salad, cashews, and a glass of wine)...water was offered several times during the flight" Cons: "Cabin was hot, the passenger air controls did nothing to cool us, the staff kept the cabin lights on full, so it was difficult to nap or watch the movies/tv....the sound quality of the movie/tv is awful. My travel companion became ill during the flight (nausea, minor seizure, dizziness, hot, etc...), she did not consume any alcohol...she is 57, not old by any means ."sick bags" were not in the seat pocket, the crew barely got her one in time.....they did have her sit in the back of the plane, where it was cooler. It might have been a good idea to give her oxygen...upon landing, we were told that there would be a wheelchair at the gate (never appeared), and while we were waiting for it, the crew ignored us, only concerning themselves with the location of the nearest Starbucks in the terminal, then left us with a staff member who had no idea about the wheelchair, didn't give us any sort of ice pack. ....we finally just gave up and slowly and carefully walked to baggage claim" Lufthansa7.8 Air France7.4 American Airlines7.2 TAP AIR PORTUGAL7.2 Air Canada7.1 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Paris Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Paris found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 22/4Mon 1 stop 13h 15mYYZ-ORY C$ 237 Search 22/4Mon 1 stop 16h 50mYYZ-ORY C$ 253 Search 5/5Sun 2 stopsAzores Airlines 20h 15mYYZ-ORY C$ 367 Search 26/2Mon 2 stopsAzores Airlines 13h 45mYYZ-ORY C$ 380 Search 6/12Wed 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 29h 15mYYZ-ORY C$ 436 Search 6/12Wed 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 29h 15mYYZ-ORY C$ 438 Search 27/12Wed 2 stopsLufthansa 19h 25mYYZ-ORY C$ 514 Search 28/12Thu 2 stopsLufthansa 18h 25mYYZ-ORY C$ 516 Search 23/1Tue 2 stopsIberia 16h 43mYYZ-ORY C$ 546 Search 18/12Mon 2 stopsIberia 17h 00mYYZ-ORY C$ 557 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAzores AirlinesTAP AIR PORTUGALLufthansaIberia Search by priceC$ 250 or lessC$ 380 or lessC$ 440 or lessC$ 520 or lessC$ 560 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to Orly Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Paris that are departing in the next 10 days. 1/12Fri multi-stop 20h 45mYYZ-ORY 6/12Wed multi-stop 13h 45mORY-YYZ C$ 573 Search 4/12Mon multi-stop 17h 45mYYZ-ORY 8/12Fri multi-stop 20h 45mORY-YYZ C$ 600 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 18h 10mYYZ-ORY 1/2Thu multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 14h 10mORY-YYZ C$ 611 Search 5/12Tue multi-stop 12h 45mYYZ-ORY 8/12Fri multi-stop 20h 45mORY-YYZ C$ 618 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 18h 10mYYZ-ORY 1/2Thu multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 14h 10mORY-YYZ C$ 621 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAzores Airlines 13h 45mYYZ-ORY 1/2Thu multi-stopAzores Airlines 14h 50mORY-YYZ C$ 761 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopAzores Airlines 18h 35mYYZ-ORY 1/2Thu multi-stopAzores Airlines 19h 10mORY-YYZ C$ 792 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 35h 50mYYZ-ORY 8/12Fri multi-stopAir Canada 12h 10mORY-YYZ C$ 1,343 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopLufthansa 15h 00mYYZ-ORY 4/12Mon multi-stopLufthansa 12h 10mORY-YYZ C$ 1,457 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopLufthansa 15h 00mYYZ-ORY 4/12Mon multi-stopLufthansa 12h 10mORY-YYZ C$ 1,458 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTAP AIR PORTUGALAzores AirlinesAir CanadaLufthansa Search by priceC$ 600 or lessC$ 620 or lessC$ 760 or lessC$ 1,340 or lessC$ 1,460 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - Paris Orly Airport Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Destination: Paris Orly Airport (ORY)France Return flight deals: Paris Orly Airport - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Paris Business Class flights to Paris Prem Econ Class flights to Paris Economy Class flights to Paris Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 605Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Paris Orly Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » France » Paris » Paris Orly Airport C$ 605Flights to Paris Orly Airport, Paris Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Paris Orly Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Paris Orly Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Paris Orly Airport from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.