Cheap Flights from Calgary to Toronto Pearson from C$ 61 | (YYC - YYZ) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYC - YYZ Find cheap flights from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport from C$ 61 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 3/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Toronto Pearson Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Toronto. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Toronto. How much is the cheapest flight from Calgary to Pearson Intl?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Calgary to Pearson Intl that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:50 p.m. - 5:45 a.m.YYC-YYZ 3h 55mdirect 7:00 a.m. - 9:30 a.m.YYZ-YYC 4h 30mdirect C$ 86Flair Airlines Find Deal Sat, 3 Feb - Sun, 11 Feb 11:50 p.m. - 5:45 a.m.YYC-YYZ 3h 55mdirect 7:00 a.m. - 9:30 a.m.YYZ-YYC 4h 30mdirect C$ 94Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 9 Feb - Sun, 11 Feb 11:50 p.m. - 5:45 a.m.YYC-YYZ 3h 55mdirect 6:30 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.YYZ-YYC 4h 30mdirect C$ 95Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 2 Feb - Mon, 5 Feb 6:55 a.m. - 1:01 p.m.YYC-YYZ 4h 06mdirect 2:50 p.m. - 5:24 p.m.YYZ-YYC 4h 34mdirect C$ 142Lynx Air Find Deal Mon, 29 Jan - Wed, 31 Jan 12:35 a.m. - 6:40 a.m.YYC-YYZ 4h 05mdirect 2:50 p.m. - 5:24 p.m.YYZ-YYC 4h 34mdirect C$ 145Lynx Air Find Deal Sun, 21 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 11:55 p.m. - 5:50 a.m.YYC-YYZ 3h 55mdirect 9:35 p.m. - 11:40 p.m.YYZ-YYC 4h 05mdirect C$ 184Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 9 Jan - Thu, 11 Jan 6:00 a.m. - 11:55 a.m.YYC-YYZ 3h 55mdirect 2:45 p.m. - 5:10 p.m.YYZ-YYC 4h 25mdirect C$ 205Air Canada Find Deal Sat, 24 Feb - Tue, 27 Feb 2:20 p.m. - 8:15 p.m.YYC-YYZ 3h 55mdirect 2:45 p.m. - 8:49 p.m.YYZ-YYC 8h 04m1 stop C$ 223Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 16 Feb - Fri, 23 Feb 12:20 a.m. - 6:07 a.m.YYC-YYZ 3h 47mdirect 1:45 p.m. - 4:10 p.m.YYZ-YYC 4h 25mdirect C$ 225WestJet Find Deal Tue, 6 Feb - Tue, 20 Feb 2:20 p.m. - 8:15 p.m.YYC-YYZ 3h 55mdirect 2:45 p.m. - 8:49 p.m.YYZ-YYC 8h 04m1 stop C$ 265Porter Airlines Find Deal Wed, 7 Feb - Fri, 16 Feb Show more results Flights from Calgary to Pearson Intl - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Calgary to Pearson Intl to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport is April, where tickets cost C$ 163 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and December, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 385 and C$ 369 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 54 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Flair Airlines (C$ 61) and Lynx Air (C$ 87). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 117) and Lynx Air (C$ 193). Which airlines fly most frequently between Calgary and Toronto Pearson Airport? Air Canada connects Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport with up to 3 flights per day. WestJet also offers 3 flights per day, while Porter Airlines follows with 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly direct between Calgary and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. There are 5 airlines that fly direct from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport. They are: Air Canada, Flair Airlines, Lynx Air, Porter Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Flair Airlines at C$ 99. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Flair Airlines. How many flights are there between Calgary and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 17 nonstop flights that take off from Calgary and land in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, with an average flight time of 3h 55m. The most common departure time is 6:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 84 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 20% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Calgary and Toronto Pearson Intl Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport take? The average direct flight takes 3h 43m, covering a distance of 4,326 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Calgary at 12:14 am and will be landing in Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 6:20 am. What’s the latest departure time from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport jets off at 11:50 pm and lands at 5:45 am. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 61 Best time to beat the crowds (12% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (31% more expensive on average) Flight from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport When to book flights from Calgary to Pearson Intl Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Calgary to Pearson Intl based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport flights Can I park my car at Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYC)? Yes. The parkade is located adjacent to the terminal building and offers hourly and daily rates. The Value Park Lot is a few minutes from the terminal building and offers daily and weekly rates. The Economy Lot provides daily and weekly rates and is located off Airport Road. The Overflow Lot offers daily rates and is located just outside the airport. The daily rate for all lots is C$ 25. What are the transport options from YYZ to the city centre? The UP Express runs between Union Station in downtown Toronto and the airport, with stops in between. It takes approximately 25 minutes to travel from the airport to Union Station. Public buses are also available and provide a cost-effective way to travel between the airport and the city centre. The Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) offers bus routes between the airport and downtown. Taxis and ride-sharing services are also available. Taxis are available at the airport’s Ground Transportation Centre. Is it possible to fly nonstop from Calgary Airport to Toronto Pearson International Airport? Most of the flights to Toronto Pearson Airport from Calgary are nonstop, except for the few that have a layover at Edmonton. Booking flights with Air Canada and WestJet ensure travelers go directly to Toronto Pearson International. Which hotels are near Calgary Airport? With the option of top-rated hotels like Calgary Airport Marriott In-Terminal, the Westin, Delta Hotels by Marriott, Wyndham Garden, and Hilton Garden Inn hotels, visitors to Calgary can enjoy a relaxing stay at any of these airport hotels that also provide shuttle services to the facility. Can I find luggage storage facilities at Calgary Airport? Calgary Airport has a luggage storage area where you can leave your suitcases, hand luggage, or coats after they go through airport security. Can I leave my vehicle at Calgary Airport? Calgary Airport has secure long-term parking lots, the P1 and P2 lots, where you can leave your vehicle at an hourly rate of C$ 10. Travelers can also reserve parking space online at either the Economy Lot for around C$ 15 or the Overheight Lot for C$ 10 per hour. Which public transportation alternatives are there to Calgary Airport? Travelers leaving Downtown Calgary for Calgary Airport can use the Allied downtown shuttles, rideshares like Uber, the CTrain, airport buses, or taxis. Are there facilities for families at Toronto Pearson Airport? Kids can play various games at the children's playground in Terminal 1, while all family members can enjoy a dinosaur-themed exhibition in Terminal 1. Does Calgary Airport have VIP services? There are many well-trained VIP agents at Calgary International waiting to assist VIP guests in getting around the airport and any other services they may require during their time at the airport. Those who opt for the VIP services don’t have to endure the long lines on arrival. Which airports will I be using when flying from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport? Calgary airport is called Calgary and the only airport in Toronto Pearson Airport is Toronto Pearson Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route: Air Canada, Delta, KLM, United Airlines, WestJet, and WestJet Encore. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Calgary and Toronto Pearson Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport? There are direct flights from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Calgary to Toronto, WestJet or Porter Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Calgary to Toronto are WestJet and Porter Airlines. With an average price for the route of C$ 356 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Porter Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 374 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Toronto Pearson Airport from Calgary is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Toronto Pearson Airport with an airline and back to Calgary with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Toronto Pearson Airport from Calgary up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Calgary to Toronto Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 138 or less one-way and C$ 252 or less round-trip. Calgary International Airport (YYC) is around 11 km northeast of downtown Calgary. It offers flights to important Canadian and American cities and distant locations in South America, Europe, and Africa. The two most significant airlines in Canada, Air Canada and WestJet, have hubs at YYC. Many Albertan cities and villages, including Edmonton and Banff, are conveniently close. At Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ), two pet relief areas are located by Gate C44 in the Terminal 1 Departures area and at the International Departures area in Terminal 3. Pets should be taken to these areas and must be on a leash at all times. YYC has implemented several sustainable practices and initiatives. These include installing energy-efficient LED lighting, investing in renewable energy sources, reducing water usage through water-efficient fixtures, and introducing a waste reduction program. YYC also has a carbon offset program that offsets the carbon emissions from departing flights. Starting early in the morning, the route 300 express bus ferries travelers to Calgary Airport (YYC) from Calgary's downtown area. Taxis and shuttles to the airport are also available. WestJet and Air Canada depart Calgary Airport every day for Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ) in Canada. While nearly all WestJet planes fly to Toronto nonstop, several Air Canada flights make one layover at Edmonton before completing the Toronto Pearson trip. Waiting for a flight at Calgary Airport doesn’t have to be boring. Travelers have the option of enjoying some nice refreshments, watching TV, utilizing the complimentary Wi-Fi, and reading magazines. The Aspire lounge, situated at the International Terminal is accessible for C$ 30-60. Travelers who prefer driving themselves around Toronto have the option of getting a rental car from one of the car rentals at Toronto Pearson International Airport. The UP Express train is another great alternative that has travelers in the city within 25min. Taxis and rideshares are other convenient options. Several restaurants at Calgary Airport offer a wide variety of cuisines. Shops like Heritage Trading Post stock interesting products made by local artisans. Travelers can also grab a couple of local chocolates, among other treats, like maple syrup, sold onsite. You can also check out Calgary's Spaceport. Toronto Pearson Airport ensures that visually impaired travelers can easily find their way around the bustling airport using the Aira app. Those using hearing aids are issued with hearing loops to improve their hearing. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Calgary to Pearson Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Calgary to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Tuesday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Wednesday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +21 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +22 more 20 21 Thursday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Friday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +22 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +23 more 21 22 Saturday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Sunday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Toronto Pearson Intl to Calgary Search flights Monday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +21 more 19 20 Tuesday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Wednesday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +19 more 17 18 Thursday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Friday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Saturday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 Sunday Aer Lingus,Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more Aer Lingus,Aeromexico, +20 more 18 19 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Calgary to Pearson Intl See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Calgary to Toronto. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Calgary to Pearson Intl? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 77comfort 84crew 80overall 70entertainment 81boarding 71food Airline reviews Better legroom, but it’s expected in economy class. Otherwise great experienceRead more about WestJet Better legroom, but it’s expected in economy class. Otherwise great experience Cons: "Provide entertainment. Seats and legroom seem to get smaller every year" Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)" Pros: "An hour and 40 minute delay which would've made me miss my connection.bfortunately for me the next flight was delayed so with that and running through the airport to get from one gate to the other I made it... But stressful experience overall." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Delays should be fully disclosed from the start as opposed to rolling changes and stringing customers along . WestJet should have booked us on one of the 5 earlier flights to the same or nearby airports. At a minimum we should have received vouchers for dinner as we were delayed through meal times" Pros: "The flight was cancelled at the last minute I had to buy another flight with Air Canada that cost me double the price and i was stuck at the airport all day !!!! The Air Canada flight was at 6.30pm ,and the West Jet was suppose to leave at 11.30am" Cons: "I was told I had time to run to washroom before boarding, and 5 min later the boarding area was empty and I was locked out. Plane was ready to leave me because the guy at desk forgot to tell them I wasn’t there yet. Thankfully I was able to hunt someone down to let them know I was there." Cons: "For some reason, the return was in Hamilton not Toronto. Unfortunately, I noticed after I paid. Not sure why the flight wasn't from Toronto." Pros: "At least they flown us back home.." Cons: "Our flight to Toronto delayed by almost 3 hours and this was updated only 20 minutes before boarding, staff at checkin counter giving senseless excuses for the delay like crew members yet to come,weighing and balancing the baggage for fuel upload and even funny thing that captain just started his paper work for departure ( this is 2 hours after scheduled departure ). Did not offer any food coupons or any kind of compensation to anybody which created lot of inconvenience for travelers with young children..show some empathy Westjetters and operate like a professional carrier not like a curb side cab driver.." Pros: "Crew was great. Tea or coffee would have been nice. Having to pay for everything is ridiculous" Cons: "Three sets of crying children and parents who unable or reluctant to deal with them. Held everyone hostage." New jet. Lots of leg room. On time departure. Early arrival. Reasonable airfare. Excellent online experience. Porter uses the intelligent and logical way of boarding a plane - from the back. Nothing , two weeks of dealing with booking glitches on porters side , as our main international carrier was fine ,we were assured. When we got to check in everything would be smooth , we were confirmed there would be no issues, guess what happened? After an hour and a half at check inn we were told there was technical glitch involving payment we may not be able to fly , which would have set off a catastrophic chain , the undue stress on my family was unbearable . They really communicated well advised well in advance of a delay. Contacted to tell me it was almost time to go and to do a check in. Porter, like most airlines, need to improve their baggage policies. In reality, there are no longer 'cheap flights' because passengers pay exorbitant baggage fees. Cons: "Gate checked bags sent to baggage claim instead of given back at the gate safely because flight was 95 minutes late and they were in a hurry. Flight was 95 minutes late because of inability to balance weight. Spent 50 minutes on runway “burning fuel”. I will never fly Porter again." Cons: "I booked this flight on Kayak. No mention at booking that this airlines has a ludicrous policy of charging $50 for a carry on bag!....wow!...last flight ever on Porter." Cons: "Like mentioned previously, long delays, followed by a snafu in the boarding process forcing a manual check in of all passengers. net outcome: 1.5h delay. First experience counts, in my case it was a mediocre one." Pros: "I felt like I was taken advantage of by porter airlines" Cons: "They didn’t tell me I had to pay 110$ to bring on carry on luggage! Unacceptable. I will never fly porter again." Pros: "Thank you for using glasses and not plastic!!!!!!" Cons: "Wish I could fly them all the time. Really a great experience." Seats were comfortable. There were multiple delays in the flight. I ordered Vegan food, and they didn't bring it, and the pilot was horrible. he had difficulties with landing. They overbooked the flight and out myself and my friends on standby which created unnecessary stress for the next day and a half which ruined the end of our trip very smooth and easy check in very helpful staff only issue was my entertainment stopped working half way thru the flight Everything. Not only did our flight get cancelled. We also had to get off the plane and wait to get rebooked. Then sat another hour on the plane. My whole day was dated by 5 hours! Time I should have spent resting. I doubt I will fly with air Canada again! Cons: "it took a very long time for take off, and de freezing. That should have been done prior because it made our flight very late arriving in toronto" Cons: "More leg room in economy class seating. Very little recline of seats. It is torture flying on a Boeing 777 for 8 hours in economy." Pros: "The crew was pleasant and helpful" Cons: "No free snacks just drinks! Its a four hr flight. We left late due to slow boarding and they were slow to load baggage. The legroom is just too small for a flight over 2 hrs" Pros: "Considering the thousands of passengers who saw their flights cancelled because of the grounded 737 Max’s the fact that I was on hold for only 30 minutes and then got rerouted for the next day is amazing! Thank you Air Canada." Cons: "Seats are always a pain in the butt Wifi has never worked for me -slow and keeps dropping" Pros: "Early flight was not as crowded" Cons: "But was very busy just the same. Weather was poor" Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Calgary to Toronto Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Calgary to Toronto found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 3/2Sat directFlair Airlines 3h 55mYYC-YYZ C$ 45 Search 2/2Fri directFlair Airlines 3h 55mYYC-YYZ C$ 46 Search 18/1Thu directLynx Air 4h 05mYYC-YYZ C$ 64 Search 25/4Thu directLynx Air 3h 57mYYC-YYZ C$ 66 Search 1/2Thu directAir Canada 3h 55mYYC-YYZ C$ 91 Search 9/1Tue directPorter Airlines 3h 55mYYC-YYZ C$ 95 Search 30/1Tue directPorter Airlines 3h 55mYYC-YYZ C$ 96 Search 10/12Sun directWestJet 3h 53mYYC-YYZ C$ 103 Search 19/3Tue directWestJet 3h 53mYYC-YYZ C$ 104 Search 14/12Thu directAir Canada 3h 55mYYC-YYZ C$ 136 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesLynx AirAir CanadaPorter AirlinesWestJet Search by priceC$ 50 or lessC$ 70 or lessC$ 100 or lessC$ 100 or lessC$ 140 or less Last minute flights from Calgary to Pearson Intl Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Calgary to Toronto that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon directLynx Air 4h 06mYYC-YYZ 7/12Thu directLynx Air 4h 34mYYZ-YYC C$ 184 Search 3/12Sun directLynx Air 4h 06mYYC-YYZ 11/12Mon directLynx Air 4h 34mYYZ-YYC C$ 198 Search 4/12Mon directLynx Air 4h 06mYYC-YYZ 12/12Tue directLynx Air 4h 34mYYZ-YYC C$ 199 Search 3/12Sun direct 4h 06mYYC-YYZ 11/12Mon direct 4h 30mYYZ-YYC C$ 219 Search 5/12Tue direct 4h 06mYYC-YYZ 10/12Sun multi-stop 24h 57mYYZ-YYC C$ 230 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 3h 51mYYC-YYZ 12/12Tue directWestJet 4h 31mYYZ-YYC C$ 259 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 3h 53mYYC-YYZ 9/12Sat directWestJet 4h 29mYYZ-YYC C$ 276 Search 2/12Sat directFlair Airlines 3h 55mYYC-YYZ 6/12Wed multi-stopFlair Airlines 18h 30mYYZ-YYC C$ 282 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 3h 44mYYC-YYZ 10/12Sun directAir Canada 4h 08mYYZ-YYC C$ 317 Search 1/12Fri directAir Canada 3h 44mYYC-YYZ 10/12Sun directAir Canada 4h 08mYYZ-YYC C$ 372 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirWestJetFlair AirlinesAir Canada Search by priceC$ 200 or lessC$ 220 or lessC$ 260 or lessC$ 280 or lessC$ 370 or less Calgary - Toronto Pearson Airport Flights Departure: Calgary (YYC)Canada Destination: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Return flight deals: Toronto Pearson Airport - Calgary Cabin classes: C$ 1,568 First Class flights to Toronto C$ 1,359 Business Class flights to Toronto C$ 205 Prem Econ Class flights to Toronto C$ 134 Economy Class flights to Toronto Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Alberta » Calgary C$ 117Flights from Calgary to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 117Flights to Toronto Pearson Intl Airport, Toronto Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Victoria Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to Halifax Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Toronto Pearson Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Toronto Pearson Airport from Calgary. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Toronto Pearson Airport from Calgary. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.