Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita from $257 | (SFO - NRT) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - NRT Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport from $257 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/22. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Tokyo Narita Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Tokyo. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Tokyo. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Narita?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Narita that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:30 am - 1:15 pmSFO-NRT 36h 45m1 stop 7:05 pm - 9:15 pmNRT-SFO 19h 10m2 stops $567 Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sat, Jan 27 7:30 am - 1:15 pmSFO-NRT 36h 45m1 stop 7:05 pm - 9:15 pmNRT-SFO 19h 10m2 stops $569 Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Sat, Jan 27 7:30 am - 1:15 pmSFO-NRT 36h 45m1 stop 9:35 pm - 9:15 pmNRT-SFO 16h 40m2 stops $603 Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Sun, Jan 28 3:50 pm - 8:00 pmSFO-NRT 11h 10mnonstop 9:30 pm - 1:50 pmNRT-SFO 9h 20mnonstop $700ZIPAIR Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Sat, Jan 27 3:50 pm - 8:00 pmSFO-NRT 11h 10mnonstop 9:30 pm - 1:50 pmNRT-SFO 9h 20mnonstop $713ZIPAIR Find Deal Fri, Feb 2 - Fri, Feb 9 3:50 pm - 8:00 pmSFO-NRT 11h 10mnonstop 9:30 pm - 1:50 pmNRT-SFO 9h 20mnonstop $717ZIPAIR Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Wed, Jan 31 4:50 pm - 8:00 pmSFO-NRT 11h 10mnonstop 9:30 pm - 2:50 pmNRT-SFO 9h 20mnonstop $728ZIPAIR Find Deal Fri, Apr 5 - Sat, Apr 13 1:05 pm - 2:55 pmSFO-NRT 33h 50m2 stops 4:55 pm - 4:20 pmNRT-SFO 15h 25m1 stop $829Air Canada Find Deal Sun, Apr 21 - Fri, May 3 7:00 am - 2:55 pmSFO-NRT 15h 55m1 stop 4:55 pm - 4:20 pmNRT-SFO 15h 25m1 stop $837Air Canada Find Deal Mon, May 20 - Fri, Jun 14 6:48 pm - 4:05 pmSFO-NRT 28h 17m2 stops 6:55 pm - 5:28 pmNRT-SFO 15h 33m1 stop $838Air Canada Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Thu, Jan 25 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Narita - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Narita to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport is September, where tickets cost $852 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,549 and $1,405 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 19 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, ZIPAIR offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $354. KAYAK users also found San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport round-trip flights on ZIPAIR from $700 and on Air Canada from $829. Which airlines fly most frequently between San Francisco and Tokyo Narita Airport? ANA connects San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport with up to 2 flights per day. Japan Airlines also offers 2 flights per day, while United Airlines follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Francisco and Tokyo Narita Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport. They are: ANA, Japan Airlines, United Airlines and ZIPAIR. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with ZIPAIR at $548 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at ZIPAIR. How many flights are there between San Francisco and Tokyo Narita Airport per day? Each day, there are between 5 and 6 nonstop flights that take off from San Francisco and land in Tokyo Narita Airport, with an average flight time of 11h 18m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 41 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 15% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and Tokyo Narita Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport take? The average nonstop flight takes 11h 10m, covering a distance of 5,109 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Francisco at 10:50 am and will be landing in Tokyo Narita Airport at 3:10 pm. What’s the latest departure time from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport jets off at 3:50 pm and lands at 8:00 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $257 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 2% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 8% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport When to book flights from San Francisco to Narita Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Narita based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport flights Are there hotels near Narita International Airport (NRT)? If you are feeling worn out after your flight from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport, check-in at the Nine Hours Narita Airport hotel ideally situated at Terminal 2 of Narita Airport. The hotel features capsule rooms with comfy mattresses. You may also retreat to Hotel Nikko Narita and ANA Crowne Plaza Narita both a few minutes from the airport. They also offer complimentary airport shuttles. How can I get to Tokyo from NRT? There are several public transit alternatives from NRT to the city center. Tokyo Narita Airport is served by a number of train lines. From the Airport Terminal 2 train station, you may take the Narita Express train. Also, you may choose the Keisei Skyliner to Nippori and then transfer to Keihin-Tohoku Line or Yamanote Line to get to Tokyo Station. Buses via Tokyo Station Nihonbashi Exit are also available from the Arrivals of Terminal 1 and the Main Building of Terminal 2. If you have luggage, then choose taxis. Does NRT offer any family services? Nursing booths equipped with diaper-changing tables, hot-water dispensers, and cots are accessible throughout the airport terminals. You can also rent baby strollers for free at any information desk. Let your children burn out some energy at the kid’s play areas at Terminal 1 Airside and the Main Building of Terminal 2. Does San Francisco International Airport offer accessible services? San Francisco Airport features resources for its disabled customers. The airport has designated disabled parking facilities next to elevator lobbies in its parking garages. There is also a visual paging system as well as accessible washrooms throughout the airport. For easy mobility, curb ramps are found in all public areas of the airport. When making flight reservations, request a wheelchair. Is there a hotel in SFO Airport if my flight gets delayed for a long time? Grand Hyatt is a luxurious on-site airport hotel located right by the airport's main entrance; the hotel has 351 soundproof rooms. If your flight gets delayed for more than a few hours, you can book an accommodation at this luxurious hotel. Are their pet services available at SFO Airport? There are animal-relief areas available at the San Francisco airport, including drinking areas and garbage areas. Animals are also allowed in the AirTrains that transport travelers to their terminal. Be aware that escalators and walkways are not safe for animals, so make sure to carry your pet, walk with them, or transport them in a kennel. Use elevators when necessary. How do I transfer to the terminals at SFO Airport? You can use AirTrain to get to your terminal at SFO. AirTrain provides a convenient train system for travelers to get from one terminal to the next. There are two lines that comprise SFO’s AirTrain system. What services for traveling families are available at SFO Airport? There are customized airport concierge services that include meeting and assisting families who are arriving, departing, and connecting to another flight. There is also baggage assistance provided to traveling families. Car-seat rentals are also offered with the help of the Airport Travel Agency. Nurseries are available in Terminal 1, Terminal 2, Terminal 3, the International Terminal Main Hall, and the International Terminal's G gates at SFO Airport. Which airlines provide flights from San Francisco to Tokyo? Japan Airlines, Air Canada, Asiana Airlines, Cathay Pacific, and United Airlines provide flights to Tokyo/Narita Airport. Furthermore, Japan Airlines and United Airlines provide non-stop flights to Narita Airport. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Tokyo Narita Airport? A passport is required to fly from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport. Which airports will I be using when flying from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? San Francisco airport is called San Francisco and the only airport in Tokyo Narita Airport is Tokyo Narita. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? Asiana Airlines, Japan Airlines, and American Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? The Boeing 777 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between San Francisco and Tokyo Narita Airport, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? There are nonstop flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo, Hawaiian Airlines or China Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo are Hawaiian Airlines and China Airlines. With an average price for the route of $974 and an overall rating of 8.1, Hawaiian Airlines is the most popular choice. China Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,049 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Tokyo Narita Airport from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Tokyo Narita Airport with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and NRT can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Tokyo Narita Airport from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to Tokyo Narita Airport Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $406 or less one-way and $809 or less round-trip. You will need Yen once you arrive at Tokyo Narita Airport for transport, food, hotels, and other miscellaneous expenses. Exchange your dollars for Yens at the currency exchange machines in SFO at Boarding Area F of Terminal 3 and the pre-security and post-security areas of the International Terminal. Single-stop flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport are more sustainable with roughly 5,533 kg of carbon being released per person. If you want to fly sustainably, choose airlines Air Canada, United Airlines, or Japan Airlines. These airlines are eco-friendlier releasing 55%, 48%, and 47% less carbon. Most of the flights to Tokyo Narita Airport have at least one layover. Common stops include Los Angeles International Airport (LAS) and Daniel K. Inouye International Airport (HNL). Moreover, these flights are more economical than direct flights. Stay on top of your to-do list at TripTel Business Center in San Francisco International Airport’s Main Hall of the International Terminal. The center is equipped with amenities such as internet access, mobile phone rentals, as well as fax and copying services for business travelers’ needs. Are you an art enthusiast? Art installations at Tokyo Narita International Airport will enliven your travel experience. The Mini Gallery of Japanese Art showcasing masterpieces of Japanese art, the Blue Sky East sculpture, and the Universe stained glass work make NRT look vibrant. You can book your parking at SFO Airport 2h in advance. For long-term parking, the rates are $2 per 15min or around $25 per 24h. For international and hourly parking, the cost is around $36 per 24h. If you’re looking for a facility at SFO Airport in which to freshen up or even take a shower, you can find suitable facilities with showers called “Freshen Up!” They are located in the International Terminal on the Departures/ticketing level near Gates G1-G14. If you’re looking for a quiet place to relax, meditate, or read in SFO Airport, you can visit the “Christian Science Reading Room,” which is located in Terminal 2 near the entrance to Gates C1-C11. If you are waiting to board a flight at SFO with children, your children can visit three special children’s spots. The first is an interactive exploration area with weather exhibits, located in Terminal 3 near Gate F18. The second is another interactive play area in Terminal 2 near Gate D7 and Gate D15. The third is an interactive exploration area for children, featuring an artistic display of lighted circles and spiraling patterns (it’s called “Spirogyrate”); this children's area is in Terminal 3 near Gate E7. For your convenience, Narita Airport (NRT) in Tokyo provides a luggage service, which allows you to have your baggage sent to a hotel or residence in advance. You can even have your baggage sent to the airport at the conclusion of your trip. All you have to do is contact the home-delivery counter at Narita Airport. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita? Find which airlines fly direct from San Francisco to Narita, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Search Flights Monday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Thursday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Friday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Saturday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Sunday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Tokyo Narita to San Francisco Search Flights Monday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Tuesday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Wednesday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Thursday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Friday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Saturday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +4 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +5 more 3 4 Sunday ANA, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +3 more ANA, Alaska Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Narita See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Tokyo. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Narita? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 9.2 STARLUX AirlinesOverall score based on 42 reviews 92overall 94crew 90food 93entertainment 91boarding 92comfort Airline reviews First time on Starlux. I was impressed. Very eager to assist flight crew First time on Starlux. I was impressed. Very eager to assist flight crew Premium Economy on Starlux- a worthwhile way to cross the Pacific. This is a great premium economy experience. The seats are comfortable, wide and provide decent foot rests. The seatback TV is large, high resolution and plenty of content. Bluetooth connection for your headset and control from your phone is available. Food was decent and in line with the cabin class. The seat could be improved by providing more lower leg support especially for taller guests (6ft myself). Cabin crew will be moving up and down the aisle a lot since the galley is in front. Screen size was nice. No vent when hot, food was not good Wish plane type had more restrooms… Care and consideration from stewards and stewardesses was so great Pros: "The crew was friendly, the flight went smoothly overall." Cons: "I tried to request a vegan meal ahead of time but Hawaiian Airlines only offers special meal requests for international flights, which was very disappointing." Cons: "My surfboard bag was ripped and all straps were broken and was then patched up with duct tape!!! What the F#€*?!! It looked like it fell off the plane and was run over. Plus my bike box was torn to bits and patched with duct tape and was cut open by someone’s knife, I ended up loosing bike parts because of this. Horrible bag handling by the crew!! This was all noticed when I picked up my bags in Auckland" Cons: "There should have been movie/tv options that were free!" Cons: "Seats selected at booking were reassigned to back of the plane.We were traveling with another couple, their reassigned seats were not near us. Very disappointing" Pros: "Nice crew, comfortable seat, good temperature." Cons: "Appreciated the complimentary sandwich but since I am vegetarian had to pull the meat out and basically eat a cheese sandwich. Poor selection of "free" movies - just ended up reading." Pros: "Crew was so nice, flight was easy, quick and smooth, and the whole thing was just enjoyable!" Cons: "Everything was great!" Pros: "Food was better than most domestic airlines. Seats were large enough for comfortability during a long flight. Seats against walls still recline." Cons: "Domestically, infotainment, headphones, blankets, and most drinks cost money. Can't pick seats online for international flights, so we're stuck with whatever is leftover. Planes not particularly clean; lots of crevices with years of debris." Pros: "The flight crew was very friendly. The complimentary beverage and snack service were outstanding. They kept on coming up and down the aisles with water bottles to refill water. It was the easiest flight to stay hydrated on that I have ever been on." Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "Boarding didn’t take too long and seats were comfortable." Cons: "WiFi on plane would be awesome!" Cons: "Online check in and Check in terminals at airport didn’t work" Cons: "It is just a long flight and the middle economy seats are what they are." Pros: "Great check-in with Weimao, if I remember right. Got through security fairly quickly. Boarding was fine, a long way to the back . . ." Cons: "The worst earphones I’ve ever used. They fell out at least 100 times while trying to watch Dumbo. There seemed to be reasonably good programming, but I wasn’t going to continue with those earphones. My ears were sore after trying many ways to get them to stay in my ears." Pros: "The ability to select a special meal ahead of time. Meal selection out of the US was better than coming from oversea into the US." Cons: "Seating can always be made more comfortable." Cons: "There was no provision for vegetarian food in the flight" Pros: "Very standard flight overall, but was mostly impressed with how hard they worked to get me a veggie meal when it was not in the system. The staff was super accomodating and very friendly. I had read a lot of things about them losing bags, so I was nervous. Mine came through very quickly from Hong Kong to Tokyo, and I had a stop in between." Cons: "Flight was delayed and it was not mentioned until past boarding time." Cons: "The armrests don’t go up. Huge problem for kids trying to sleep on an overnight flight!" Pros: "Entertainment device is updated and good" Cons: "Staff at SFO was a little bit loud and mean when they asked the customers to line up—like in zone 1/2 boarding process." Pros: "Crew was friendly and attentive. Wide range of entertainment to choose from." Cons: "Boarding was done half the plane each, so I stood in line waiting to board for a long time. I also had the middle seat, which was uncomfortable for sleeping. I would upgrade for a window seat next time. There were only meat options for the food, and no main courses for vegetarians." Pros: "I like the boarding because they went by zone. I also like the food and drink that was provided." Cons: "I didn't like the restroom it was too small to go number 2 in." Pros: "traveling with a child on long haul CI's family couch is the top choice." Cons: "none." Wider seats would be nice. Love the wine selection. Crew is superb. Need more movie / TV selections. check-in at sydney was a bit disorganized. one well-dressed woman appeared to be in charge, staring at others who were not ready and checking in passengers. one person at business class check-in, was sarcastic and only mentioned the gate assignment, no bother to mention the lounge access etc... the crew on board was stellar. so polite, helpful and respectful. the meals were great, endless beverages, and the a350 is spectacular with the seat/bed, amenity kit, television, bedding, headphones. first time flying fiji airways- honolulu- fiji-sydney, and sydney-fiji-los angeles, all in business class. their fares are much more affordable than other carriers. hopefully, one day, they will use a widebody aircraft from honolulu- fiji, since it is a nearly 7-hour flight and the 737-max 8, although comfortable, would be better with a widebody plane. Excellent service all staff where very friendly patient and efficient solved a boarding problem for me due to me not being able to access the visa portal for the USA. The Plane is spectacular. Immaculately clean like showroom clean. Beautiful interior etc etc. However it took 45 minutes for the first drink to come out and nearly two hours for dinner to be served. On a flight that took off at 10.45 that is not fun. I actually fell asleep eating my main course. The food is just OK. Really needs work. Drinks where tiny pours so constantly needing filling up. The new where very very sweet people but there was this air of confusion about them. As if it was their first flight. It didn't install confidence in me if there was an emergency. I actually flew on to Sydney with the airline on the same plane and the crew where totally all over it!! Super on the ball, so I may have just got an inexperienced crew? Pros: "The aircraft is very new and comfortable! The boarding is orderly and well managed" Cons: "Free wifi onboard!" Pros: "The people were great! And it was a smooth ride." Cons: "The seats are very uncomfortable. I could not get comfortable and my tailbone just ached. I tried sitting on a pillow, but that did not help. And the cabin was too cold for me." Pros: "Good service, friendly staff, comfortable seats" Cons: "Boarding in Fiji was hectic, several searches and interruptions in line from staff who had trouble communicating" Pros: "The crew was amazing! The seats in a business class were very uncomfortable." Cons: "It’s hard to compare after my recent flight on Emirates which was superb." Pros: "Pillow and blanket provided!" Cons: "Flight attendants spoke very loudly during times when most passengers were sleeping, waking everyone around. A personal water bottle would have been nice." Pros: "Efficient crew and boarding." Cons: "Hard to see movies overhead due to brightness of cabin." Cons: ". I was shocked to see social distancing was not implemented with no seats apart and I was in the middle of four seats. If the journey is as important as the destination, then it already failed the minute I was seated in a very intimate setting alongside strangers and seeing the economy class fully booked. The airline defended this by saying they have special economy seats but I complained that this is not equitable since the seats are limited and not everyone could afford an upgrade. Even if they could, the passengers would still be seated side by side and the total number of passengers aboard a tight and enclosed space or load factor is still very high. The airline’s policy was so inconsistent with the very rigid rules of the different government agencies upon disembarkation." Pros: "Yes, the crew were amazing.. since I was booked In the economy class, it was not that comfortable but good enough." Cons: "There are not much choice for food aside from the usual that come from the airline catering service." Cons: "No movies, seats were hard , could have used more beverages." Pros: "I particularly admire the free media entertainment options and quality of the meals served!" Cons: "I was seated in the middle of the cabin, where it is rows of four seats, and the way the space under the seats in front of them were divided caused there to only be three separate and staggered places to put carry-on bags. With all four of us in my row needing to put bags under there, it was dicey." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and attentive, movie and tv options were great." Cons: "I appreciated that I was given a gluten free meal but one side was hot and the other side was slightly cold still. I am not sure how that could be possible, but it was my experience on that flight." Cons: "Stellar service from check-in especially cabin staff was on point. Thank you PAL" Pros: "I loved the space in Business class. It was comfortable and great for sleeping." Cons: "The movies in the entertainment system were boring and the food fell short of what I would expect from business class." Pros: "Lots of space and warm, soft, pillows and blankets." Cons: "My entertainment remote didn’t work and they ran out of mango juice and the bangus." Pros: "Some of the crew are really friendly and accommodating." Cons: "Space was very tight. I can’t imagine how the tall people can fit." Pros: "Flights to Manila and Denpasar were fine." Cons: "During the long 15hour layover to Bali, lunch and dinner vouchers were provided as long as you stay in the terminal. However, if you decide to leave the terminal, you had to relinquish the vouchers. No access was given to use the Mabuhay lounge and there’s not much options for rest or entertainment at Terminal 2." STARLUX Airlines9.2 Hawaiian Airlines8.1 China Airlines7.9 Fiji Airways7.6 Philippine Airlines7.3 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Tokyo found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/22Mon 2 stops 35h 05mSFO-NRT $257 Search 1/22Mon 1 stop 36h 45mSFO-NRT $265 Search 1/1Mon nonstopZIPAIR 11h 10mSFO-NRT $354 Search 1/17Wed nonstopZIPAIR 11h 10mSFO-NRT $357 Search 4/8Mon 1 stopChina Airlines 20h 10mSFO-NRT $546 Search 4/14Sun 1 stopChina Airlines 24h 45mSFO-NRT $564 Search 4/17Wed 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 38h 50mSFO-NRT $596 Search 12/9Sat 2 stopsAir Canada 28h 34mSFO-NRT $614 Search 2/7Wed 2 stopsAir Canada 28h 17mSFO-NRT $633 Search 1/31Wed 1 stopHawaiian Airlines 39h 30mSFO-NRT $641 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineZIPAIRChina AirlinesHawaiian AirlinesAir Canada Search by price$270 or less$360 or less$560 or less$610 or less$640 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Narita Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri nonstopZIPAIR 11h 20mSFO-NRT 1/31Wed nonstopZIPAIR 9h 20mNRT-SFO $713 Search 12/1Fri nonstopZIPAIR 11h 20mSFO-NRT 12/8Fri nonstopZIPAIR 9h 10mNRT-SFO $717 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopCathay Pacific 22h 15mSFO-NRT 12/11Mon multi-stopCathay Pacific 29h 15mNRT-SFO $850 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopCathay Pacific 22h 15mSFO-NRT 12/11Mon multi-stopCathay Pacific 22h 55mNRT-SFO $866 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAir Canada 17h 05mSFO-NRT 12/11Mon multi-stopAir Canada 14h 30mNRT-SFO $868 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAir Canada 17h 05mSFO-NRT 12/11Mon multi-stopAir Canada 14h 30mNRT-SFO $869 Search 12/5Tue nonstopANA 11h 20mSFO-NRT 12/14Thu nonstopANA 9h 15mNRT-SFO $1,249 Search 12/3Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 11h 20mSFO-NRT 12/20Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 9h 20mNRT-SFO $1,258 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 23h 33mSFO-NRT 12/14Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 9h 15mNRT-SFO $1,263 Search 12/3Sun nonstopANA 11h 20mSFO-NRT 12/16Sat nonstopANA 9h 20mNRT-SFO $1,316 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineZIPAIRCathay PacificAir CanadaANAUnited Airlines Search by price$720 or less$870 or less$870 or less$1,260 or less$1,320 or less San Francisco - Tokyo Narita Airport Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: Tokyo Narita Airport (NRT)Japan Return flight deals: Tokyo Narita Airport - San Francisco Cabin classes: First Class flights to Tokyo $1,949 Business Class flights to Tokyo $2,204 Prem Econ Class flights to Tokyo $710 Economy Class flights to Tokyo Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $567Flights from San Francisco to Tokyo Narita Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Japan » Tokyo » Tokyo Narita Airport $567Flights to Tokyo Narita Airport, Tokyo Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Tokyo Narita Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Tokyo Narita Airport from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Tokyo Narita Airport from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.