Cheap Flights from New York LaGuardia to Atlanta from $19 | (LGA - ATL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LGA - ATL Find cheap flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta from $19 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/17. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Atlanta These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Atlanta. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Atlanta. How much is the cheapest flight from New York to Atlanta?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from New York to Atlanta that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:59 am - 1:47 pmLGA-ATL 2h 48mnonstop 7:45 am - 9:58 amATL-LGA 2h 13mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Wed, Feb 7 - Wed, Feb 14 10:59 am - 1:47 pmLGA-ATL 2h 48mnonstop 7:45 am - 9:58 amATL-LGA 2h 13mnonstop $39Frontier Find Deal Wed, Feb 7 - Wed, Feb 14 10:50 am - 1:38 pmLGA-ATL 2h 48mnonstop 7:47 am - 10:00 amATL-LGA 2h 13mnonstop $40Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Wed, Jan 24 10:50 am - 1:38 pmLGA-ATL 2h 48mnonstop 6:35 am - 9:00 amATL-LGA 2h 25mnonstop $57 Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sun, Jan 14 8:52 am - 11:32 amLGA-ATL 2h 40mnonstop 7:47 am - 10:00 amATL-LGA 2h 13mnonstop $59 Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Tue, Jan 9 2:30 pm - 5:10 pmLGA-ATL 2h 40mnonstop 6:35 am - 9:00 amATL-LGA 2h 25mnonstop $68Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Wed, Jan 17 2:59 pm - 11:26 pmLGA-ATL 8h 27m1 stop 5:35 am - 8:00 amATL-LGA 2h 25mnonstop $74Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 1:15 pm - 3:56 pmLGA-ATL 2h 41mnonstop 11:54 am - 2:00 pmATL-LGA 2h 06mnonstop $153JetBlue Find Deal Thu, Jan 4 - Fri, Jan 12 8:00 pm - 10:51 pmLGA-ATL 2h 51mnonstop 4:30 pm - 6:45 pmATL-LGA 2h 15mnonstop $158Delta Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Mon, Dec 18 8:00 am - 10:49 amLGA-ATL 2h 49mnonstop 5:30 pm - 8:00 pmATL-LGA 2h 30mnonstop $169Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 5 - Fri, Jul 5 Show more results Flights from New York to Atlanta - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from New York to Atlanta to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta is January, where tickets cost $182 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and November, where the average cost of tickets is $295 and $278 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 38 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta were found on Frontier ($38) and Spirit Airlines ($68). Frontier proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $19. Which airlines fly most frequently between New York LaGuardia Airport and Atlanta? Delta connects New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta with up to 12 flights per day. JetBlue also offers 2 flights per day, while Southwest follows with 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between New York LaGuardia Airport and Atlanta? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta. They are: Delta, Frontier, JetBlue, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $57 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between New York LaGuardia Airport and Atlanta per day? Each day, there are between 12 and 20 nonstop flights that take off from New York LaGuardia Airport and land in Atlanta, with an average flight time of 2h 45m. The most common departure time is 12:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 124 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Wednesday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Saturday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York LaGuardia Airport and Atlanta? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta take? Direct flights take on average 2h 38m to travel the 760 miles between New York LaGuardia Airport and Atlanta. What’s the earliest departure time from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York LaGuardia Airport at 6:00 am and will be landing in Atlanta at 8:43 am. What’s the latest departure time from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta jets off at 9:10 pm and lands at 11:59 pm. Good to know Low season February High season August Cheapest flight $19 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 8% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 19% lower on average. Flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta When to book flights from New York to Atlanta Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from New York to Atlanta based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta flights What is the best means of transport to the city center from ATL? A station on the MARTA rail line may be found near the westernmost portion of the Atlanta Airport. You will arrive downtown after a brief 20min trip. Are there rental car services at ATL? You will discover that the rental facility for the airport is located just a few minutes from the airport, and it is quite convenient to get there using the SkyTrain. The SkyTrain is an automated electric rail that runs between many places inside the airport, including the main terminal, the rental center, and the parking lot. You may also use the International Terminal Shuttle, which runs every 15min and will transport you straight to the city's core. Are there hotels near LGA? The well-known LaGuardia Plaza Hotel is a 3.5-star business that offers complimentary shuttle service to and from the airport and offers guests a choice between two different dining choices. In addition, the hotel is located close to the airport. There is just a quarter of a mile that separates you from the LaGuardia Airport (LGA). Does LGA have parking services? At LaGuardia Airport, the parking lot is available around the clock, seven days a week. When it comes to paying for parking, every lot provides clients with several different payment options from which they may choose the method that works best for them. All prices include any taxes as well as any service fees that could be applicable. A free shuttle bus service links all the terminals at the airport to the parking lots. This service is available at the airport. Do I need a passport to fly between New York LaGuardia Airport and Atlanta? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airports will I be using when flying from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? On your way to Atlanta, you’ll fly out from New York LaGuardia. You’ll be landing at Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? JetBlue, American Airlines, Delta, Alaska Airlines, and Cape Air offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between New York LaGuardia Airport and Atlanta. On which days can I fly direct from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? There are nonstop flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to Atlanta, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to Atlanta are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $208 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $328 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Atlanta from New York LaGuardia Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Atlanta with an airline and back to New York LaGuardia Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between New York LaGuardia Airport and ATL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Atlanta from New York LaGuardia Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LGA to Atlanta Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $100 or less one-way and $161 or less round-trip. There are many different Priority Pass choices, an American Airlines Admirals Club, a United Club, an Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge, and an American Express Centurion Lounge located in the brand renovated Terminal B at the LaGuardia airport. The four terminals of LaGuardia Airport (LGA) are home to seven lactation rooms, including one dedicated and large Nursing Room and six Mamava nursing pods designed to accommodate breastfeeding and breast-pumping mothers traveling. After the security checkpoint, the primary lactation room may be found at Terminal B, next to Gate 47. At each airport, there are designated spaces for service animals and pets to relieve themselves before and after going through security. If you need more information, you may search for signs in the locations where luggage is claimed or speak with a Customer Care Representative. At Terminal A, there are no pet relief places or spaces for service animals to relieve themselves beyond the security checks. If you need money, you can access the ATM Located in the leading domestic terminal of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL). Other 15 automated teller machines are spread across the domestic and international concourses. If you are a person with a disability, you can access the wheelchair services table at ATL Airport. After you have booked your ticket, you may go to the "My Trips" section of the website to request this wheelchair service. Notify a representative of Delta that you need wheelchair service to your departure gate as soon as you arrive at the airport and ask for their assistance. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York LaGuardia to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson? Find which airlines fly direct from LaGuardia to Hartsfield-Jackson, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York LaGuardia to Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson to New York LaGuardia Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +9 more Aeromexico, Air France, +10 more 8 9 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from New York to Atlanta See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to Atlanta. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from New York to Atlanta? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14219 reviews 80entertainment 86overall 87boarding 84comfort 90crew 78food Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was amazing and helpful, the plain was clean and pleasant flight" Pros: "The crew was amazing and helpful, the plain was clean and pleasant flight" Pros: "Crew went above and beyond!" Cons: "I still don’t like not having an assigned seat." Pros: "I almost got a chance to sleep." Cons: "One of the people with a crying baby in the seat behind me decided to sit in the seat next to me. I just wanted to sleep. It was a miserable experience for me." Pros: "The crew was great and the flight was OK...there were some bumps along the way." Cons: "The seat could have been a bit more comfortable." Cons: "We sat at the gate for nearly 2 1/2 hours after boarding flight Atlanta to Orlando! Very poor explanation and it was very hot on the airplane!" Pros: "Crew was funny and had a sense of humor, especially regarding the safety instructions." Cons: "Free Wifi. Paying for it is silly as ticket prices are expensive anyways." Pros: "I was really comfortable and pleased with the amenities. Free WiFi chat and movies." Cons: "Nothing! I’ll be choosing Southwest as my primary airline now." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "If there’s a “medical emergency” at the gate, 20 minutes BEFORE we board, maybe don’t let the person board before everyone else, then proceed with the medical evaluation and subsequent escorting the person back off the flight. Someone should’ve known that that person wasn’t fit for a cross country" Cons: "The window blind was busted so I wasn’t able to close it" Pros: "The wifi" Cons: "There was no food service due to turbulence so that wasn’t good besides that everything else was good!" Cons: "My luggage was torn and half of my stuff is missing from my bag" Pros: "Crew was courteous and gave constant updates in regards to any delays." Cons: "Flight was delayed and there was congestion prior to take off. Not sure there was anything that could’ve been done." Pros: "The crew was ok." Cons: "We wait too much, at least someone should have told the reasons for the waiting." Cons: "1. Getting checked-in and a seat assignment, with my initial check-in with Iceland Air. 2. Getting a seat assignment before I arrived at the departure gate. 3. Having a Jet Blue employee at the baggage re-check counter." Cons: "The planes are incredibly outdated. The flight was delayed due to maintenance issues and I see why! The life vests under the seat were falling down and sliding all around the floor. It was a mess." Pros: "Leg room and tv" Cons: "Increased cost of luggage, snacks , and perhaps a little more info about the flight delay" Pros: "Great service. Also loved the size of the seats and the leg room that I had." Pros: "Free unlimited snacks! Lots of leg room" Cons: "No safety video. Airport terminal was very small and stuffy. Security line was long" Pros: "spacious seats and very comfortable as well. easy boarding" Cons: "a little too cold on the plane from FLL to Atlanta" Pros: "Boarding was a bit delayed in the beginning but back on time very quickly, seat comfort and legroom was great. Loved that I got a full sized can of soda, that's always fantastic and snacks were fine." Cons: "My Seat 23D had a defective TV, so it was flashing on and off constantly throughout the whole flight, usually I don't have an issue with the entertainment because I like to sleep during flights, but due to some turbulence I was awake for part of the flight. Unfortunately with the flashing TV it gave me pretty bad nausea to the point of wanting to vomit, this is the first time I've experienced anything like this on a plane, was definitely looking forward to landing so I didn't have this nauseating feeling anymore. I have a video of the issue if anyone at Jetblue was interested in seeing. It was flight 499 from LGA to Orlando on 9-16-18. Thanks." Pros: "crew was fine" Cons: "terrible space/legroom. Very cramped tray table, couldn't fit laptop on it. Made me check my carry on bag. not even gate check, checked to baggage claim. Yet there was still overhead space once I got on. Lots of . overbooking - should never happen in this day and age. Delta does not deserve its "#1" rating. The rating system seems biased. Probably paid off by delta. Southwest is way better for economy class." Pros: "The crew was fantastic. The seats were very comfortable and the entertainment screen functioned perfectly with a great selection of things to watch." Cons: "The boarding process seems slightly longer for delta than other airlines. I figure you’re aware of this and are working on streamlining this. Further while the safety animation yo have made is cute is a little confusing at times." Pros: "Crew was good. As always not enough leg room if you are taller. Resent having to pay extra for more leg room." Pros: "Crew was great as always. Friendly and professional" Cons: "We had a delay that complicated our getting home but all ended up OK" Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Somehow they didn’t serve snacks and drinks, I’ve been being thirsty and hungry, at the last 30mns I felt like I wanna throw up. We landed around 30mns ago and now no gates ready for us to get out of here. Still waiting inside the plane." Pros: "From the pilot...FAs....gate agents....everyone was very pleasant and professional. Plane was clean as well." Pros: "First time flying into Daytona and it was super easy." Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "flights all on Delta - about one a week for 3 months straight - and yet when Delta cancelled my flight and re-booked they did not give me any upgrade or loyalty as I saw it - I had paid extra for Delta Comfort and they told me the flight they re-booked me on simply did not have any comfort available. However, I was not the one canceling the flight and re-booking - that is their problem and after so much loyalty for years I feel like I should have gotten some kind of upgrade for free...If I have to cancel - I have to pay fees - but if they cancel - I lose ...despite being a very loyal SkyMiles customer. I am quite disillusioned with Delta now and will have to look around to see what other airlines there are now - and my entire family - and what kind of loyalty they give to their loyal customers. It needs to be a two-way" Pros: "Crews were great." Cons: "Flight delays coming and going. Happens a lot with Delta." Cons: "8 hours waiting in airport for a flight that could have been canceled at 3pm and given us our day back. We are traveling as a couple and one of us has a medical procedure scheduled that can’t be canceled. The lack of preparedness for this weather situation is disheartening." Pros: "The crew was very pleasant and the flight was comfortable." Cons: "I don’t understand the concept of the ability to use your mobile device for entertainment, yet not having a power source to charge your device." Pros: "The crew was u professional at the gate and the flight attendant that spoke on the overhed was hard to understand" Cons: "Not flying AA" Pros: "Nice seats with plenty of leg room. Friendly crew. Smooth flight." Pros: "It was incident free." Cons: "I can't comment on food. I didn't get any." Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "Old plane, prezels are boring, it was cold during the flight" Pros: "Crew was great..." Cons: "Nothing really off...just wish there were outlets for recharging devices. Thanks!" Pros: "Took me from point a to b. Some entertainment options, nothing spectacular." Cons: "Toilets were dirty." Pros: "Boarding as quick and efficient. Staff were friendly and courteous" Cons: "Nothing bad to comment on as the trip was a smooth trip" Pros: "Nothing!" Cons: "I never felt like writing a review but I feel like I should let other families with little ones know. My wife, 2 year old son, and I was boarding at the gate and they couldn't scan my son's boarding pass. They quickly went over to the computer station and gave my son another pass. We went to our seats and found out someone else is in our 2year old seat. Apparently they gave the seat to someone else at the last second because up to the point when I printed our boarding passes at the kiosk, our seats were still together (and I paid $41/per seat extra to try to keep us together). The other customer was nice enough to switch with our son so were able to stay together at the last min so it goes to show AA priority and service." Cons: "It was very hot on the plane and uncomfortable for most of the flight." Pros: "The seat was not super comfortable but for a 3 hour flight it was good." Cons: "More movie selections." Pros: "The flight attendants were very courteous." Cons: "Seats are way too close together. I am 6’ tall and if I wasn’t sitting with my rear pressed against the back of the seat, my knees were jammed into the seat in front of me. Zero elbow room. I’m fairly skinny and still thank god I had the aisle seat because with arms at my sides, my shoulders touched the small woman next to me and stuck into the aisle so that when the drink cart came by I had to physically lean toward the windows to get out of the way. No entertainment unless paid for, which is fine, except that the flight attendant and the announcements both stated that at least a movie was included. Outdated jet. No where to charge anything. Couldn’t work on my computer because to type, my elbow took up most of the other persons seat." Cons: "The fact that I wasn't able to sit with my travel partner" Cons: "The default on the browser defaulted to April 9 when I was actually booking the ticket for April 2. So I had to forfeit the $317 ticket. I use kayak a lot - can anything be down ?" Pros: "The flight wasn't too packed." Cons: "My husband and I flew from Newark to Atlanta on 03/12/2017 with United. My husband is active duty military and Alicia assisted us with checking in our baggage. She was very kind and helpful. After retrieving our tickets, we went through Security and my goodness, the process at Newark is awful and TSA WAS EXTREMELY RUDE. That's besides the point. Our flight was delayed because the pilot was not there. Our departure was at 0605 and we didn't leave until 0630. Everyone boarded the plane and we were waiting for the pilot. Then the crew members were pretty rude and not friendly. I know it's an early bird flight but jeez, they can be a little nicer. One stewardess had high heel boots and literally would stomp up and down the aisle. Then she kept saying my purse was not under my seat which it clearly was. I don't know where else she'd like me to put it, maybe in the passengers seat in front of me. I would probably not fly United unless I have no other choice." Pros: "All was handled beautifully!! Great flight and we arrived early!!" Pros: "Crew were friendly" Cons: "No one to help check in. Had to pay extra for my bag." Cons: "The father in the row who wouldn't leave his kids alone and didn't let anyone sleep" Pros: "On board entertainment was great." Cons: "For the second flight in a row, our flight was over 2 1/2 hours late. In fact, this flight was three hours late, including the maintenance issues that cropped up once we were all boarded. This came after a 2 1/2 hour wait due to a different maintenance issue with the plane. The gate attendant was extremely uneducated regarding the issue, and how long it would take to resolve. For over an hour, he told us that the plane was taxiing from the hanger. Assuming the hanger was at the same airport we were, I seriously doubt this was the case." Southwest8.4 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from New York to Atlanta Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to Atlanta found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/17Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 48mLGA-ATL $19 Search 1/10Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 48mLGA-ATL $20 Search 1/9Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 48mLGA-ATL $21 Search 1/5Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 40mLGA-ATL $33 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 8h 27mLGA-ATL $34 Search 4/20Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 01mLGA-ATL $92 Search 4/19Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 29mLGA-ATL $94 Search 4/20Sat nonstopJetBlue 2h 27mLGA-ATL $104 Search 1/2Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 39mLGA-ATL $154 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 2h 39mLGA-ATL $194 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesJetBlueDelta Search by price$20 or less$30 or less$90 or less$100 or less$190 or less Last minute flights from New York to Atlanta Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to Atlanta that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 56mLGA-ATL 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 05mATL-LGA $71 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 56mLGA-ATL 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 25mATL-LGA $94 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 56mLGA-ATL 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 10h 05mATL-LGA $95 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 38mLGA-ATL 12/20Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 14mATL-LGA $99 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 56mLGA-ATL 12/12Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 07mATL-LGA $107 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 2h 38mLGA-ATL 12/12Tue multi-stop 10h 05mATL-LGA $121 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 2h 38mLGA-ATL 12/12Tue nonstop 2h 25mATL-LGA $131 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 38mLGA-ATL 12/20Wed multi-stopFrontier 10h 58mATL-LGA $143 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 2h 36mLGA-ATL 12/18Mon nonstopDelta 2h 13mATL-LGA $288 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 18mLGA-ATL 12/18Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 59mATL-LGA $305 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$90 or less$100 or less$120 or less$140 or less$310 or less New York LaGuardia Airport - Atlanta Flights Departure: New York LaGuardia Airport (LGA)United States Destination: Atlanta (ATL)United States Return flight deals: Atlanta - New York LaGuardia Airport Cabin classes: $623 First Class flights to Atlanta $1,260 Business Class flights to Atlanta $533 Prem Econ Class flights to Atlanta $73 Economy Class flights to Atlanta Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York LaGuardia Airport $50Flights from New York LaGuardia Airport to Atlanta Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $50Flights to Atlanta, Atlanta Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Atlanta flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Atlanta from New York LaGuardia Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Atlanta from New York LaGuardia Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.