Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Manila from $400 | (SFO - MNL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - MNL Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Manila from $400 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/15. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Manila These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Manila. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Manila. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Manila?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Manila that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:40 am - 3:50 pmSFO-MNL 38h 10m1 stop 7:40 am - 8:15 pmMNL-SFO 27h 35m1 stop $730Singapore Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 22 - Thu, Jun 6 11:30 am - 3:35 pmSFO-MNL 37h 05m1 stop 6:30 pm - 8:15 pmMNL-SFO 40h 45m1 stop $731Singapore Airlines Find Deal Mon, Apr 15 - Thu, Jun 20 10:40 am - 3:50 pmSFO-MNL 38h 10m1 stop 2:15 pm - 8:15 pmMNL-SFO 21h 00m1 stop $733Singapore Airlines Find Deal Mon, Mar 25 - Wed, Jun 12 10:55 pm - 9:40 amSFO-MNL 18h 45m1 stop 4:55 pm - 6:40 pmMNL-SFO 16h 45m1 stop $791China Airlines Find Deal Thu, Mar 7 - Wed, Mar 20 12:05 am - 9:40 amSFO-MNL 17h 35m1 stop 4:55 pm - 7:50 pmMNL-SFO 17h 55m1 stop $803China Airlines Find Deal Mon, Mar 4 - Tue, Mar 26 11:30 pm - 5:50 pmSFO-MNL 26h 20m1 stop 3:40 am - 6:40 amMNL-SFO 19h 00m1 stop $876EVA Air Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Tue, Feb 6 1:00 pm - 5:25 pmSFO-MNL 37h 25m1 stop 12:40 pm - 4:10 pmMNL-SFO 18h 30m1 stop $877EVA Air Find Deal Mon, Apr 15 - Tue, May 7 11:00 pm - 4:00 amSFO-MNL 14h 00mnonstop 9:55 pm - 7:45 pmMNL-SFO 12h 50mnonstop $926Philippine Airlines Find Deal Mon, Apr 15 - Tue, Apr 23 11:00 pm - 4:00 amSFO-MNL 14h 00mnonstop 9:55 pm - 7:45 pmMNL-SFO 12h 50mnonstop $973Philippine Airlines Find Deal Sun, Apr 21 - Sat, May 4 11:15 am - 1:35 pmSFO-MNL 34h 20m2 stops 2:40 pm - 4:25 pmMNL-SFO 16h 45m1 stop $981ANA Find Deal Mon, Mar 4 - Thu, Jun 6 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Manila - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Manila to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Francisco to Manila? The average price of all flights from San Francisco to Manila clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For San Francisco to Manila, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Saturday is the most expensive. Flying from Manila back to San Francisco, the best deals are generally found on Saturday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Manila? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Manila is September, where tickets cost $974 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,741 and $1,584 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Manila? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Manila, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Manila, you should book around 3 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 80 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Manila? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from San Francisco to Manila found on KAYAK was with Singapore Airlines for $419. Singapore Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $730 and China Airlines from $791. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Francisco and Manila? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Francisco to Manila. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from San Francisco to Manila. They are Philippine Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is United Airlines, with the best one-way deal found costing $905. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at United Airlines. How many flights are there between San Francisco and Manila per day? Each day, there are 2 nonstop flights that take off from San Francisco and land in Manila, with an average flight time of 15h 00m. The most common departure time is 10:00 pm and most flights take off at night. Each week, there are 14 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 2. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and Manila? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to Manila take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Manila from San Francisco is typically 14h 00m. The journey crosses a distance of 6,973 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from San Francisco to Manila? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Francisco at 10:50 pm and will be landing in Manila at 5:35 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Francisco to Manila? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Francisco to Manila jets off at 11:35 pm and lands at 6:50 am. Good to know Low season August High season December Cheapest flight $400 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 8% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 40% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to Manila When to book flights from San Francisco to Manila Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Manila based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Francisco to Manila What are the layover options for San Francisco to Manila flights? Most airlines flying to Manila from San Francisco usually have at least a single layover en route. The layover options for San Francisco to Manila flights vary depending on your airline. If you fly out with United Airlines, expect at least a stop in either Haneda or SIN. Air Canada and ANA have common stops in Toronto and Narita International Airport in Tokyo. Other major airlines have their layovers in Los Angeles, HKG. Which airlines fly sustainably from San Francisco to Manila? United Airlines, Air Canada, ANA, Asiana Airlines, and Korean Air operate some of the most sustainable flights on this route. Their flights emit about 19% to 21% less carbon than the other airlines. We recommend flying nonstop from SFO to MNL if you want to fly more eco-friendly. What are the parking options at San Francisco Airport? You’re welcome to leave your vehicle at one of the parking lots in SFO as you fly out. The most affordable option is Long-Term Parking which provides secure space for vehicles of up to 8 feet 2 inches. The Long-Term parking lot is located Northside of the terminals and is easily accessible from Highways 101 and 380. You can also park in the Domestic Garage, International Garages A and G, and the Long-Term Surface Lot. What are the accessible services offered at San Francisco Airport? SFO is fully committed to ensuring that every passenger traveling through the airport gets equal access to their services. It provides TTY telephones to those with hearing impairments on the Departures and Arrivals levels of Harvey Milk Terminal 1, International Terminal, and Terminal 3. Audio and visual paging services are also available throughout the airport. Ramps are available throughout the terminals and public areas to enhance transit for travelers with reduced mobility. Call your airline to make reservations for these services before your travel. What is there to do while waiting at San Francisco International Airport? If you are interested in history, stop by the Aviation Museum that can be found in the International Terminal of San Francisco International Airport. To learn more about the airport and all of its amenities, take one of the three self-guided tours that go throughout each terminal. Movies, tablets, and games can also be rented from one of the InMotion Entertainment desks that are placed in the International Terminal and Terminal 3. Does San Francisco International Airport have a spa in the Departures terminal? San Francisco International Airport currently has several XpresSpa locations in the International Terminal as well as in Terminals 2 and 3. These spas offer many different services, including massages, facials, manicures, pedicures, and waxing. Where can I rent a car at Ninoy Aquino International Airport? To rent a car, head to the ground transportation center in Ninoy Aquino International Airport. In this area, you can find the desks for several major rental companies, including Avis and Hertz. Take note of the fact that, to rent a car in the Philippines, you will either have to have an international driver’s license or an English-language license. Can I store my luggage at Ninoy Aquino International Airport? You can leave a suitcase or personal item at the Luggage and More desk, which is near the baggage claim of Ninoy Aquino International Airport. Prices start at 150 PHP (approximately 3 USD), and they vary depending on the size of your items and how long you will be storing them. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Manila? A passport is required to fly from San Francisco to Manila. Which airports will I be using when flying from San Francisco to Manila? San Francisco and Manila are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave San Francisco from San Francisco and will be arriving at Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Francisco to Manila? American Airlines, and Asiana Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Francisco to Manila flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Manila? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to Manila flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Manila? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between San Francisco and Manila. On which days can I fly direct from San Francisco to Manila? There are nonstop flights from San Francisco to Manila on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Manila, Korean Air or ANA? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Manila are Korean Air and ANA. With an average price for the route of $1,199 and an overall rating of 8.7, Korean Air is the most popular choice. ANA is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,309 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Manila? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Manila. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Manila? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Manila from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Manila? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Manila with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and MNL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Manila? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Manila from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to Manila Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $663 or less one-way and $1,127 or less round-trip. You're welcome to use the animal relief areas at San Francisco International Airport (SFO). Indoor areas in Harvey Milk Terminal near Gate B6 1. In Terminal 2, they are near 2C Gates, and Terminal 3’s F Gates. You can also use the outdoor areas in Courtyard 2 in Terminal 2, and Courtyard 4 in Terminal 3. SFO provides multiple workstations that travelers can use to finish any last-minute duties before flying out. They are available before security in International Terminals A, G, and Harvey Milk Terminal 1. Manila Nino Aquino International Airport (MNL) hosts several ATMs. Citibank Philippines has an ATM in Terminal 3, while the Land Bank of the Philippines Branch is in the Arrival Area of Terminal 2. The latter offers full banking services. MNL hosts several lounges that any traveler can access through payments at their doors, annual membership, or buying a day pass. Pacific Club Lounge, Wings Transit Lounge, and SkyView Lounge are all located on Level 4 in Terminal 3. Entry includes access to Wi-Fi, drinks, snacks, and comfortable seating. Nursing mothers traveling through MNL are welcome to use the baby care facilities at the airport. In Terminal 1, they are available in the Departures area. In Terminal 2, the rooms are by Gates 1 and 17. For those looking to save on travel time, book your reservation with Philippine Airlines, as they offer several daily flights from San Francisco to Manila. If you don’t mind layovers, book your ticket through either Air China or Cathay Pacific, as both of these companies offer affordable tickets and free checked baggage. Are you often stressed while traveling? Pay a visit to one of the yoga rooms in San Francisco International Airport (SFO) to unwind. Placed near Gate 87A and Gate 62, these quiet rooms contain practice mats and guided DVDs, making them a peaceful space to relax. If you need to quickly charge one of your portable devices before boarding your flight from San Francisco to Manila, rent a rapid portable charger from San Francisco International Airport. For a small hourly fee, you can carry a portable charger around with you and charge your cell phone up to two times quicker than normal. To allow your kids to burn off some steam once your flight has landed, head to one of the Kiddie Traveller’s Lounges located in Terminals 1, 3, and 4 of Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL). These lounges are free to enter and have staff members to help watch the kids, as well as books, toys, and TVs playing child-friendly programs. If you would like to take a quick nap or shower once arriving in Manila, book one of the Day Rooms that are located in Terminal 1 of Ninoy Aquino International Airport. These rooms contain private restrooms, a small bed, a desk, and outlets. The starting rate for a room is 840 PHP (approximately 16 USD). See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Francisco to Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from San Francisco to Ninoy Aquino Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Francisco to Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl Search Flights Monday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Tuesday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Wednesday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Thursday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Friday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Saturday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Sunday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines See more direct flights Nonstop returns Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl to San Francisco Search Flights Monday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Tuesday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Wednesday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Thursday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Friday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Saturday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Sunday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Manila See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Manila. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Manila? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 9.2 STARLUX AirlinesOverall score based on 42 reviews 93entertainment 92overall 94crew 90food 92comfort 91boarding Airline reviews First time on Starlux. I was impressed. Very eager to assist flight crew First time on Starlux. I was impressed. Very eager to assist flight crew Premium Economy on Starlux- a worthwhile way to cross the Pacific. This is a great premium economy experience. The seats are comfortable, wide and provide decent foot rests. The seatback TV is large, high resolution and plenty of content. Bluetooth connection for your headset and control from your phone is available. Food was decent and in line with the cabin class. The seat could be improved by providing more lower leg support especially for taller guests (6ft myself). Cabin crew will be moving up and down the aisle a lot since the galley is in front. Screen size was nice. No vent when hot, food was not good Wish plane type had more restrooms… Care and consideration from stewards and stewardesses was so great Pros: "Everything was great!" Cons: "Some announcements were only made in Korean. Would have been nice to have it in English for international flight." Pros: "Very friendly staff with excellent service. Bottled water in every seat upon boarding. Lots of leg room, and love the outer earphones they provide!" Cons: "More movie selections" Pros: "The crew was very friendly, and I was happy to be seated in a 2-person row." Cons: "Nothing the crew could do- a lot of turbulence and food served past midnight!" Pros: "Fortunately plane not full and was able to use adjacent seat(s)." Pros: "Overall good, comfortable, nice and food and entertainment was very good quality." Cons: "I didn't realized we were on a code share flight from Seoul to Hanoi until we got to check in counter and they couldn't issue boarding pass even though it was a through check in for till Hanoi. In our booking itinerary it was printed as Korean air with a small print that said operated by jinair. It wasn't so bad but the hassle of going to another terminal to board and being in a smaller aircraft after a long flight wasn't the best." Pros: "The amount of times i was fed" Cons: "My seat. I wanted to upgrade and they said no, but it wasn't full" Cons: "Everything was going well until our bags didn’t show up at our final destination. Big no-no. Just ruined the otherwise pleasant experience" Pros: "Great service, good meals and frequent beverages at no charge. From the paper slippers to the warm wash clothes that were passed around at one point, I’ve never been better taken care of on a plane. Passengers comfort was taken into high consideration." Pros: "Nothing our tickets had to be cancelled" Cons: "Our flight was scheduled with Korean air. We attempted to check in multiple times with issues on the Korean air website. we called and they told us not to worry. Finally, approximately 12 hours before departure we wwere able to check in Only to find out due to the expiration date of our passport we would not be an allowed to check in. We scrambled to get an emergency passport, however by the time it was received we had already missed our flight. Korean air is not willing to aknowledge this as a fault in their system and is instead suggesting this is a kayak issue for allowing us to purchase these flights. I would like the total flight cost refunded as this should never have been allowed to be purchased if Korean air knew at the time of purchase when checking in there would be an issue." Pros: "Almost everything. I liked the very friendly staff and big screen for entertainment." Cons: "Almost nothing" Pros: "The crew was amazing. They were all very nice to us." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "The seats were substantially more cramped than the other flight." Pros: "Crew was amazing and very comfortable seat" Cons: "Food can be better and Entertainment was poor There should be more choices available. WiFi was spotty only 150 MB was available after paying. It should be free in business class like other airlines" Pros: "Polite, attentive, and amiable staff show they take pride in their top notch service. Entertainment options (movies, documentaries, travel guides) on screen are also a huge plus." Cons: "Seats are way too small, incredibly uncomfortable to the point of painful ness. More luggage space" Cons: "Fellow passenger didn't stay in his space , would prefer flight attendant to inform kindly" Pros: "Check in is a breeze, the staff even helped me to load my luggages to the counter. Boarding is prompt and orderly. The food is excellent , love the kabosu, there is snack available at the back in case you are still hungry. Entertainment is good choices, headphone is nice." Cons: "None so far, been travelling with ANA 8-10 times a year for more than 5 years" Pros: "Economy seats were spacious and same size as Economy Plus seats of United. Clean. Crew was amazing, helpful and friendly." Pros: "The staff on ANA are super friendly. The legroom on their big planes--even in economy--was excellent." Cons: "The food was okay but not great." Cons: "Enjoy the free money, cause I didn't go on my flight. Work had me cancel my vacation a month ago. I tried to cancel, but it wouldn't let me. I tried cancelling through the insurance I purchased on it and they said they couldn't either (even though cancellation was covered in full)." Pros: "Crew was super nice and the food was good (for plane food)! Really appreciated that they had snacks and chocolate on hand for hungry passengers throughout the flight. A 17 hour plane ride is never the best, but Singapore Air made it as pleasant as possible. Also, we booked on Kayak and was routed through a third party vendor JustFly, which I was a little worried about - but our booking went off without a hitch." Pros: "Excellent crew and very well dressed and always smiling" Cons: "The lights were switched off for a very long time. That can be avoided" Pros: "The crew did a wonderful job of anticipating needs and having all the little ammenities you could want." Cons: "They gave you a menu at the start of the flight but didn't serve any of that food, and the food wasn't very good" Pros: "Handset to control screen didn’t work. Airline reimbursed me with $75 voucher for inflight duty-free shop." Cons: "Aircrew took my carry on away while I was waiting to board saying it was too large; left me without the essential items I wanted during the 19.5 hours in the air and two plane changes. Other people were allowed to keep carry ons bigger than mine so I don't understand why they did this." Pros: "Crew" Cons: "Short and sweet. Flight left on time and landed about 15 mins early. Crew was wonderful" Pros: "The plane was new. The in flight entertainment system was good, although I never got to experience it fully because the Flight attendant kept switching it off, as I had paid extra (an arm and a leg) for a “bulkhead seat”" Cons: "The service was beyond awful! The Flight Attendants had a “could care less” attitude. I had special ordered a meal, and they gave me the wrong one. I did not want to make a big deal, so I just ate it. Then they did not offer any beverages when the meal came! I literally had to beg them to make me their famous “Singapore sling”. Shocking really!!. When I had my coffee, my request for cream and sugar went ignored THREE times. Finally they grudgingly gave me only cream, rendering my coffee undrinkable. .....And the list goes on. Never ever will I travel on this horrid airline again!" Pros: "As a frequent flyer, I have found out that the few dollars i spend more on SQ is well worth it" Pros: "Satisfied and feel good on Singapore airlines, definitely will consider next trip" Pros: "We loved the service, quality of food, entertainment, and cleanliness of Singapore Airlines flight!" Cons: "Economy is still tightly packed with limited leg room considering the distance traveled." Cons: "The food was terrible. Only one option and I didn't like it." Pros: "Flight is online" Cons: "Flight Attendants performed acceptable. They pushed the table cart and hit me twice without apologizing." Pros: "nothing" Cons: "airport personells are rude and lazy. airline seats are very unconfortable. flight attendants not very a comodating to seniors like me" Pros: "Despite the short flight, they still served a delicious meal! Great movie and music selections. Would definitely fly them again." Cons: "Food ia not that good. Need to have more flavor" Pros: "Crew are great. Food not so bad. Overall is great services." Cons: "Nothing so far." Pros: "Clean and efficient. Catered to our needs. Definitely would travel them again." Pros: "Food was great and the crews were helpful. They do offer snacks/drinks in between meals. For those who do not know, they do offer wine as a drink in the Economy class (usually red wine)." Cons: "Speakers are not good during announcement. I can barely hear it. if they can improve that, that will be great." Pros: "I enjoyed the movies, the food was good, and services" Cons: "Had some wine that was wayyyy past it's prime. Tasted more like cleaning fluid." STARLUX Airlines9.2 Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 Singapore Airlines8.6 EVA Air8.5 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Manila Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Manila found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/15Mon 2 stops 45h 45mSFO-MNL $400 Search 1/19Fri 2 stops 45h 45mSFO-MNL $408 Search 2/25Sun 1 stopChina Airlines 17h 35mSFO-MNL $484 Search 2/28Wed 1 stopChina Airlines 23h 50mSFO-MNL $501 Search 5/7Tue nonstopPhilippine Airlines 14h 00mSFO-MNL $611 Search 3/20Wed 1 stopEVA Air 26h 40mSFO-MNL $629 Search 1/14Sun 1 stopANA 21h 15mSFO-MNL $654 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopEVA Air 26h 00mSFO-MNL $667 Search 2/26Mon nonstopPhilippine Airlines 14h 45mSFO-MNL $675 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopANA 21h 15mSFO-MNL $729 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineChina AirlinesPhilippine AirlinesEVA AirANA Search by price$410 or less$500 or less$630 or less$670 or less$730 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Manila Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Manila that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri multi-stopCathay Pacific 25h 40mSFO-MNL 12/11Mon multi-stopCathay Pacific 29h 15mMNL-SFO $827 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 20h 55mSFO-MNL 12/5Tue multi-stopCathay Pacific 32h 00mMNL-SFO $842 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopCathay Pacific 27h 40mSFO-MNL 12/10Sun multi-stopCathay Pacific 19h 30mMNL-SFO $858 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEVA Air 37h 30mSFO-MNL 1/24Wed multi-stopEVA Air 31h 00mMNL-SFO $1,020 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEVA Air 37h 30mSFO-MNL 12/18Mon multi-stopEVA Air 27h 50mMNL-SFO $1,048 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopChina Airlines 23h 50mSFO-MNL 12/13Wed multi-stopChina Airlines 23h 55mMNL-SFO $1,166 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopChina Airlines 23h 50mSFO-MNL 2/28Wed multi-stopChina Airlines 23h 55mMNL-SFO $1,177 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopANA 21h 15mSFO-MNL 12/13Wed multi-stopANA 15h 30mMNL-SFO $1,349 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopANA 21h 15mSFO-MNL 1/23Tue multi-stopANA 15h 30mMNL-SFO $1,379 Search 12/1Fri nonstopPhilippine Airlines 14h 45mSFO-MNL 12/22Fri nonstopPhilippine Airlines 12h 20mMNL-SFO $1,445 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineCathay PacificEVA AirChina AirlinesANAPhilippine Airlines Search by price$840 or less$1,020 or less$1,170 or less$1,350 or less$1,450 or less San Francisco - Manila Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: Manila (MNL)Philippines Return flight deals: Manila - San Francisco Cabin classes: First Class flights to Manila $2,735 Business Class flights to Manila $2,204 Prem Econ Class flights to Manila $999 Economy Class flights to Manila Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $679Flights from San Francisco to Manila Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Philippines » Manila $679Flights to Manila, Manila Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Manila flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Manila from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Manila from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.