Cheap Flights from Edmonton to Ottawa from C$ 109 | (YEG - YOW) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YEG - YOW Find cheap flights from Edmonton to Ottawa from C$ 109 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/3. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Ottawa These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Edmonton to Ottawa, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Edmonton to Ottawa, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Edmonton to Ottawa?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Edmonton to Ottawa that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:30 a.m. - 3:50 p.m.YEG-YOW 6h 20m1 stop 7:20 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.YOW-YEG 4h 40mdirect C$ 129Porter Airlines Find Deal Mon, 26 Feb - Mon, 26 Feb 8:50 a.m. - 2:53 p.m.YEG-YOW 4h 03mdirect 7:20 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.YOW-YEG 4h 40mdirect C$ 152Porter Airlines Find Deal Mon, 26 Feb - Mon, 26 Feb 8:50 a.m. - 2:53 p.m.YEG-YOW 4h 03mdirect 7:20 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.YOW-YEG 4h 40mdirect C$ 155Porter Airlines Find Deal Thu, 22 Feb - Sun, 25 Feb 8:50 a.m. - 2:53 p.m.YEG-YOW 4h 03mdirect 7:20 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.YOW-YEG 4h 40mdirect C$ 156Porter Airlines Find Deal Fri, 16 Feb - Wed, 21 Feb 12:50 a.m. - 11:20 a.m.YEG-YOW 8h 30m1 stop 7:20 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.YOW-YEG 4h 40mdirect C$ 269 Find Deal Tue, 13 Feb - Sun, 18 Feb 7:30 a.m. - 3:50 p.m.YEG-YOW 6h 20m1 stop 1:15 p.m. - 7:57 p.m.YOW-YEG 8h 42m2 stops C$ 276 Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Wed, 17 Jan 6:30 a.m. - 12:22 a.m.YEG-YOW 15h 52m2 stops 1:15 p.m. - 7:57 p.m.YOW-YEG 8h 42m2 stops C$ 278WestJet Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Wed, 17 Jan 4:10 p.m. - 12:09 a.m.YEG-YOW 5h 59m1 stop 6:00 a.m. - 10:38 a.m.YOW-YEG 6h 38m1 stop C$ 283WestJet Find Deal Mon, 29 Jan - Wed, 31 Jan 12:00 p.m. - 9:34 p.m.YEG-YOW 7h 34m1 stop 5:30 a.m. - 11:02 a.m.YOW-YEG 7h 32m1 stop C$ 444Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 21 Dec - Fri, 5 Jan 12:00 p.m. - 9:34 p.m.YEG-YOW 7h 34m1 stop 6:00 a.m. - 1:32 p.m.YOW-YEG 9h 32m2 stops C$ 450Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 21 Dec - Fri, 5 Jan Show more results Flights from Edmonton to Ottawa - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Edmonton to Ottawa to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Edmonton to Ottawa? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Edmonton to Ottawa, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Edmonton to Ottawa is October, where tickets cost C$ 159 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and January, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 643 and C$ 429 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Edmonton to Ottawa? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Edmonton to Ottawa, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Edmonton to Ottawa, you should book around 5 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 83 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Edmonton to Ottawa? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Edmonton to Ottawa were found on Porter Airlines (C$ 175) and WestJet (C$ 377). Porter Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 109. Which airlines fly direct between Edmonton and Ottawa? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Edmonton to Ottawa. There is just one airline that flies from Edmonton to Ottawa direct and that is Porter Airlines. The best one-way deal found from Porter Airlines for the route is C$ 172. How many flights are there between Edmonton and Ottawa per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Edmonton and lands in Ottawa, with an average flight time of 4h 03m. The most common departure time is 8:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 7 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Edmonton and Ottawa? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Edmonton to Ottawa take? The average direct flight takes 4h 03m, covering a distance of 4,583 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Edmonton to Ottawa? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Edmonton at 8:50 am and will be landing in Ottawa at 2:53 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Edmonton to Ottawa? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Edmonton to Ottawa jets off at 8:50 am and lands at 2:53 pm. Good to know Low season February High season June Cheapest flight C$ 109 Best time to beat the crowds (8% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly and prices are also 16% lower on average. Flight from Edmonton to Ottawa When to book flights from Edmonton to Ottawa Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Edmonton to Ottawa based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Edmonton to Ottawa What are some transportation options to get from Ottawa International Airport to downtown Ottawa? A quite popular transportation choice that utilizes public transportation is the travel on the Line 97 bus provided by OC Transpo, which travels to downtown Ottawa in about 16 minutes with buses running around every 30 minutes or so. Is it possible to rent a car at the Ottawa international airport, and if so, where will I find the rental car companies? This airport features rental service from around nine different rental car companies, with the seven or so major rental car companies having locations on site and the two local companies offering shuttle service to their locations. The on-site car rental companies have locations on level one of the Parkade across from the terminal building. Are there any rideshare vehicle services available at the Ottawa International Airport, and if so, where can I meet my ride? There are rideshare services available at this airport. Passengers should plan on meeting their rides near pillars 12 and 13 on the outer curb outside of the terminal building. Are there any comfortable places to wait for a flight at the Edmonton International Airport? In the domestic terminal, passengers will find an Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge that is quite popular with travellers making their way from Edmonton to Ottawa aboard flights on Air Canada. This lounge features great seating choices, internet access, entertainment options, and plenty of food and beverage choices. In the same domestic area of the terminal, there is also a Plaza Premium Lounge location for passengers that might be travelling on other airlines that also offers fantastic seating choices and plenty of food and beverage options. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Edmonton to Ottawa? Air Canada, and Jazz offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Edmonton to Ottawa flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Edmonton to Ottawa? The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Edmonton to Ottawa flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Edmonton to Ottawa? There are direct flights from Edmonton to Ottawa on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Edmonton to Ottawa, Porter Airlines or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Edmonton to Ottawa are Porter Airlines and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 373 and an overall rating of 7.7, Porter Airlines is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 431 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Edmonton to Ottawa? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Edmonton to Ottawa. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Edmonton to Ottawa? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Ottawa from Edmonton is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Edmonton to Ottawa? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Ottawa with an airline and back to Edmonton with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Edmonton to Ottawa? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Ottawa from Edmonton up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Edmonton to Ottawa Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 85 or less one-way and C$ 265 or less round-trip. Drivers that would prefer not to drive themselves to Edmonton International Airport (YEG) can travel from the downtown Edmonton area to the airport on the EBus Canada Edmonton Line in about 45 minutes, with buses running around twice per day. If you are going to drive your own car to the Edmonton International Airport, one of the most convenient ways you can park at this airport is to book your parking online and then utilize contactless parking for the utmost ease and convenience. The most convenient way to park at this airport is by using their Express Valet service. Passengers that wish to use this service must book their parking online before arriving at the airport. If you tend to get a bit nervous when travelling, the Edmonton International Airport offers a pet therapy program that is a group of dogs and their handlers that travel throughout the terminal buildings at the airport, easing the stress of nervous passengers. Parents that will be travelling with children through Edmonton International Airport should know that this airport features three different kids' play areas near Gates 16, 88, and 68 that all offer padded play structures kids will love to climb upon before a flight. If someone is going to pick you up at the Ottawa International Airport (YOW), they should know that this airport offers a free dedicated parking lot available for drivers picking up passengers. The drive time from the lot to the curbside at the terminal is less than one minute. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Edmonton to Ottawa? Find which airlines fly direct from Edmonton to Ottawa, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Edmonton to Ottawa Search flights Monday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Tuesday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Wednesday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Thursday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Friday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Saturday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Sunday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Ottawa to Edmonton Search flights Monday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Tuesday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Wednesday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Thursday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Friday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Saturday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines Sunday Porter Airlines Porter Airlines See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Edmonton to Ottawa See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Edmonton to Ottawa. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Edmonton to Ottawa? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9260 reviews 84crew 80overall 77comfort 70entertainment 81boarding 71food Airline reviews Cons: "Because of Boeing disaster did not go to Halifax but were sent by Westjet to TO and then on with Air France. Boarding areas in TO are a long way away (lot of walking) and customs in TO is frustrating and takes a long time."Read more about WestJet Cons: "Because of Boeing disaster did not go to Halifax but were sent by Westjet to TO and then on with Air France. Boarding areas in TO are a long way away (lot of walking) and customs in TO is frustrating and takes a long time." Pros: "The check-in process was very easy and friendly. The flight attendants seemed nicer than other airlines." Pros: "Crew was very friendly and helpful" Cons: "This was the first time in 37 years that I have flown so i had a little motion sickness but that has nothing to do with your crew or airline. This experience was very good thank you" Pros: "Unreal service by all WJ employees. Great service getting my 87 year old mom to and from everything." Pros: "Left early and arrived early" Cons: "Cabin was way too warm. Also not as much space on 737-700 as 737-800" Pros: "Crew was good" Cons: "I paid for a window seat, but there was no window. Contacted WestJet and they refused me a refund." Pros: "Yes, the crew was very good." Cons: "It would have been nice to have coffee on the flight. All they had to offer was a snack and a glass of water." Cons: "We landed in Phoenix and spent over an hour on the runway, when we did finally get a gate it didn’t work. The delays caused me to miss my ground transportation." Pros: "Check in was quick and easy. Boarding and flight was right on time!" Cons: "My tv was not working, landing was not smooth staff was rude specially Edward" I had checked in online the day before but was instructed to collect our boarding passes when we arrived. I am not completely comfortable using the automated Kiosks and always enjoy the nostalgia of speaking with someone when checking in for a flight. Upon doing so however, we were immediately asked,"did you check in online already?" To which I replied, "yes, but we were asked to retrieve our boarding passes upon arrival." She then said, "that's what those machines over there are for. We really encourage people to use those." That unfortunately sparked a series of shortness and overall poor behavior in my opinion from the woman who checked us in. I understand it was early in the morning but I am always excited to experience flying and that interaction has unfortunately left a bitter taste in my mouth to the point I will forever now hesitate to book with Porter again. Thank you for taking the time to read this. Cheers, JD They really communicated well advised well in advance of a delay. Contacted to tell me it was almost time to go and to do a check in. I can't praise the crew enough on how fantastic they where West Jet could learn alot from Porter about customer satisfaction travelling in 14th of April and now we are in 17th , I have not received my lost/delayed bag... this is very bad and the worst part is their call center is not able to see where is it!!!! Porter is the airline that does care. All trips with Porter have been smooth and relaxing. The extras are the customer appreciation. The others just don’t do that. Pros: "Crew on plane were very good; gate agent was not." Cons: "Assertive gate agent in Toronto insisted I check my carry-on even though it was within regs and there was lots of overhead space (I was 2nd on the plane) but he insisted saying it would be waiting for me as I debarked (not true-came down carousel with checked bags)" Pros: "Cheap price of the airline ticket." Cons: "I was booked where someone was already sitting. It was difficult because I was with my two young children. And someone else was booked in my child's seat also." Cons: "I booked this flight on Kayak. No mention at booking that this airlines has a ludicrous policy of charging $50 for a carry on bag!....wow!...last flight ever on Porter." Pros: "Quick fligh." Cons: "Having a terminal to check in would have been nice, I had no luggage to check and still had to wait 30mins in line." Pros: "Crew was awesome." Cons: "My seat was a bit grubby...food remnants on the seat" Pros: "Consistent experience that gets you from A to B while providing nice perks (free stame-day standby on the old Rapidair routes)." Pros: "All the crew we encountered were very efficient and helpful. The food was hot and really good, and we were well looked after, particularly on the Heathrow to Ottawa leg of the journey." Pros: "Service was outstanding!" Cons: "The lunch was average at best. Comedy show selections were terrible (in my opinion). I miss the days of Curb Your Enthusiasm and Arrested Development." Pros: "Crew are very nice and approachable. No complain about their service. And flight is on time." Pros: "The crew on board all flights were pleasant and efficient." Cons: "When I arrived at my destination I found that the item I had gate checked had been damaged- an instrument case I was no longer able to close. The zippers had both been busted off. Due to time constraints I was invited to write a review and email which I intend to do. The item itself was gate checked for safety - and to me the damage says that still somehow it is unsafe to fly with an instrument which as a professional musician is frustrating. In addition flights have very limited food options that accommodate persons with gluten/dairy allergies." Pros: "Unfortunately, my first flight was delayed (It happens!) so I missed my connecting flight from TO to Ottawa but the lady at customer service (I wish I got her name) was so good and got me on a flight leaving within the hour. The flight attendant on that flight was so pleasant and accommodating, I'm almost happy to have missed the original flight! Two huge thumbs up for Air Canada - you made my day!" Pros: "Not anyone's fault --- delayed due to Fog. Then on rout to Ottawa when they started selling food, they ran out of the main breakfast meals and or cheese plates by isle 19." Pros: "Air Canada you suck. Told us that our flight wouldn't leave before we boarded as the computer system was down country wide. We still stood in like for an hour and hey could have manually checked us in as they did others. We were promised no planes would leave and when we got to the gate our plane was pulling away leaving 10 of us to scramble to find another flight. Customer service argued with me saying no flights were going to Ottawa and my Kayak app told me otherwise. Thanks for making my flight home for a funeral that much more stressful and having my family wait 4 hours risking all of our lives with freezing rain drive home." Pros: "Pathetic delay time that was not weather related, they should have had another plane. I will not say that I will never fly Air Canada again just because departure time may leave me no choice but given a choice that suits my travel schedule it will not be them." Pros: "I needed a wheelchair and they were very friendly and helpful" Cons: "The outfitter canceled us so we did not go. It was out of our hands that the outfitter canceled us for certain reasons such as whether poor infrastructure, but we are still going to have to pay a Re-booking fee and Processing fee for each passenger." Cons: "I work at an isolated mining camp and could not fly out due to weather and when I tried to reschedule or cancel my flight with Canadian north the cancellation fees, rebooking fees were more than the cost of purchasing a new flight straight through air canada. I will never use this service again." Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Canadian North6.7 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Edmonton to Ottawa Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Edmonton to Ottawa found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/3Tue directPorter Airlines 4h 03mYEG-YOW C$ 80 Search 8/3Fri directPorter Airlines 4h 03mYEG-YOW C$ 82 Search 13/3Wed directPorter Airlines 4h 03mYEG-YOW C$ 84 Search 10/12Sun 1 stopFlair Airlines 27h 45mYEG-YOW C$ 129 Search 12/12Tue 2 stopsWestJet 10h 50mYEG-YOW C$ 147 Search 9/12Sat 1 stop 21h 30mYEG-YOW C$ 156 Search 11/12Mon 2 stopsWestJet 10h 50mYEG-YOW C$ 157 Search 11/12Mon 1 stop 21h 30mYEG-YOW C$ 164 Search 23/12Sat 1 stopAir Canada 6h 04mYEG-YOW C$ 221 Search 24/12Sun 1 stopAir Canada 8h 15mYEG-YOW C$ 227 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesFlair AirlinesWestJetAir Canada Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 130 or lessC$ 160 or lessC$ 160 or lessC$ 230 or less Last minute flights from Edmonton to Ottawa Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Edmonton to Ottawa that are departing in the next 10 days. 3/12Sun multi-stopFlair Airlines 27h 45mYEG-YOW 8/12Fri multi-stopFlair Airlines 14h 20mYOW-YEG C$ 288 Search 5/12Tue multi-stop 10h 05mYEG-YOW 13/12Wed direct 4h 40mYOW-YEG C$ 324 Search 5/12Tue multi-stop 10h 05mYEG-YOW 13/12Wed multi-stop 7h 50mYOW-YEG C$ 325 Search 4/12Mon multi-stop 21h 30mYEG-YOW 13/12Wed direct 4h 40mYOW-YEG C$ 330 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 10h 05mYEG-YOW 9/12Sat multi-stopWestJet 7h 25mYOW-YEG C$ 332 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 10h 05mYEG-YOW 12/12Tue multi-stopWestJet 7h 25mYOW-YEG C$ 345 Search 5/12Tue directPorter Airlines 4h 03mYEG-YOW 6/12Wed directPorter Airlines 4h 40mYOW-YEG C$ 354 Search 3/12Sun directPorter Airlines 4h 03mYEG-YOW 8/12Fri directPorter Airlines 4h 40mYOW-YEG C$ 514 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 6h 04mYEG-YOW 9/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 9h 32mYOW-YEG C$ 697 Search 1/12Fri multi-stopCanadian North 13h 15mYEG-YOW 8/12Fri multi-stopCanadian North 13h 30mYOW-YEG C$ 6,371 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesWestJetPorter AirlinesAir CanadaCanadian North Search by priceC$ 320 or lessC$ 330 or lessC$ 350 or lessC$ 510 or lessC$ 6,370 or less Edmonton - Ottawa Flights Departure: Edmonton (YEG)Canada Destination: Ottawa (YOW)Canada Return flight deals: Ottawa - Edmonton Cabin classes: First Class flights to Ottawa Business Class flights to Ottawa Prem Econ Class flights to Ottawa C$ 138 Economy Class flights to Ottawa Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Alberta » Edmonton C$ 175Flights from Edmonton to Ottawa Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Ontario » Ottawa C$ 175Flights to Ottawa, Ottawa Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Ottawa flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Ottawa from Edmonton. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Ottawa from Edmonton. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.