Cheap Flights from Seattle to Denver from $34 | (SEA - DEN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SEA - DEN Find cheap flights from Seattle to Denver from $34 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Denver These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Denver. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Seattle to Denver. How much is the cheapest flight from Seattle to Denver?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Seattle to Denver that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 3:03 pm - 6:46 pmSEA-DEN 2h 43mnonstop 1:48 pm - 3:59 pmDEN-SEA 3h 11mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Tue, Jan 23 10:18 pm - 10:50 amSEA-DEN 11h 32m1 stop 10:48 pm - 9:58 amDEN-SEA 12h 10m1 stop $67Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sun, Dec 17 5:35 pm - 9:18 pmSEA-DEN 2h 43mnonstop 6:15 am - 8:41 amDEN-SEA 3h 26mnonstop $138Delta Find Deal Sat, Feb 17 - Sun, Feb 25 5:35 pm - 9:18 pmSEA-DEN 2h 43mnonstop 5:40 am - 9:35 amDEN-SEA 4h 55m1 stop $148Delta Find Deal Sat, Feb 17 - Sat, Feb 24 9:00 am - 4:34 pmSEA-DEN 6h 34m1 stop 6:55 pm - 11:59 pmDEN-SEA 6h 04m1 stop $177American Airlines Find Deal Wed, May 1 - Tue, May 7 2:55 pm - 10:44 pmSEA-DEN 6h 49m1 stop 6:00 am - 1:47 pmDEN-SEA 8h 47m1 stop $187United Airlines Find Deal Fri, Mar 1 - Mon, Mar 4 5:20 am - 8:55 amSEA-DEN 2h 35mnonstop 6:00 am - 12:51 pmDEN-SEA 7h 51m1 stop $188United Airlines Find Deal Wed, May 22 - Thu, May 30 10:47 pm - 6:59 pmSEA-DEN 19h 12m1 stop 6:20 am - 8:28 amDEN-SEA 3h 08mnonstop $197Alaska Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 16 - Mon, Feb 19 8:11 pm - 11:59 pmSEA-DEN 2h 48mnonstop 9:48 pm - 11:59 pmDEN-SEA 3h 11mnonstop $198Alaska Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Wed, Jan 3 11:42 am - 6:03 pmSEA-DEN 5h 21m1 stop 1:00 pm - 8:46 pmDEN-SEA 8h 46m1 stop $217American Airlines Find Deal Wed, Apr 3 - Wed, Apr 10 Show more results Flights from Seattle to Denver - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Seattle to Denver to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Seattle to Denver? The average price of all flights from Seattle to Denver clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Seattle to Denver, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Sunday is the most expensive. Flying from Denver back to Seattle, the best deals are generally found on Tuesday, with Sunday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Seattle to Denver? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Seattle to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Seattle to Denver is January, where tickets cost $158 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $297 and $283 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Seattle to Denver? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Seattle to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Seattle to Denver, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 34 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Seattle to Denver? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 3 days, Spirit Airlines offered the best one-way deal for that route, at $34. KAYAK users also found Seattle to Denver round-trip flights on Frontier from $58 and on Spirit Airlines from $67. Which airlines fly most frequently between Seattle and Denver? Alaska Airlines connects Seattle to Denver with up to 3 flights per day and both Southwest and United Airlines also offer 3 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Seattle and Denver? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Seattle to Denver. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Seattle to Denver. They are: Alaska Airlines, Delta, Frontier, Southwest and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $44 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Seattle and Denver per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 21 nonstop flights that take off from Seattle and land in Denver, with an average flight time of 2h 42m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 99 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Seattle and Denver? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Seattle to Denver take? The average nonstop flight takes 2h 34m, covering a distance of 1,022 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Seattle to Denver? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Seattle at 5:00 am and will be landing in Denver at 8:41 am. What’s the latest departure time from Seattle to Denver? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Seattle to Denver jets off at 9:15 pm and lands at 12:50 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $34 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 28% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 30% increase in price. Flight from Seattle to Denver When to book flights from Seattle to Denver Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Seattle to Denver based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Seattle to Denver What are some eco-friendly airlines flying between Seattle and Denver? When flying from Seattle to Denver, each passenger adds an average of 2304 lbs of carbon dioxide to the greenhouse effect. However, you have the option of flying more sustainably with Alaska Airlines and Frontier, as these two airlines provide flights that produce 52% less carbon dioxide emissions per passenger on this route. Does Seattle-Tacoma International Airport offer accessible services? SEA provides accessible services for individuals with special needs. The airport has wheelchair-accessible elevators, restrooms, shuttle buses, and parking spots. The airport provides boarding and deplaning assistance, wheelchair service, and gate access assistance. SEA also provides magnifying glasses, adjustable-height chairs, earplugs, and Braille signs. What are the public transportation options from Denver International Airport? DEN features several public transit alternatives. The RTD Airport Route connects downtown commuters to the airport. This bus route features citywide stops. The Flatiron Flyer operates from the airport to downtown Denver and back, with many stops. The University of Colorado A Line runs every 15 minutes between the airport and Union Station. You can also take a taxi from DEN to downtown. Where can I park my car at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport before flying to Denver? In SEA, finding a parking spot is a breeze. Visitors to Denver can choose from a number of parking alternatives, including short-term, hourly, economy, and valet parking. The parking garage adjacent to the main terminal houses these parking alternatives. You can also make your parking arrangements ahead of time with the airport's online parking reservation system. Are there car rentals at Denver International Airport? Yes, DEN does provide car rental services. At the airport, you can choose between Avis, Alamo, Budget, National, Dollar, Enterprise, and Hertz rental providers. On the lower level of the main terminal, toward the airport's western side, you'll find the car rental providers. If you want to ensure that your car choice is waiting for you on arrival, you may reserve it online in advance. Can I take the train to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? Yes. You can board a train to SEA You can take the Link Light Rail to the airport from the University of Washington and downtown Seattle. It is about a 30 minutes ride, departing every 6–15 minutes throughout the day. The Link Light Rail's Red Line connects the airport station with Beacon Hill and Capitol Hill neighborhoods. Is there anywhere to smoke at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? While smoking is not allowed inside any of the terminals at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, there are two locations outside where you may smoke. The first is near the north end of the baggage claim level, and the second is across from the small parking lot. To determine if you are allowed to smoke, look for ashtrays and double check that there are no airport signs prohibiting it. What is there to do while waiting at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport? In addition to periodic live music performances, Seattle-Tacoma International Airport also has a diverse Art Walk that is 0.5 mi long and begins near Gate A 14. There are also several Digiboo self-service kiosks located throughout the airport that allow travelers to download movies and televisions shows directly onto their portable devices. Are there any amenities for pets at Denver International Airport? There are several pet relief zones located in the centers of Terminals A, B, and C at Denver International Airport and they provide pet owners with waste disposal bags, trashcans, and running water. Additionally, there is a Paradise 4 Paws Pet Resort adjacent to the main terminal that offers both pet boarding and grooming services. Where can I grab a meal at Denver International Airport? Boulder Beer Tap House is located in the Jeppesen Terminal of Denver International Airport and serves a selection of burgers, appetizers, and salads, while Cantina Grill is located nearby and has a Mexican-inspired menu. The Denver Chophouse is located near the A Gates and is known for its vegan and gluten-free meals. Do I need a passport to fly between Seattle and Denver? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Seattle to Denver. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Seattle to Denver? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Seattle to Denver flight route: Delta, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Virgin Atlantic, Cape Air, JetBlue, and Lufthansa. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Seattle to Denver? The Boeing 737-900 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Seattle to Denver flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Seattle to Denver? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Seattle and Denver, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Seattle to Denver? There are nonstop flights from Seattle to Denver on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Seattle to Denver, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Seattle to Denver are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $238 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $238 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Seattle to Denver? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Seattle to Denver. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Seattle to Denver? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Denver from Seattle is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Seattle to Denver? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Denver with an airline and back to Seattle with another airline. Booking your flights between Seattle and DEN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Seattle to Denver? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Denver from Seattle up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SEA to Denver Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $99 or less one-way and $145 or less round-trip. Alaska Airlines is an ideal option for families traveling from Seattle to Denver. They provide families with expansive seating options. Alaska Airlines also provides nursing facilities, such as nursing rooms, and allows breastfeeding on board. Alaska Airlines also offers a broad variety of kid-friendly entertainment, including games and cartoons. They also provide kid-friendly meals. Lastly, Alaska Airlines provides pre-boarding for mothers with toddlers. From Denver International Airport (DEN), you can drive to adjacent cities such as Boulder in approximately 45min, Longmont in about 50min, and Fort Collins in around an hour and 15min. Both Cheyenne, Wyoming, and Colorado Springs are approximately 2 hours by car. At Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA), there are airport inter-terminal transfers onsite. The Automated People Mover links the Main Terminal and the North Satellite, and it is free. The APM departs from each terminal every three minutes and takes around two minutes to make the round trip. In addition, complimentary shuttles run every ten minutes between the airport's terminals and parking garages. For travelers looking for non-stop flights from Seattle to Denver, book your reservation with either United, Delta, or Frontier Airlines, as each of these companies offers many flights without layovers. If you would like some extra perks, look into flying with Southwest Airlines, as they provide free checked baggage and snacks. If you’re trying to find a way to pass the time before boarding your flight from Seattle to Denver, purchase an entry ticket for the Club at SEA in Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA). This lounge is open to customers of all airlines and provides guests with snacks, magazines, televisions, and games. Have a question about the airport or need help finding a specific service? Look for the Airport Volunteers stationed throughout Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in bright blue jackets. These volunteers can help you find your gate, recommend dining options, and tell you about the airport’s various amenities. If you are feeling sore after being cooped up in a plane for several hours, consider getting a quick massage at A Massage in Denver International Airport (DEN). With two locations near the A and B Gates, this massage parlor is a quick and convenient way to let go of any tension and stress. For those that are traveling with a small child, take note of the fact that there are private nursing rooms located in each terminal of Denver International Airport. These rooms contain seating, outlets, changing tables, and sinks, and they are free to access. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Denver Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Denver Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Seattle/Tacoma Intl to Denver Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more ANA, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more ANA, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Thursday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more ANA, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Friday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Saturday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +16 more ANA, Air France, +17 more 15 16 Sunday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Denver Intl to Seattle/Tacoma Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +15 more ANA, Air France, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more ANA, Air France, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Thursday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Friday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Saturday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +14 more ANA, Air France, +15 more 13 14 Sunday ANA, Air France, Air Tahiti Nui, +13 more ANA, Air France, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Seattle to Denver See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Seattle to Denver. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Seattle to Denver? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 78entertainment 79food 85overall 85boarding 82comfort 88crew Airline reviews Pros: "Aircraft was clean and comfortable. Crew was efficient and friendly. The whole experience was excellent!" Cons: "There was lots of entertainment available but plain old music was not an option. What if I don't want to watch a movie or TV, just listen to music!"Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "Aircraft was clean and comfortable. Crew was efficient and friendly. The whole experience was excellent!" Cons: "There was lots of entertainment available but plain old music was not an option. What if I don't want to watch a movie or TV, just listen to music!" Pros: "The seat was comfortable and the plane wasn’t over booked." Cons: "I didn’t like that we took off an hour late." Cons: "Two rows up from us, I kid threw up all over the center aisle as we were pulling away from the gate. We returned to the gate to allow a cleaning crew to board and clean. However, the cleaning job was rushed and left remnants of the throw up behind which smelled the whole 2.5 hour flight. It really felt unsanitary and unsafe being that it’s unknown what caused the child to get sick. It very well could have been a stomach virus and could have infected the people in rows around the incident due to the mediocre cleaning job. I understand that it’s important to keep flights on-time, especially for connecting flights, but the safety of the passengers and their health should ALWAYS be the #1 priority." Pros: "The flight attendants were friendly and professional and took time for a little personal conversation." Pros: "Comfortable seats with nice details; power ports; drinks and snacks." Cons: "Boarding in Seattle was ridiculous. Security took a massive amount of time, and we barely arrived in time for th flight despite arriving hours early. The attendants at the gate were a bit rude and begrudgingly accommodating." Pros: "Management as well as staff nice...First trip with Alaska and made my trip nice .. Got a good deal price too." Cons: "Nothing." Pros: "Plane very warm, not comfortable. Only one pass for beverage service." Cons: "Very warm air vents did not work." Pros: "- Crew was friendly as usual" Cons: "- The plane was a bit older, so the seats were not as comfortable as most Alaska flights" Cons: "i wish Alaska would fly straight to Denver from Montana. I fly from Montana to Denver a lot and it ends up being a whole day of travel instead of a couple hour flight." Pros: "It was a short flight. The overhead bins weren't overloaded." Cons: "Boarding was a hassle. The flight was too crowded. The food was non-existent.. Seats were uncomfortable." Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Cons: "My flight was delayed almost 3 hours. Not good. Once in the air it was fine." Pros: "The crew was great and the free entertainment was great" Cons: "Bring back pillows and blankets especially on red eyes out of Anchorage" Cons: "First delay notification: 1 hour 20 minutes 1 hour later, Second delay notification: 3 hours 15 minutes 2 hours later: Third delay notification: 3 hour 50 minutes Fourth delay notification: 4 hours 25 minutes Fifth delay notification: 4 hour 32 minutes No explanation for reason. Last time flying Delta." Pros: "Excellent service in most every respect! Boarding was easy, accommodations were quite ample, food was great, and the entertainment was plentiful." Cons: "Slight problem with making my seat into a bed, which wasn't fixable. Movies were good, except for the trailers before and after each, which seemed to take forever! Didn't get the seats my wife and originally booked with China Southern/Delta, but the substitution was quite adequate! Problems with checking in on flights, as neither airline seemed to be able to deal with this split ticket! But they tried very hard to make thing up to us, which goes a long way to making us feel like we are valued customers!" Pros: "The crew on the airplane was great. We had 2.5 hours turbulences but the crew started to give out drinks as soon they got the ok from the pilot" Cons: "We went in LGA to the Baggage drop off and the employee there was super rude. On the flight to New York with Delta we had to check our carry ons at the gate because it wasn't enough room for bags in the airplane.so we asked when we checked our one suitcase if we can/should check our carry ons to avoid having to do it at the gate. The delta employee told me sure no problem. He checks in my one suitcase I purchased gives me the tracking paper and says ok have a good flight. I asked him so what is with our carry ons and he told us that that would cost 25$ and we can't check those in at the drop off?!?We ended up taking the carry ons with to the gate and then off course there wasn't enough room on the airplane that we had to check it in. And surprise it was free?? We had never issues with Lufthansa, icelandair etc. with checking our bags at drop off to not needing to carry it around and than still end up to check it at the airplane. Every airline has been more than happy that we volunteer to check our bags that they don't have the trouble at the gate." Cons: "Missed connecting flight because the first flight was delayed by 2.5 hours. I didn’t get the comfort seat I paid for because of this and was not given a refund for it." Cons: "The wifi wasn't strong enough to download the app to watch movies on the plane." Cons: "No drink or snack service. No trash pick up. No option to purchase or rent headphones" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The fact they wasted two days of my trip with my son travelling from the U.S. to China because they didn't know about transit visa regulations. And so far they offered a 75 dollar voucher for participating merchants. Unacceptable" Cons: "There are too many announcements on the screen before you can start watching entertainment. It takes about 15 minutes." Pros: "The food and the crew totally good" Cons: "Maybe the toilets, need to be clean at least once in a flight" Pros: "Crew was efficient and pleasant making for a good experience." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Good entertainment choices." Cons: "Uncomfortable seat with insufficient legroom wouldn't recline. Inadequate overhead storage (full flight)" Pros: "The flight itself was fine." Cons: "The gate change was not announced on my phone app (changed from E7 to D49). I hate leaving out of Terminal E at MIA. There is no point to having TSA Pre-Check if you have to stand in line with people who don't have it. I have to remove my liquids and laptop. It's such a shabby, run-down terminal." Cons: "American Airlies no longer partners with T-Mobile for free WiFi. :-(" Pros: "Jesus, the flight was phenomenal! He lightened up the atmosphere with his wit and grace." Pros: "Pretty standard flight" Cons: "Inconvenient timing and overcrowded with obnoxious children sitting on laps. No attempts made to change their behavior by crew or parents." Pros: "The flight got me there" Cons: "WiFi was too slow to be able to watch anything. Seat small and uncomfortable. Flight attendants not friendly." Cons: "Didn't like the two hour delay, especially when I was notified only a half hour before boarding! This seems to be a normal thing for American Airlines." Pros: "Everyone was nice and helped with any questions I had" Cons: "Logging into the internet from the iPad" Pros: "The crew was nice. When I finally arrived in Denver, Marlin in customer service was the only saving grace for United for me. When I asked for options for an earlier flight into Rapid City so I didn’t have to wait 24 hours and miss my visit with my sister, he looked at different hubs (Chicago, Minneapolis) to see if they had any available flights into Rapid, he checked for double bookings, and when he couldn’t find anything, he put me on the standby list for the first flight out in the morning and wrote down the flight information for all of the United flights from Denver for the following day. Marlin provided excellent customer service and was a huge credit to the company." Cons: "The flight was supposed to leave at 3:56 pm and didn’t leave until 7:30 pm. I would estimate at least 15-20 people missed connecting flights because of the delay. According to the United app, the delay initially started in Portland due to mechanical issues, which took over 3 hours. Then, there was a weather delay in San Francisco according to the gate agent - there was a ground hold and no planes were landing or flying out. At some point, I would think another plane would have been an option rather than delaying a flight for this long and disrupting holiday travel for so many people." Pros: "The crew were friendly and attentive" Cons: "Delays were caused because the captains lost the fuel sheet and calculated the remaining furl incorrectly. we were delayed 45 minutes for this." Pros: "I liked the ticket price." Cons: "The seat was very narrow with absolutely minimal leg space, and a carry-on bag was not included in the fare." Pros: "On time." Cons: "Could my knees get just one more inch? Why am I tolerating a seat designed for a short person?" Cons: "Delta Global Services is the contract company for UA and Delta in MISSOULA. After a great flight to MSO from Denver, we have been sitting in the plane while DGS tried to figure out how to get us off the plane. No management is here to make decisions. Horrible company that is managing United’s flight" Pros: "The flight started with 7 min delay for one crew not showing up. Eventually we had to wait on the plane for one hour for the plane to fly" Cons: "contacted customer service 3 times while the first 2 times over the phone and was promised to get a $100 travel voucher in 24-48 hours. Never got that. When called 3rd time I was asked to email their support which I did and one week have passed and nobody bothered to respond yet. Typical United!" Pros: "It left on time and arrived early." Cons: "One of the flight attendants was particularly snippy with everyone." Cons: "The ground crew seems not to have a good understanding of the available over-head space and asks passengers to checks bags in unnecessarily. For the second time in a row, I was told that there is no overhead space left and that I need to check my bag while I was boarding. I saw that this wasn't the case when I got on board. Needless to say that waiting to pickup my carry-on at my destination added an unnecessary half an hour to my trip." Cons: "Lost bags and every time I called to find out where they were I would get a different story. I was told it would be on the next flight for the next 5 flights." Cons: "All the basic comforts of an airplane had been hollowed out. There is no cushion to the seating, you have to purchase water, the seats do not recline, it felt more like flying on a military aircraft than a commercial passenger plane. You get charged extra for everything!" Pros: "Happy and helpful crew even though there were many upset and stressed out travelers." Cons: "Extremely long lines at check-in at SeaTac, over 1 hour spent in line just to drop off a bag. My flight plus the two before me were delayed." Cons: "I am handicapped. Can't stand very well or for very long. I had to stand in line for over 2 hrs. They didnt open the check in until 2 hrs before boarding. Then it was almost 15 to 20 minutes for them to check us in once they were there. I was Furious over the $45 each for the 2 bags I had. Terrible s huh ock.. a friend had 3 bags and was required to pay $170... Had to pay for pop. Wow... the seats were tiny and no padding" Cons: "Dirty plane. Tight quarters. Mismanaged time. Unorganized. Not worth the 20 dollar discount in comparison to other airlines that have more comfort and don't charge an outlandish amount for a carry on. It was my first time flying Frontier, and needless to say I was incredibly disappointed. Loaded onto the plane until we were supposed to take off, then deplaned for what they said would be an hour of required maintenance (which I don't know why they didn't take care of ahead of time), turned into 3 plus hours. And they can't even offer a complimentary beverage? Unimpressed, all around." Pros: "hmm" Cons: "layover nothing was in order staff sucked yall kept moving gate yall could at lest give us a soda for the long rides" Pros: "Crew was entertaining" Cons: "Second most uncomfortable plane I've ever been on. Most uncomfortable was the frontier transfer directly after." Pros: "Not much" Cons: "Cost of bags, not understanding person in terminal during boarding, plane seats; I keep saying we will NOT Frontier again. I must have been desperate." Pros: "The price of tickets. Plane was on time and crew were excellent. The plane was new and seats were comfy." Cons: "We did not know we needed to ask for our seats at the time of check in. A little confusing when we got to the gate. It turned out fine with our sitting in the seats for emergency. They were very comfortable." Pros: "The whole experience was smooth:) I have learned how to travel by flight over the years. The less luggage the better most of my bad experiences are with T.S.A. theft and slow down." Cons: "It's horrible I miss my flight and no body told me I have to there 2hrs ahead but when I get to the airport I couldn't find anybody any one from frontier agents , I end up asking people what happened they don't even know and I told they are done and left that's horrible no body there to help to book for the n cut flight . Their customer service phone number is a scam there no body to help you . Even I get a big discount with I will never ever fly with them ." Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Seattle to Denver Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Seattle to Denver found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/13Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 11h 32mSEA-DEN $34 Search 3/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 40mSEA-DEN $36 Search 2/17Sat nonstopDelta 2h 43mSEA-DEN $69 Search 1/2Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 42mSEA-DEN $79 Search 12/31Sun nonstopDelta 2h 43mSEA-DEN $99 Search 12/26Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 41mSEA-DEN $129 Search 12/26Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 41mSEA-DEN $149 Search 3/5Tue 2 stopsAlaska Airlines 21h 34mSEA-DEN $154 Search 2/2Fri 1 stopAmerican Airlines 15h 42mSEA-DEN $155 Search 1/29Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 11h 44mSEA-DEN $199 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAlaska AirlinesUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by price$40 or less$80 or less$130 or less$150 or less$200 or less Last minute flights from Seattle to Denver Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Seattle to Denver that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stop 12h 51mSEA-DEN 12/5Tue nonstop 3h 11mDEN-SEA $168 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 12h 51mSEA-DEN 12/5Tue nonstop 3h 11mDEN-SEA $169 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 12h 06mSEA-DEN 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 01mDEN-SEA $170 Search 12/4Mon multi-stop 12h 06mSEA-DEN 12/6Wed nonstop 3h 11mDEN-SEA $179 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopFrontier 13h 49mSEA-DEN 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 11mDEN-SEA $198 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopFrontier 10h 46mSEA-DEN 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 3h 11mDEN-SEA $226 Search 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 2h 46mSEA-DEN 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 3h 05mDEN-SEA $732 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 4h 25mSEA-DEN 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 3h 08mDEN-SEA $742 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 5h 14mSEA-DEN 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 12h 58mDEN-SEA $815 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 11h 22mSEA-DEN 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 36mDEN-SEA $1,264 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierDeltaAlaska AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$170 or less$180 or less$230 or less$740 or less$1,260 or less Seattle - Denver Flights Departure: Seattle (SEA)United States Destination: Denver (DEN)United States Return flight deals: Denver - Seattle Cabin classes: $508 First Class flights to Denver $637 Business Class flights to Denver $359 Prem Econ Class flights to Denver $58 Economy Class flights to Denver Browse origins: Flights » United States » Washington » Seattle $75Flights from Seattle to Denver Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Colorado » Denver $75Flights to Denver, Denver Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Dallas Flights to Ontario Flights to Honolulu Flights to San Diego Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Denver flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Denver from Seattle. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Denver from Seattle. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.