Cheap Flights from Miami to Rome from $189 | (MIA - ROM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MIA - ROM Find cheap flights from Miami to Rome from $189 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/16. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Rome These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Rome. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Rome. How much is the cheapest flight from Miami to Rome?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Miami to Rome that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 4:30 pm - 3:55 pmMIA-FCO 17h 25m1 stop 12:15 pm - 9:55 pmFCO-MIA 15h 40m1 stop $405TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Tue, Feb 13 - Sun, Feb 18 4:30 pm - 11:25 amMIA-FCO 12h 55m1 stop 7:35 pm - 2:40 pmFCO-MIA 25h 05m1 stop $406TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Wed, Feb 21 - Tue, Feb 27 7:50 pm - 11:40 amMIA-FCO 9h 50mnonstop 10:20 am - 4:05 pmFCO-MIA 11h 45mnonstop $456ITA Airways Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Thu, Feb 22 8:00 pm - 11:40 amMIA-FCO 9h 40mnonstop 10:20 am - 4:05 pmFCO-MIA 11h 45mnonstop $486ITA Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Thu, Feb 29 3:20 pm - 1:00 pmMIA-FCO 15h 40m2 stops 6:30 am - 3:45 pmFCO-MIA 15h 15m1 stop $528American Airlines Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Wed, Jan 24 1:39 pm - 9:00 amMIA-FCO 13h 21m2 stops 6:30 am - 8:20 pmFCO-MIA 19h 50m1 stop $529American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Feb 6 6:59 am - 11:40 amMIA-FCO 22h 41m2 stops 8:10 am - 7:05 pmFCO-MIA 16h 55m1 stop $544British Airways Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 16 9:45 pm - 5:25 pmMIA-FCO 13h 40m1 stop 10:30 am - 7:10 pmFCO-MIA 14h 40m1 stop $564Air Europa Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Thu, Jan 25 3:16 pm - 11:20 amMIA-FCO 14h 04m1 stop 8:15 am - 4:45 pmFCO-MIA 14h 30m1 stop $571British Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 3 - Fri, Jan 12 9:30 pm - 5:25 pmMIA-FCO 13h 55m1 stop 10:30 am - 6:55 pmFCO-MIA 14h 25m1 stop $634Air Europa Find Deal Wed, Apr 17 - Wed, May 1 Show more results Flights from Miami to Rome - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Miami to Rome to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Miami to Rome flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Miami to Rome. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Miami to Rome cost $430 and was between Miami and Rome Fiumicino Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $498. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Miami to Rome? The average price of all flights from Miami to Rome clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Miami to Rome, you should consider leaving on a Monday and avoid Saturdays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Miami, you’ll find the best rates on Wednesdays and the most expensive ones on Thursdays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Miami to Rome? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Miami to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Miami to Rome is January, where tickets cost $525 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,406 and $1,328 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Miami to Rome? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Miami to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Miami to Rome, you should book around 0 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 22 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Miami to Rome? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Miami to Rome were found on TAP AIR PORTUGAL ($405) and ITA Airways ($456). Scandinavian Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $336. Which airlines fly non-stop between Miami and Rome? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Miami to Rome. There is just one airline that flies from Miami to Rome direct and that is ITA Airways. The best one-way deal found from ITA Airways for the route is $508. How many flights are there between Miami and Rome per day? Each day, there are between 1 and 2 nonstop flights that take off from Miami and land in Rome, with an average flight time of 9h 50m. The most common departure time is 7:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening, while the most flights land at Rome Fiumicino Airport. Each week, there are 4 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 50% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Thursday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Miami and Rome? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Miami to Rome take? Direct flights take on average 9h 40m to travel the 5,181 miles between Miami and Rome. What’s the earliest departure time from Miami to Rome? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Miami at 7:50 pm and will be landing in Rome at 11:40 am. What’s the latest departure time from Miami to Rome? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Miami to Rome jets off at 11:10 pm and lands at 3:00 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $189 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 41% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 59% increase in price. Flight from Miami to Rome Fiumicino Airport When to book flights from Miami to Rome Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Miami to Rome based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Miami to Rome What are the common stopover options for flights from Miami to Rome? Several airlines flying this route offer nonstop flights. Flights with at least one stop en route are also available, with the stopover options depending on your airline. United Airlines fly one-stop flights from MIA with a common stop at Dulles International (IAD). When flying with American Airlines, you’ll have a single stop at Philadelphia International (PHL). Which airports in Miami offer flights to Rome? Most of the flights from Miami to Rome usually depart from MIA. Therefore looking for flights from this airport will give you more flight options as it is one of the major international airports serving the greater Miami metropolitan area. If you're from this region, you can alternatively book flights from Fort Lauderdale International Airport (FLL). Which airlines offer eco-friendly flights from Miami to Rome? Each passenger emits about 8442 lbs. of carbon on flights to Roe from Miami. Australian Airlines, Lufthansa, Delta, and ITA Airways offer among the most sustainable flights to Rome from Miami. Their flights emit 26%, 25%, 23%, and 22% less carbon, respectively. What is the easiest way to travel from the city center to Miami International Airport? The Miami Metrorail offers one of the easiest ways of getting to the airport from the city center. The Orange Line runs directly from the city center to the airport. The trains run every 15 to 30 minutes depending on the time of the day and take about 20-25 minutes to complete the trip. Does Rome Fiumicino International Airport offer support for travelers with special needs? Yes, FCO is an accessible airport with lots of programs and services that ensure travelers with disabilities get through the airport easily. The airport runs a special assistance program that helps travelers with reduced mobility or disabilities go through disembarking, check-in, and security screening easily. Are there pet amenities at Miami International Airport? If you’re traveling with your pet through MIA, you will be happy to learn that the airport is a pet-friendly facility. The airport has both indoor and outdoor pet relief areas equipped with trash cans, artificial turf, and waste bags. The outdoor pet relief zones are outside the terminals while the indoor areas are in Concourses D and J. Passengers who are unable to board with their pets can use the airport’s pet boarding facility. It offers grooming and boarding services for small pets like dogs and cats. Which Rome airport is the best one to fly into? Both facilities are serviceable, so it depends on what suits your needs. Ciampino (CIA) is closer to Rome’s city center, but it’s the smaller of the two. Fiumicino (FCO) (aka Leonardo da Vinci airport) is to the west of Rome’s city center, near the coast. If you’re staying out that way, this airport may make more sense. What is the smartest way to get from Rome Fiumicino (FCO) to Rome’s city center? Leonardo da Vinci airport is well-connected to all the major modes of transportation. With a lot of bags, the smartest way might be a taxi. There are fixed-rate fares at around €48 ($60) and the drive takes around 50min. The 30min Leonardo da Vinci train is another smart way to go, with departures every 15min. Are there hotels or facilities to freshen up at either Rome airport? If you need to wait for your Rome accommodations to be ready, the Leonardo da Vinci airport has the HelloSky hotel, located on-site near the security checkpoint. You can purchase a shower-only package here, or you could purchase access to a lounge, which has shower facilities. Is parking easy at Miami International Airport (MIA)? To make it easy, there are two main garages. Check which terminal your airline flies from so you can choose the closest. Valet parking is the more expensive option at around $30 per day. Terminal parking is around $20. SpotHero allows you to reserve in advance and offers a small discount for doing so. Should I rent a car in Rome? If you’re staying far from the city center, it might make sense to rent a car. Otherwise, public transportation may be the way to go. Traffic in Rome can be tough to navigate, and most of the attractions are accessible by foot anyway. With the cost of parking anywhere from about €25-50 daily ($30-60), it’s often wise to forgo the car rental. Do I need a passport to fly between Miami and Rome? Yes Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Miami to Rome? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Miami to Rome flight route: American Airlines, Lufthansa, SWISS, Iberia, United Airlines, JetBlue, and Finnair. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Miami to Rome? The Airbus A330 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Miami to Rome flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Miami to Rome? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Miami and Rome. On which days can I fly direct from Miami to Rome? There are nonstop flights from Miami to Rome on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Miami to Rome, Delta or British Airways? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Miami to Rome are Delta and British Airways. With an average price for the route of $729 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. British Airways is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $871 and an overall rating of 7.3. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Miami to Rome? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Miami to Rome. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Miami to Rome? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Rome from Miami is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Miami to Rome? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Rome with an airline and back to Miami with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Miami to Rome? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Rome from Miami up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Miami to Rome Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $488 or less one-way and $613 or less round-trip. Miami International Airport (MIA) offers a Children’s Play Area where you can take your kids to burn off some energy as you wait for your flight to Rome. The play area is near Gate E5 on Concourse E and features a soft play zone for toddlers, hot air balloon rides, and a themed control tower. If you get anxious before boarding your flights, you will be happy to know that MIA has trained therapy dogs. The dogs and their owners go around the airport two days a week to snuggle with travelers who love dogs. Most flights on this route arrive at Rome Fiumicino International Airport (FCO). The airport consists of Terminals 1, 2, 3, and 4. Getting around the airport is easy, as it has shuttle buses that offer inter-terminal transit. The buses operate daily from 1 am to 5 am and run every 15 minutes. You can request the buses via the intercoms located at the stops. Rome has two airports: Rome Ciampino (CIA) and Rome Fiumicino (FCO). Fiumicino is commonly referred to as Leonardo da Vinci airport and sees the most international traffic. Ciampino (CIA) is the smaller of Rome’s two airports and is closer to the city center. Though they are both international airports, Ciampino is favored by smaller airlines and budget carriers. Miami International Airport (MIA) has a yoga room where you can relax and stretch before your flight. Book an off-peak flight, save some money, and gain a little peace of mind too. Be stress-free from the start. Pre-purchase a lounge pass online, check in early, and relax in any one of the fabulous lounges that Miami International Airport (MIA) offers. Though Leonardo da Vinci airport (FCO) is further out of town than Rome Ciampino (CIA), it has the Leonardo Express train, which runs every 15min. The trip to Rome takes just 30min. Transferring from Rome Ciampino (CIA) airport to Rome’s city center is easy. The bus leaves every 30min and costs about €1.50 ($2). Metered taxis are an option too; the cost varies depending on traffic and distance to your destination. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Miami to Rome? Find which airlines fly direct from Miami to Rome, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Miami to Rome Search Flights Monday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Tuesday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Wednesday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Thursday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Friday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Saturday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Sunday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more See more direct flights Nonstop returns Rome to Miami Search Flights Monday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Tuesday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Wednesday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Thursday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Friday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Saturday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more Sunday Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, SAUDIA Etihad Airways, ITA Airways, +1 more See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Miami to Rome See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Miami to Rome. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Miami to Rome? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29954 reviews 78comfort 85crew 78entertainment 75food 81overall 81boarding Airline reviews Pros: "The boarding was great and moved very well. The crew super friendly and helpful." Cons: "More information on how to use the complimentary Wifi in the cabin. I had the app and it helped me but it’s not immediately in front of you so the passenger can decide. You guys offer WiFi in packages and most of the other airlines do not."Read more about Delta Pros: "The boarding was great and moved very well. The crew super friendly and helpful." Cons: "More information on how to use the complimentary Wifi in the cabin. I had the app and it helped me but it’s not immediately in front of you so the passenger can decide. You guys offer WiFi in packages and most of the other airlines do not." Pros: "The crew is always smiling and ready to help you and I really like that." Pros: "Arrived on time and smooth flight though it was completely full" Pros: "The flight was not cancelled, crew was friendly, we arrived at our destination." Cons: "Flight delayed two hours and absolutely no info provided to customers about what was going on and if/when flight would depart." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They charged me $646 for the flight. And we departed 40 min later. I arrived late to my work. They gave me seat in the back of the plane. Horrible" Pros: "Crew did not serve breakfast because flight arrived earlier How about better communication with pilot?" Pros: "Staff are adept at dealing with these issues but it is a systemic problem." Cons: "Rather than pay luggage fees, people are bringing on their luggage and the flight ALWAYS runs out of space. Suitcases are being moved around right at people heads and more than once I've been hit and seen other people be hit in the head by a suitcase. Getting luggage in place used to be a simple and minor issue, now it occupies much of the time, energy, and attention of the cabin crew as well as the gate crew. I realize this is making money for Delta but the cost is being paid by people being hit in the head with luggage and the crew's unavailability to deal with other issues." Pros: "Friendly service. Frequent snacks which is nice on a 10-hour flight." Cons: "Cramped conditions" Pros: "The take off and landing were very smooth and the crew was nice." Cons: "Crying baby aboard" Cons: "By mistake I booked my ticket for the wrong date Called to change it, wait time was over 2hrs went to the delta app and it cost me $200 to do it. Get to airport and ask for an up grade not possible but if I paid $200 when rebooking the flight I could have gotten one. Snacks were horrible and I have a delta card and was charged $29 to get in plus a charge for my extra suitcase. It’s ridiculous given the amount of money I spend on m card on the monthly basis. Very disappointing" The plane was clean and the staff was friendly. Food and drinks as expected on international flights. The entertainment system was old style, with a pullout controller, and selections not as extensive as on other flights. All and all pretty good. It’s crowded but that is what flying is all about. But no complaints otherwise. At the transit could be less time not like 12 hour 6 hours the mix should be 4 hour, thanks Cons: "The airline lost my suitcase and deliver it only 72 hours later... They refused to give me proper compensation for items that were broken..." Cons: "The only complaint I had was that it was very warm on the flight (and I usually get cold on flights), and in the seats we had there weren't fans above the seats. A few rows up they had fans, so apparently you have to pay extra for air... This wouldn't be a big deal on a short domestic flight, but for an international flight it was a long time to be uncomfortable!" Pros: "Great crew." Cons: "Ran out of business class meal. Substituted a Econ class." Pros: "Crew was helpful and food was very good" Cons: "There was no entertainment on the flight from Vancouver to Amsterdam and this on top of a two hour delay in taking off which led us to have to literally run to our gate in Amsterdam to make the connection to Mumbai" Cons: "Flight 2 hours delayed, started boarding but had to wait on line 10 more minutes on boarding ramp for plane door to be opened, upon landing in Dublin had to wait on tarmac for anther 15 minutes for stairs to arrive and be connected to airplane. Then had to wait another hour for checked luggage...." Pros: "The crew was amazing and the food was great." Cons: "Something did not go right with our booking so it took some work for the airline to get it figured out for us. Thankfully we had left plenty of time. But that was an unexpected stress." Cons: "Landlords gave an unpleasant service! Which continued with late of 50min of the flight, they didn’t do anything to help/ to provide the passengers the answers. The food was cold It was comfort place to sit. Bad experience with KLM" Premium Economy is good value in comparison to Business Class. Not all the perks of Business but a lot of leg room and wider seat and elbow room. Food was very good. I even asked for a Gruner Veltliner wine which was not on the trolley and the attendant went into Business/First to get me a glass. Nice little touch. I would like to have a wider selection of music -- more 70's-80's (guess how old I am). It becomes like Wizz air, no good, bad comfort and you should pay for 20kg bag. Pros: "Food was quite good, and they were great about continually offering beverages throughout the flight." Cons: "Flight was delayed more 1:15 and it is a 35 min flight. If this happens so late in the night is even worse." Cons: "Inside the plane everything was great and the floght atendants were very nice, however in check in I was teated very poorly" Pros: "The attendants on Austrian air are all very nice and helpful. You can make any request of them or ask any question and they are happy to help. Great customer service. Arrived on time. Also, very good entertainment options!" Cons: "The seats are very uncomfortable on Austrian air. The only way I would fly them again would be if I had extra money for the exit rows with more leg room. Food isn't great, but no airline food is really great. Boarding was significantly delayed from what it said on the boarding pass, with no updates. But we arrived on time. Getting luggage after flight at Dulles took a really long time, but I think that is more of an airport issue as getting my luggage from another Austrian airlines flight to another airport was a breeze." Cons: "Boarding process was not easy to hear and it was unclear where the line for our gate ended and the line for the gate right next to ours began" Cons: "As a gluten free person dinner delicious but after 5-6 next hours for breakfast I got few small slices of melon... like really?? This will not feed anyone! For next time I know that I have to bring my own food.. so bad! While servis time we ordered whisky with cola and after one hour we went to ask for one more cause we wanted and CA told us they dont serve anymore whisky only wine or beer. Besides this things when I came to plane my sit and table tray was dirty so we had to put blanket over... for the first time I write bad feedback but I have to cause it was terrible.." Cons: "Let some people pass first even though they arrived after us and we al had same tickets (or gave preference for no apparent reason), I did tell thecgate agent and he apologized" Cons: "KAYAK or Austrian cancelled my ticket. KAYAK officials didn’t show any readiness to do anything about a ticket that was purchased and paid for. KAYAK system is still sending me questions how was my trip! Ironically? Additionally, I had to book another ticket to get close to my destination, book a midnight Taxi to another country." Pros: "Friendly staff. Free drink and snack. Comfy seats and very easy boarding process" Pros: "The flight attendants were wonderful." Cons: "You take a bus to reach the plane and the seats are uncomfortable without any entertainment systems. Thankfully the flight was only 1.5 hours." Pros: "The flight attendants were friendly, and service was fast. The snack was a chicken and carrot sandwich. It was good." Cons: "The boarding was delayed twice and no explanation was given by the staff. We arrived 1 hour late." Pros: "The staff were very friendly; more so on this flight than the last flight. I booked seats for the emergency exit knowing it gives more leg room." Cons: "My baggage was not on the carrousel that was listed on the display, it took a long time to get my bag and it caused me to be late to check into my lodging." Pros: "Plane was clean and a little more roomy than most long distance flights." Cons: "Entertainment system in my row didn't work correctly. Flight delayed due to weather. On board announcements said Lufthansa would rebook passengers with connecting flights and tell us arrangements as soon as we landed. No sign of Lufthansa reps at arrival gate area and zero directions on where to go. Had to walk miles through Frankfurt airport , go through immigration and security again without any direction one where to find Lufthansa and when finally found Lufthansa service counter it was understaffed with long lines and confusion. By time we learned rebooking, we almost missed rebooked connections. So much for German organizing and efficiency." Pros: "It was overall a great flying experience." Cons: "One of my connections was way too short. I almost missed my flight. I had to run!" Pros: "There's nothing much that's positive to say about this leg of our journey." Cons: "Not only was the flight delayed, but there was confusion at the gate for boarding of even first or business class. We had to carry our luggage down 2 flights of stairs to get on a bus, which then transported us a very long ways away on the tarmac. Then it was an older model plane and the engine noise, even though we were up front, was extremely loud! It was somewhat worrisome. The food was terrible and by the end of the 90 minute flight our rears were sore from the poor seat cushioning. Not a good experience at all. All of this was after a terrible experience and delay just trying to connect flights within the German airport and the security delays that probably would have made us lose our flight if it wasn't delayed. There needs to be a better system if you are not staying in Germany but just connecting flights from the same airline!" Cons: "Having to go through passport control and security a second time took too much time for the connection between flights." Pros: "Nothing good to say" Cons: "Expect to be delayed if it snows a bit in Munich. Delayed for more than 7 hours total. 3 of those on the plane in Munich. Horrible!" Pros: "Always professional in every detail Great food Great customer service" Cons: "The variety of drinks" Boarding the plane outside in the rain was a pain. Very safe flight Food was good. Flight attendants were friendly and helpful. We felt that a lot of the movies on board were old movies. Pros: "Amazing crew, fast boarding." Cons: "Uninspired food. I was served the same meals 30 years ago." Pros: "Smiling crew, clean airplane, tasty healthy food. I had all I needed to be comfortable." Cons: "I can’t think of anything to improve on." Cons: "The baggage fees has to be clearly informed, they have a different fees almost double if u checkin bag from 22hrs of departure, total ripoff. Bundle the baggage fees when you buy ticket." Pros: "On time. Arrive early. Smooth flight and landing." Cons: "More meal options. Only chicken for dinner. I’m vegetarian." Pros: "na" Cons: "The airplane crew was rude. They could have been more nicer regarding food. My mother is diabetic and I asked the lady to get her a small sandwich or something so she can take her meds and plus her sugar levels where getting low. And the lady on her side was really rude and said NO." Pros: "New, clean airplane with a friendly and professional crew. It was not as uncomfortable as some of the other airlines I've used, though eight hours in economy is still too much. I chose it in part because of the connection through Copenhagen, which I recommend for an overnight stay. Great city." Cons: "The chicken something or other on one of the flights was truly disgusting, but the rest of the economy food service was okay." Pros: "Good value for money. Just about on time, 8 minutes late only. Boarding was very fast. Coffee serves for free." Cons: "Obviously, no food or water in Economy." Cons: "the staff constantly refused to help when they could and provided wrong information that caused me to miss my flight. i will never book through kayak because of this experience." Delta7.9 KLM7.8 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Book cheap flights from Miami to Rome Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Miami to Rome found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/16Tue 1 stop 13h 40mMIA-FCO $189 Search 2/20Tue 1 stop 13h 40mMIA-FCO $197 Search 12/5Tue nonstopITA Airways 9h 50mMIA-FCO $363 Search 12/29Fri nonstopITA Airways 9h 50mMIA-FCO $374 Search 12/29Fri 1 stopBritish Airways 36h 09mMIA-FCO $424 Search 1/19Fri 1 stopAir Europa 13h 40mMIA-FCO $441 Search 3/13Wed 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 13h 15mMIA-FCO $461 Search 3/10Sun 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 13h 00mMIA-FCO $462 Search 12/20Wed 1 stopAir Europa 13h 40mMIA-FCO $484 Search 12/29Fri 2 stopsBritish Airways 19h 20mMIA-FCO $523 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineITA AirwaysBritish AirwaysAir EuropaTAP AIR PORTUGAL Search by price$200 or less$370 or less$440 or less$460 or less$520 or less Last minute flights from Miami to Rome Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Miami to Rome that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/3Sun multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 25h 55mMIA-FCO 3/20Wed multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 25h 05mFCO-MIA $528 Search 12/1Fri multi-stop 22h 25mMIA-CIA 12/5Tue multi-stop 38h 15mCIA-MIA $536 Search 12/3Sun multi-stop 34h 15mMIA-CIA 3/20Wed multi-stop 30h 55mCIA-MIA $537 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 25h 25mMIA-FCO 12/14Thu multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 25h 05mFCO-MIA $538 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 19h 20mMIA-FCO 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 20h 30mFCO-MIA $566 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 15h 09mMIA-FCO 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 20h 30mFCO-MIA $575 Search 12/1Fri nonstopITA Airways 9h 40mMIA-FCO 12/4Mon nonstopITA Airways 11h 45mFCO-MIA $604 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopAir Europa 13h 40mMIA-FCO 12/6Wed multi-stopAir Europa 30h 45mFCO-MIA $609 Search 12/1Fri nonstopITA Airways 9h 40mMIA-FCO 12/8Fri nonstopITA Airways 11h 45mFCO-MIA $635 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopBritish Airways 12h 50mMIA-FCO 12/5Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 16h 55mFCO-MIA $15,557 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTAP AIR PORTUGALAmerican AirlinesITA AirwaysAir EuropaBritish Airways Search by price$540 or less$540 or less$580 or less$610 or less$15,560 or less Miami - Rome Flights Departure: Miami (MIA)United States Return flight deals: Rome - Miami Cabin classes: First Class flights to Rome $2,534 Business Class flights to Rome $1,411 Prem Econ Class flights to Rome $498 Economy Class flights to Rome Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Miami $405Flights from Miami to Rome Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Italy » Rome $489Flights to Rome Ciampino Airport, Rome $405Flights to Rome Fiumicino Airport, Rome Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Philadelphia Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Ontario Flights to Charlotte Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Rome flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Rome from Miami. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Rome from Miami. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.