Cheap Flights from Newark Airport to Rome from $233 | (EWR - ROM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW EWR - ROM Find cheap flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome from $233 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/25. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Rome These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Rome. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Newark to Rome. How much is the cheapest flight from Newark to Rome?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Newark to Rome that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:30 pm - 1:30 pmEWR-FCO 12h 00m1 stop 11:45 am - 6:20 pmFCO-EWR 12h 35m1 stop $415Icelandair Find Deal Thu, Feb 22 - Thu, Feb 29 5:20 pm - 7:20 pmEWR-FCO 20h 00m1 stop 8:10 pm - 12:55 pmFCO-EWR 22h 45m1 stop $425Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Thu, Apr 18 - Sat, Apr 27 11:55 pm - 12:25 amEWR-FCO 18h 30m1 stop 4:45 pm - 3:35 pmFCO-EWR 28h 50m1 stop $435TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Thu, Jan 25 5:40 pm - 3:55 pmEWR-FCO 16h 15m1 stop 4:45 pm - 3:35 pmFCO-EWR 28h 50m1 stop $453TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Thu, Feb 1 2:48 pm - 8:30 amEWR-FCO 11h 42m1 stop 9:55 am - 1:55 pmFCO-EWR 10h 00mnonstop $517United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 6:00 am - 11:15 amEWR-FCO 23h 15m1 stop 10:30 am - 6:28 pmFCO-EWR 13h 58m1 stop $523United Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 9 - Mon, Feb 19 5:40 pm - 7:55 amEWR-FCO 8h 15mnonstop 1:15 pm - 7:05 pmFCO-EWR 11h 50m1 stop $526Lufthansa Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Tue, Feb 20 8:50 pm - 3:10 pmEWR-FCO 12h 20m1 stop 9:55 am - 1:55 pmFCO-EWR 10h 00mnonstop $532Lufthansa Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Mon, Jan 22 9:45 pm - 7:05 pmEWR-FCO 15h 20m1 stop 1:45 pm - 10:05 pmFCO-EWR 14h 20m1 stop $539British Airways Find Deal Sat, Feb 17 - Sat, Feb 24 7:55 am - 12:50 pmEWR-FCO 22h 55m1 stop 7:50 am - 7:45 pmFCO-EWR 17h 55m1 stop $567British Airways Find Deal Fri, Feb 16 - Sat, Feb 24 Show more results Flights from Newark to Rome - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Newark to Rome to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Newark Airport to Rome flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Newark Airport to Rome. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Newark Airport to Rome cost $485 and was between Newark Airport and Rome Fiumicino Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $558. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? The average price of all flights from Newark Airport to Rome clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Rome on a Monday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Friday is the most expensive day to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Monday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Newark Airport to Rome? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Newark Airport to Rome is January, where tickets cost $574 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and May, where the average cost of tickets is $1,244 and $1,149 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Newark Airport to Rome? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Newark Airport to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Newark Airport to Rome, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 20 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $415 on Icelandair, followed by Scandinavian Airlines ($425). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $291 on Icelandair and from $300 on Scandinavian Airlines. Which airlines fly non-stop between Newark Airport and Rome? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Newark Airport to Rome. There is just one airline that flies from Newark Airport to Rome direct and that is United Airlines. The best one-way deal found from United Airlines for the route is $577. How many flights are there between Newark Airport and Rome per day? Each day, there are 2 nonstop flights that take off from Newark Airport and land in Rome, with an average flight time of 8h 15m. The most common departure time is 5:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 14 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 2. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Newark Airport and Rome? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome take? A direct flight to Rome will take on average 8h 15m to travel the 4,286 miles flying distance from Newark Liberty Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Newark Airport at 5:40 pm and will be landing in Rome at 7:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Newark Airport to Rome jets off at 5:40 pm and lands at 7:55 am. Good to know Low season December High season September Cheapest flight $233 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 5% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 3% increase in price. Flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome Fiumicino Airport When to book flights from Newark to Rome Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Newark to Rome based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Newark Liberty Airport to Rome flights Are there special flights services from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? Multiple airlines flying from EWR to Rome consider persons with reduced mobility. Consider traveling with Air Canada and enjoy increased flight accessibility. The airline provides stowing mobility aid, especially when there is inadequate space on board, a designated wheelchair to aid mobility in the airport before takeoff, assistance at check-in, and accessible restrooms. How can I catch the earliest flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? Catching morning flights can be daunting, especially if you have to commute amid rush hours. To beat the hassle, consider booking a hotel around EWR, and there is an unlimited choice when it comes to hotels you can sleep in. Newark Liberty International Airport Marriott, Hilton Newark Airport, Crowne Plaza Newark Airport, an IHG Hotel, and Best Western Riverview Inn & Suites offer accommodation services and have convenient airport access. How can I travel sustainably from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? To be environmentally friendly, consider booking flights with fewer stopovers to minimize your carbon footprint. Icelandair, Scandinavian, and TAP AIR PORTUGAL offer one-stop flights from EWR to FCO. However, Scandinavian Airlines offer more sustainable flights because of their strict sustainability policies. Besides encouraging lighter travel by discouraging items with excessive packaging, the airline uses sustainable aviation fuel in most commercial flights. They're also heightening fuel efficiency by replacing older aircraft with newer ones. Are there family-friendly flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? When traveling with your young ones from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome, consider traveling with Lufthansa Airlines. You'll pay 10% of the adult airfares for infants below 2 and 75% for children from 2 to 11 years old. Bassinets are also available on advance request, and small charges may apply. They provide logbooks to first-time children. Do I need a passport to fly between Newark Liberty Airport and Rome? A passport is required to fly from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome. Which airports will I be using when flying from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? When flying out of Newark Liberty Airport you will be using Newark. You will be landing at one of these airports: Rome Ciampino or Rome Fiumicino. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? Air France, Delta, KLM, Alaska Airlines, and Cape Air offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Newark Liberty Airport to Rome flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? The Boeing 777 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Newark Liberty Airport to Rome flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Newark Liberty Airport and Rome. On which days can I fly direct from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? There are nonstop flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Newark to Rome, SWISS or Lufthansa? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Newark to Rome are SWISS and Lufthansa. With an average price for the route of $959 and an overall rating of 8.0, SWISS is the most popular choice. Lufthansa is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $1,024 and an overall rating of 7.8. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Rome from Newark Liberty Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Rome with an airline and back to Newark Liberty Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Newark Liberty Airport to Rome? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Rome from Newark Liberty Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Newark to Rome Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $525 or less one-way and $767 or less round-trip. Traveling to Rome on business? Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) is a central hub for air travel in New Jersey, with multiple airlines offering various flight options. The common airlines to expect include Scandinavian Airlines, Lufthansa, Icelandair, TAP AIR PORTUGAL, Air Canada, SWISS, British Airways, United Airlines, and Brussels Airlines. When traveling from EWR to Rome, you'll land at Rome Fiumicino Airport (FCO) but expect at least one stopover before your final destination. While the common layover cities are Philadelphia, Miami, Charlotte, Barcelona, Brussels, Paris, and Athens, other flights stop in Detroit, Chicago, Oslo, Frankfurt, Munich, Copenhagen, Ottawa, Toronto, Vienna, and Schiphol. Since FCO is a major hub for British Airways, consider booking your flight ticket with this airline to enjoy unlimited lounge amenities when you land. British Airways Lounge allows eligible travelers to enjoy unbeatable services, including complimentary drinks and food. Also, the lounge has business services, a conference center, and entertainment. Once you're in FCO, you can visit several other cities and iconic places because, aside from being a gateway for international flights, the airport serves domestic and regional flights. The cities you can visit from the airport include Naples, Milan, Venice, Florence, Turin, Bologna, Palermo, and Genoa. The airlines flying from FCO include ITA Airways, British Airways, Scandinavian Airlines, and Lufthansa. Suppose you land late at FCO - consider booking a hotel for the rest of the night. Although you can catch some shuteye at the airport's armrest-free benches, they may not be a comfortable way to rest after your long flight. A hotel named Hello, Sky is located in landside Terminals 1 and 3 and offers affordable accommodation services. Hilton Garden Inn Rome Airport is also a convenient option with free airport shuttles. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Newark to Rome? Find which airlines fly direct from Newark to Rome, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Newark to Rome Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Friday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Rome to Newark Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Friday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, +3 more Air Canada, Austrian Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Newark to Rome See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Newark to Rome. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Newark to Rome? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9112 reviews 79food 82boarding 77entertainment 82overall 86crew 78comfort Airline reviews A lot of things could have been better. They lost our luggage. We missed our connection from YVR to Naples when we arrived in Zurich and then we got re-routed to Rome and then Naples. We eventually got to Naples but our bags didn’t. Our experience at the lost luggage in the Naples was not at all reassuring. They didn’t seem that interested in our problem. I did a live chat with Swiss customer service and all they could do is tell me to follow the process. Meanwhile we’ve had to spend significant money on clothes and I have to replace medications. This has meant our trip so far has been totally different than what we had planned. It’s not clear that our baggage will ever show up which means we will have lost significant amount of clothing and other things and our two month trip to Europe will have more problems than good memories. So far we are not happy.Read more about SWISS A lot of things could have been better. They lost our luggage. We missed our connection from YVR to Naples when we arrived in Zurich and then we got re-routed to Rome and then Naples. We eventually got to Naples but our bags didn’t. Our experience at the lost luggage in the Naples was not at all reassuring. They didn’t seem that interested in our problem. I did a live chat with Swiss customer service and all they could do is tell me to follow the process. Meanwhile we’ve had to spend significant money on clothes and I have to replace medications. This has meant our trip so far has been totally different than what we had planned. It’s not clear that our baggage will ever show up which means we will have lost significant amount of clothing and other things and our two month trip to Europe will have more problems than good memories. So far we are not happy. Pros: "Amazing - they had a full dinner for a 9:55pm flight, with real silverware, complementary alcohol, for economy passengers! Crew extremely professional and efficient." Pros: "Crew was very nice and attentive" Cons: "Leg room on my first flight (longest leg of the trip) was not much and when the person in front of me leaned their chair back, my knees were touching the chair." Cons: "1.5 hour delay departing put a slight damper on this flight but otherwise it was fine." Pros: "The crew was great! The entertainment was pretty good too." Cons: "The cabin was WAY too warm." Pros: "Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Hand carry was checked 3 different times. Goes to show that Swiss staff doesn’t trust its colleagues to determine if the bag passes muster." Pros: "Food was good. Crew was kind and gracious." Cons: "Seats were extremely cramped. Once the person in the front reclined their seat it was very difficult to get out of the seat. Also better guidance is needed during boarding. Finally, my hand carry was checked 4 times by 4 different people, which means your staff doesn’t trust their own colleagues." Pros: "The space of the seat is wide. Nice chocolate." Cons: "First, they announced that they need some passengers to voluntarily give up the booking in exchange for 280 refunds (a slightly higher rate which not worth to do it) and 1 stopover the fight to Rome which will arrive at 22.00 instead (our flight is 17.35). About 15 minutes before boarding time, they announced flight delaying. Around 17.45, they announced gate changing from B to A which located at opposite side of the the airport so all passengers run there because of everyone afraid that their booking might be canceled because no one agrees to give up. At both gates, many people try to jump in the queue which no staff comes in the manage the queue. During waiting on the board, the air condition seems to be closed, hard to breathe. Around 19.00, the plane took off the Zurich airport eventually, finish the 1.5 hours delay. The captain announced that it cause by the technical problem of the flight earlier but my thinking it cause from over-booking." Pros: "There was too little space between rows. Sometimes it was too difficult to watch a movie because the screen was too close to my face." Cons: "Despite listing items desired for breakfast per seat assignment, flight attendant still got it wrong." The restrictions regarding carry-on baggage is too strict. My wife was forced to check her carry-on bag. Never had this on other airlines. Pros: "Plane was clean. Staff helpful" Cons: "We booked our seats online and later at check in received boarding passes with totally different seats. Ordered kids meals and was informed that they dont have any for our kids :(" Pros: "Crew was fantastic and with an exceptional service. Food was really good." Cons: "Maybe the seats coudl be a little bit wider" Cons: "The Austrian airlines website is absolutely the worst and least user friendly that I've seen for an airline. I tried paying for my bags and it rejected half of the itinerary's bookings for no reason. It took a ton of clicks to get stuff done and I kept getting errors. Very limited movie selection." Cons: "The food was so cheap... pasta and a muffin. I’ll be looking around for another airline." Cons: "The crew dropped the bottle to the head of my son." Cons: "Hand luggage not allowed onboard due to being just a bit oversized -- just its wheels only. Never had this problem with the same luggage with other airlines, only with Austrian." Pros: "Fast flight , friendly staff , ok food" Cons: "I couldn’t push my seat back and because of that I was awake the whole flight (night flight)" Pros: "From start to finish there were no hiccups. It was a pleasant journey." Pros: "Everything was awesome best flight i had in my life." Cons: "Nothing" Cons: "This Lufthansa flight was operated by United Airlines. Coach seating was uncomfortable after a couple hours despite moving around regularly." Pros: "The flight crew & the flight itself was great." Cons: "The flight was delayed by 4 hours. Not only did I miss my connecting flight, but I also missed my rescheduled flight. I had to wait another 7 hours in the airport waiting for a flight. And due to this I missed an important meeting." Pros: "Friendly staff. Free drink and snack. Comfy seats and very easy boarding process" Pros: "The flight attendants were wonderful." Cons: "You take a bus to reach the plane and the seats are uncomfortable without any entertainment systems. Thankfully the flight was only 1.5 hours." Pros: "Great crew, food, entertainment and drinks." Cons: "Only thing that could be improved is comfort. They provide a small pillow and blanket, but even with those, it is very difficult to sleep." Cons: "On our layover in Munich, we were at our gate, then noticed about 30 minutes prior to boarding that they’d moved us to another gate quite far away, so we hurried to the new gate, only to discover the change was an error, and we had to run back to our original gate. Made it, but annoyed." Cons: "The flight was delayed several times and we were kept waiting at the gate without knowing when exactly we will leave." Pros: "This space intentionally left blank" Cons: "For starters, they sat my 12 year old daughter 6 rows away and both of us in center seats so no one would switch with us. Mid flight, my daughter asked to switch with me since the guy next to her kept asking personal questions and was making her uncomfortable. Second, the in flight entertainment did not work. Third, I had pre-ordered a diabetic meal, they “think they may have given it to someone else.” Fourth, one hour delay making for a tight connection. And finally... they lost my suitcase. Should arrive in a few days." Pros: "The efficiency and kindness of the flight attendants made the trip enjoyable. The water service really helped with dehydration. Also, the food was EXCELLENT, which you don't often hear on a flight. My seat was comfortable and the movie and television selections was great. Will ABSOLUTELY fly with them again!" Pros: "It was overall a great flying experience." Cons: "One of my connections was way too short. I almost missed my flight. I had to run!" Pros: "Amazing crew, fast boarding." Cons: "Uninspired food. I was served the same meals 30 years ago." Pros: "All good." Cons: "Gluten free meal was selected and paid for before the flight, but for some reason the crew didn't have the option available for me once on board. Nevertheless, they tried to be their best. More drink's without extra charge. Follow Lufthansa service and all will be grand." Pros: "Great food, typically on time and very prompt. entertainment was good. It was an older plane so the actual screens and monitors or outdated." Cons: "There were several babies crying for at least 2/3 hours and of course it is not the fault of the crew or airline. But that definitely left a lot of people dissatisfied with an overnight flight in which we are hoping to rest before arriving in Copenhagen. Seats are getting smaller and smaller. Spaces are very tight but that seems to be the norm with all airlines" Cons: "Upon landing in EWR on United, per my reservation on this site my connection was on SAS to Copenhagen. Upon arrival in EWR, I received an email from this site saying my SAS flight "may be canceled". I immediately headed to the terminal where SAS was and went into the lounge to speak to an agent. The women I spoke to could not have been more rude. She told me my flight was canceled and that she did not have access to any details because that was United's responsibility. I told her that could not be the case because my flight was on SAS so if they canceled the flight, I would like to understand what my options are given that I had a tight window upon arrival into my final destination into Dubrovnik so I could not be too late in landing outside of my original reservation. She told me that I had to talk to United and did not even acknowledge why there was a cancellation or anything other than the SAS flight I was on was cancelled. She barely even helped me to understand where my luggage was which I was very concerned would be lost given the issue with the flight cancellation. As a result of all of this, it turns out I was put onto a United flight that now had MORE connections. I had to now go to Frankfurt to Vienna to Dubrovnik, all with really tight connections AND now I no longer was on the same flight as my friend who I was traveling with. SAS did not help with any of this or care to assist in ANY way. They told me it was out of their hands and I had to talk to United. AWFUL service when SAS had cancelled the flight! I had no choice but to take the re-routed flights. I ended up running to my gates and barely catching all of my connections which made for a very stressful travel experience to start my long awaited vacation. After paying the high cost I did for my flight, I am extremely frustrated with my experience as I ended up having more connections, tight connections, awful customer service and a really stressful trip. This is NOT would I would expect for how much I paid and out of the quality of an airline. I would like to receive some type of compensation for the extreme inconvenience of landing 3+ hours after my original arrival time, being broken up with my friend who I was traveling with, not being given any options for my travel, terrible customer service assistance, and no acknowledgement from SAS to help me in any way." Pros: "On time and clean airline." Cons: "Not helpful with stroller. Wanted us to sign off that they were not responsible for if stroller broke while handling it. Insane. They said it “might “ to big even though they didn’t know what measurements would be too big. We’ve flown for the last 3 years with this stroller but different airlines and never heard of such thing. (Since it’s the smallest city mini double stroller there is and folds flat- super small!) first time we flew SAS all. We didn’t sign anything and gate checked it and all was fine but some incompetent crew at check in. Not very helpful finding seats with all four of us. Put us in different rows. Could work on their customer service for sure." Pros: "The 7 hr trip to Copenhagen was rough. The seats are too close together. My knees hit the seat in front of me even without reclining. When the seat in front of me reclined the tv screen was 6” away from my face. It was next to impossible to get out of the seat." Cons: "Legroom." Pros: "Left on time. 50 minutes early in Copenhagen. Food was not bad." Cons: "TSA at EWR was ridiculous. Slow lines and very inefficient." Cons: "We arrived late in Copenhagen and I had 20 minutes to catch my connecting flight. Even though I was checked-in for the Copenhagen to Athens flight it left without me. I was then transferred through Prague to get to Athens and again missed my connecting flight through there. Now I am stuck in Prague looking for a flight to Athens and most likely will miss my next flight from Athens to Karpathos and will again be stuck in Athens because there are no flights out to Karpathos until 19 of May, 3days from now. I was physically in the Copenhagen airport and could have made that flight, I feel that since I was already checked in they should have waited for me and allowed me to board. Now I will Be missing work!" Pros: "Boarding was quick and easy. Decent amount of overhead space. The pilot was friendly. USB ports for charging phones at the seat. Free bottle of water at your seat." Cons: "No overhead fan. When flight got really hot, no way to moderate temperature. No choice of food at all, unless you are in economy plus. I don't remember the last time that a trans-Atlantic flight had at least a meant, or fish, or vegetarian dish. Usually, at least two or three dishes. On SAS, everything has to be ordered ahead of time. Some of the flight attendants were friendly, some not so friendly. No free alcoholic drinks even with dinner. Limited regular drinks - they are only served with food, aside from that you have to purchase even the non-alcoholic drinks. The food just wasn't very good, even compared to other airline food. Compared to other companies, relatively small selection of entertainment. I had considerably more choice on a domestic flight than on a 9 hr. international SAS flight. Storage pockets at the seat are pretty small." Cons: "The flight from EWR to Oslo was delayed by over 2 hours which meant I would miss my next connection... and I understand that happens sometimes. But, it was after hours on the airline number phone number and the fly.com customer service could not help with finding an alternate connection from Oslo to FRA. It was frustrating to then have to wait at Oslo airport for another 4 hours before the new connecting flight." Pros: "Flights arrived on time" Cons: "Lousy crew at checkin gate, and on plane, they try and charge you for everything" Cons: "I had to pay for my check in bag extra, which was not clear in the booking process. Very misleading!" Pros: "Great seat back screen entertainment options." Cons: "I like that they keep costs down by not including extras like in flight alcohol and food." Pros: "Was ok. Got us there but everything is a la carte" Cons: "Was ok. Newark is awful." Pros: "Iceairline has been delayed from Newark , can’t catch the connection flight from Reykjavik to Frankfurt at same day , ponsdond to next day flight ." Pros: "The flight was nice." Cons: "I didn't like the check in personal.The one older woman was very rude & I don't think I will be flying with you again." Pros: "I liked that it was non-stop. The crew was nice. They gave out a bottle of Icelandic water and pillow and blanket." Cons: "Too crowded. Not enough explanation about the plane and different comfort levels of the different seat levels. I might have paid for upgraded seat if I had understood what the conditions would be. Also there was no explanation as to whether there would be food served or not." Cons: "Our bags were not sent with us to Zurich. The airline made no attempt to keep us updated. THE HOLD TIME ON A PHONE CALL TO ICELAND AIR WAS 2 HOURS !! I rated Food as "Poor" since nothing was served!" Pros: "Water bottle" Cons: "Delay that made me miss my connecting flight, which was then rescheduled a full 24 hours later. This is cutting into my vacation and the time to see my family." Pros: "I liked the movie options." Cons: "I don’t understand how you can be on a flight for 5 hrs and all they give you is water!!!! The seats were beyond painful and the space was so cramped. There was no sleeping on this red eye. Plane noise was extremely loud and we were not by the wing. Our flight was delayed and they didn’t say a thing until it was past the time to board!!! Really?!? No apologies for it either. This is the worst flight I have ever been on. Dread getting in this flight to go home." SWISS8.0 Austrian Airlines7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Icelandair7.3 Book cheap flights from Newark to Rome Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Newark to Rome found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/25Sun 1 stop 13h 10mEWR-FCO $233 Search 1/10Wed 1 stop 12h 00mEWR-FCO $236 Search 12/31Sun 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 14h 10mEWR-FCO $300 Search 3/7Thu 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 14h 10mEWR-FCO $310 Search 12/7Thu 1 stopSWISS 9h 55mEWR-FCO $326 Search 1/16Tue 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 12h 50mEWR-FCO $342 Search 12/30Sat 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 12h 50mEWR-FCO $350 Search 1/30Tue 2 stopsLufthansa 12h 15mEWR-FCO $353 Search 12/9Sat nonstopLufthansa 8h 15mEWR-FCO $418 Search 1/18Thu 1 stopSWISS 9h 55mEWR-FCO $471 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineScandinavian AirlinesSWISSTAP AIR PORTUGALLufthansa Search by price$240 or less$310 or less$340 or less$350 or less$470 or less Last minute flights from Newark to Rome Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Newark to Rome that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopIcelandair 12h 00mEWR-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopIcelandair 12h 35mFCO-EWR $439 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 29h 30mEWR-FCO 2/4Sun multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 22h 05mFCO-EWR $502 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 19h 05mEWR-FCO 12/11Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 15h 25mFCO-EWR $506 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 30h 30mEWR-FCO 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 27h 21mFCO-EWR $508 Search 12/2Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 8h 15mEWR-FCO 12/12Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 10h 00mFCO-EWR $513 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopSWISS 18h 30mEWR-FCO 12/3Sun multi-stopSWISS 16h 45mFCO-EWR $550 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopLufthansa 12h 15mEWR-FCO 12/11Mon multi-stopLufthansa 13h 55mFCO-EWR $587 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopSWISS 15h 10mEWR-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopSWISS 16h 45mFCO-EWR $632 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 12h 35mEWR-FCO 2/27Tue multi-stopBritish Airways 14h 10mFCO-EWR $1,019 Search 12/5Tue nonstopLufthansa 8h 15mEWR-FCO 2/27Tue nonstopLufthansa 10h 00mFCO-EWR $1,053 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineIcelandairTAP AIR PORTUGALUnited AirlinesSWISSLufthansaBritish Airways Search by price$500 or less$510 or less$550 or less$630 or less$1,050 or less Newark Liberty Airport - Rome Flights Departure: Newark Liberty Airport (EWR)United States Return flight deals: Rome - Newark Liberty Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Rome $2,725 Business Class flights to Rome $1,334 Prem Econ Class flights to Rome $558 Economy Class flights to Rome Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » Newark Liberty Airport $393Flights from Newark Airport to Rome Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Italy » Rome $537Flights to Rome Ciampino Airport, Rome $393Flights to Rome Fiumicino Airport, Rome Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Rome flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Rome from Newark Liberty Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Rome from Newark Liberty Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.