Cheap Flights from Baltimore to Orlando from $19 | (BWI - ORL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Baltimore to Orlando from $19 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/19. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Baltimore to Orlando. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Baltimore to Orlando. How much is the cheapest flight from Baltimore to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Baltimore to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:25 am - 11:04 amBWI-MCO 2h 39mnonstop 5:30 am - 7:51 amMCO-BWI 2h 21mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Fri, Dec 22 7:59 pm - 10:39 pmBWI-MCO 2h 40mnonstop 5:56 am - 8:18 amMCO-BWI 2h 22mnonstop $39Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Wed, Dec 20 8:55 am - 11:35 amBWI-MCO 2h 40mnonstop 9:21 pm - 11:45 pmMCO-BWI 2h 24mnonstop $40Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Tue, Jan 9 6:56 pm - 9:05 pmBWI-MCO 2h 09mnonstop 11:30 am - 1:39 pmMCO-BWI 2h 09mnonstop $42Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 21 - Sat, Feb 24 10:02 am - 12:38 pmBWI-MCO 2h 36mnonstop 4:25 pm - 6:44 pmMCO-BWI 2h 19mnonstop $43Frontier Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Thu, Jan 18 6:47 pm - 9:27 pmBWI-MCO 2h 40mnonstop 5:30 am - 7:52 amMCO-BWI 2h 22mnonstop $44 Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Wed, Jan 10 9:13 am - 11:29 amBWI-MCO 2h 16mnonstop 9:57 pm - 12:04 amMCO-BWI 2h 07mnonstop $45Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Sat, Mar 2 7:59 pm - 10:39 pmBWI-MCO 2h 40mnonstop 9:25 pm - 11:49 pmMCO-BWI 2h 24mnonstop $46Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Mon, Dec 18 7:59 pm - 10:39 pmBWI-MCO 2h 40mnonstop 2:38 pm - 4:59 pmMCO-BWI 2h 21mnonstop $47Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Jan 6 - Mon, Jan 8 8:52 am - 11:33 amBWI-MCO 2h 41mnonstop 8:45 am - 11:01 amMCO-BWI 2h 16mnonstop $48Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Fri, Jan 19 Show more results Flights from Baltimore to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Baltimore to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Baltimore to Orlando flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Baltimore to Orlando. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Baltimore to Orlando cost $19 and was between Baltimore and Orlando Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $38. What is the cheapest month to fly from Baltimore to Orlando? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Baltimore to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Baltimore to Orlando is September, where tickets cost $168 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are April and December, where the average cost of tickets is $253 and $234 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Baltimore to Orlando? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Baltimore to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Baltimore to Orlando, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Baltimore to Orlando? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Baltimore to Orlando were found on Frontier ($38) and Spirit Airlines ($39). Frontier proposed the cheapest one-way flight at $19. Which airlines fly non-stop between Baltimore and Orlando? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Baltimore to Orlando. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from Baltimore to Orlando. They are: Frontier, Southwest and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $46 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Baltimore and Orlando per day? Each day, there are between 9 and 16 nonstop flights that take off from Baltimore and land in Orlando, with an average flight time of 2h 29m. The most common departure time is 8:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Orlando Airport. Each week, there are 88 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Baltimore and Orlando? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Baltimore to Orlando take? A direct flight to Orlando will take on average 2h 09m to travel the 782 miles flying distance from Baltimore. What’s the earliest departure time from Baltimore to Orlando? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Baltimore at 5:30 am and will be landing in Orlando at 8:02 am. What’s the latest departure time from Baltimore to Orlando? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Baltimore to Orlando jets off at 9:25 pm and lands at 11:55 pm. Good to know Low season May High season April Cheapest flight $18 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 8% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 25% increase in price. Flight from Baltimore to Orlando Airport When to book flights from Baltimore to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Baltimore to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Baltimore to Orlando Do I need a passport to fly between Baltimore and Orlando? A passport is required to fly from Baltimore to Orlando. Which airports will I be using when flying from Baltimore to Orlando? Baltimore is served by only 1 airport and there are 2 airports in Orlando. You will leave Baltimore from Baltimore/Washington and you will be arriving in Orlando at one of these airports: Orlando or Orlando Sanford Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Baltimore to Orlando? JetBlue, American Airlines, Delta, Alaska Airlines, and Spirit Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Baltimore to Orlando flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Baltimore to Orlando? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Baltimore to Orlando flight route. On which days can I fly direct from Baltimore to Orlando? There are nonstop flights from Baltimore to Orlando on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Baltimore to Orlando, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Baltimore to Orlando are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $228 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $406 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Baltimore to Orlando? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Baltimore to Orlando. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Baltimore to Orlando? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando from Baltimore is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Baltimore to Orlando? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando with an airline and back to Baltimore with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Baltimore to Orlando? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando from Baltimore up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Baltimore to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $38 or less one-way and $74 or less round-trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Baltimore/Washington to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from Baltimore/Washington to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Baltimore/Washington to Orlando Search Flights Monday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Tuesday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Wednesday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Thursday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Friday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Saturday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Sunday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more See more direct flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Baltimore/Washington Search Flights Monday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Tuesday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Wednesday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Thursday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Friday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Saturday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more Sunday Frontier, Southwest, Spirit Airlines Frontier, Southwest, +1 more See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Baltimore to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Baltimore to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Baltimore to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14219 reviews 90crew 87boarding 80entertainment 78food 86overall 84comfort Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was great." Cons: "More leg room (I’m 6’4”). Larger portion of snacks. Coffee tastes bad, so I ordered hot chocolate, it was okay." Pros: "The crew was great." Cons: "More leg room (I’m 6’4”). Larger portion of snacks. Coffee tastes bad, so I ordered hot chocolate, it was okay." Pros: "Crew was pleasant and helpful." Cons: "The delay for this flight was very poor, both before and after boarding." Pros: "On time, effeciently boarded, clean" Cons: "Serve drinks a little sooner in flight. Descent started right after serve" Pros: "The flight was quickly done with very direct routing once we were airborne." Cons: "Our late-night summer flight out of Baltimore was delayed by lightning, which delayed baggage loading until the storm passed. Crew announcements were OK. The flight was without food due to minor turbulence and short length of flight." Pros: "Great service and crew" Cons: "WiFi was down which made the long flight painful with kids." Pros: "The crew had a very good since of humor. making the delay a piece of cake. Great crew!" Cons: "I think a announcement needs to be had several times while you are boarding the plane. There was a few folks trying to save seats." Cons: "The WiFi on the plane was not working and that made it difficult to keep my 4 year old son sitting still" Cons: "Flight delayed And wrong message of boarding when flight was delayed" Cons: "The wheelchair assistant made me and my wife remove our medications from our carry-on bags, this was an unnecessary inconvenience. When we arrived at the gate I gave him a US$2.00, which I believed was fair, but he wanted more money. Lousy wheelchair service." Pros: "We finally got home." Cons: "The plane was late arriving. We boarded almost an hour late, then sat at the gate for over half an hour. The pilot made an announcement, but he couldn’t be understood. After we took off, we were served water only, which was warm." Pros: "Generous portion of free snacks. Coffee, while not great, was good." Cons: "The entertainment display in my seat did not work." Pros: "Snacks and new interior on A320" Cons: "Almost 4 hour delay and no Wi-Fi. When I complained to JetBlue I received a pathetic $15 credit." Cons: "It was cold in the flight and Tvs didn’t work due to satellite coverage" Pros: "Crew was amazing. It was the pilot’s last flight before retirement, so it was fun celebrating with him and the crew. Seats were comfortable." Pros: "The crew was ok." Cons: "We wait too much, at least someone should have told the reasons for the waiting." Cons: "Absolutely perfect from departure to arrival. Our first time flying jet blue and it was incredible" Pros: "Flight was on time, extra room seats were very comfortable." Pros: "Crew handled a health situation very well. Never lost their composure." Cons: "Not having our luggage lost" Pros: "I liked when I got endless emails of flight delayed." Cons: "Delayed too many times." Pros: "Boarding was great and on-time. Flight took a bit longer due to the weather." Cons: "Couldn't understand any of the in-flight announcements. My in-flight entertainment didn't work right." Cons: "The crew was overly aggressive with mask policy enforcement. They patrolled the aisles and routine pointed at passengers directing them in a hostile manner to keep their masks on their faces, even when they were trying to eat or drink. They also threatened customers by stating it was a federal law several times. It was very uncomfortable to say the least. I will not fly delta again by choice." Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Cons: "We had to wait at the customs for nearly 1.5hrs, then pick up our luggage, then check in again!!! We were running and got on the plane 10 mins before the departure. Super stressful!!" Pros: "The people was relaxed and the flight attendant was polite and professional.. everything was on time" Cons: "Nothing at all great service" Pros: "I think they flew so fast. We could land almost on time even though we departed a hour late. Airplane was new and clean." Cons: "Boarding was chaos. They overbooked 25? 45? Anyway, they are in panic. They tried to request ppl to take next day flight by giving away 300 gift card etc. the ppl who were told there are no seats upset and arguing at the gate. Flight was delayed for one hour. Once we are on airplane, they are still shuffling seats around, so ppl cannot move forward. Just standing there for 10mins waiting for things to settle. Flight attendants did not give us a headphone. (I have a headphone for iPhone X so I could not connect it to their entertaiment system.)" Pros: "Everything went as smoothly as possible. Not a hiccup. Great price, great flight, great experience!" Pros: "I enjoyed my flight! Great movies, good food and I was comfortable. Nothing like First Class." Pros: "Excellent crew" Cons: "Entertainment system did not function at all during the flight" Cons: "My toddler daughter became ill before departure and the crew was awful. They failed to provide me with hardly anything besides 2 blankets and a few remoistened hand wipes to clean up vomit and was very rude when I asked to change seats, even though there were at least 8 other seats open on the flight." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Social distancing guidelines should be applied on plane. Rather than leave 20+ seats empty, and cram everyone 6 to a row. Flight was over 2 hours delayed due to not having maintenance staff available. And then I was crammed in next to an oversized individual where we couldn’t even keep the armrest down." Pros: "Really fast boarding was great. Good selection of snacks but at a cost." Cons: "Some cushion on the seats. It was like sitting on a board." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The aircraft looks like a WWI aircraft. So dirty. Floors were nasty with food not picked up from the last trip. Sits are extremely uncomfortable even for a 2 hr flogjt. Last minute flight so we had to do frontier... never again thou" Pros: "The crew was great. In a good mood and accommodated my requests. (For complimentary water and a trading card to remember my trip)" Cons: "Seat was awfully uncomfortable. I’m only a slim built 5’9” woman and my knees were indenting the next seatback. And the aisle was too busy for me but that could have been fixed with paying for a window. I do not recommend flying in these economy seats for any longer than 2.5 hours." Cons: "Getting off the plane my stroller wasn’t there. Then I was directed to 3 different places before I could find it near the baggage area. The reason I had the stroller... to help me Navigate an airport with little children. Totally defeated the purpose. Never again frontier. You all suck" Cons: "The flight was delayed arriving to Burlington and then there was a problem in the baggage area that needed to be fixed. We were delayed over an hour leaving Burlington and then when we arrived in Orlando we sat on the tarmac for over an hour because, according to the crew, no gate was available for us" Pros: "Patient flight attendants kept cool while PIA passengers were delaying departure by playing 'seat switching'." Pros: "Boarding went ok with no problems" Cons: "Good thing o had an isle seat. The two people in the seats beside me were large and that made the one setting beside me take up part of my area. Part of my body was covered by her the entire flight except when I got up to go to the bathroom. Leaned into the isle most of the flight. Really annoying to have half a seat." Pros: "Boarding is fast and the crew are nice." Cons: "The seats are horrid, it’s a plastic shell with faux leather wrapping that doesn’t even go around the back. Each seat looks directly into an abyss of grey hard plastic with a tray smaller than your hand. My body hurts so bad that I need another day to rest." Pros: "I arrived safely. The crew was very friendly and helped to. All my husband who was scared as this was his first time flying." Cons: "The agent who checked me in was extremely unprofessional. I felt like she was envious that I was going on a vacation and she had to work. She tried to make my experience a living hell. I personally think she should be fired. She does not enjoy what she is doing. She joyfully told me that it costs $40 to carry my luggage and after I informed her that I saw it online for less she informed me that I should have bought it online. She then stuck me all the way in the last row of the plane. I am 5'9". My husband is 6'2" and over 300 pounds. Those seats have the least leg room. It was pure torture. The flight crew in the back help my poor husband by using humor to help him." Pros: "EXCELLENT SERVICE, ON TIME ARRIVAL, SMOOTH TAKE OFF AND LANDING." Cons: "Penny Pinching and not even providing water and peanuts/pretzels as complimentary." Pros: "It got me where I wanted to go safely." Cons: "Flight attendants were not friendly, boarderline rude and sarcastic. Only saw smiles when we were deboarding. Seats are narrow and uncomfortable. Snacks/drinks are very expensive" Pros: "Literally nothing." Cons: "I was told my flight was delayed at 3:40am the morning of my 11:00am flight. My flight was delayed 3 different times. I live far from the airport I flew out of so this was a large inconvenience. We were never even told why the flight was being delayed. My entire 5 hour stay at the airport we were never updated once on the staus of our flight. I was also charged over $100 for just my bags and my seat. $45 for a carry on bag is ridiculous. I paid more for my seat and bag than I did for my actual ticket. Paying $13 to sit in the very last row is stupid. I will never be flying with Spirit ever again. Legitimate robbery. The website and app were also slow and hard to operate." Pros: "Certain staff were friendly and helpful" Cons: "This was my first flight with Dpirit Airlines and I was greatly dissatisfied. Here's why: 1. Not easy to pay for baggage online; complicated and time consuming. 2. Not clear when I purchased ticket that I would need to pay for carry on as well as checked, this felt sneaky and dishonest. Be open about charges. 3. Was not given a a boarding pass for second portion of my flight. 4. Seats don't lean back so was not able to rest very well. 5. Bright floresecent lights inside plane unpleasant and also made it difficult to rest. 6. Certain staff were short and unfriendly." Pros: "The flight boarded and left on time... We landed ahead of schedule." Cons: "I didn’t like the added fee for a seat. Seats should be included in the fare.... I have never heard of that before in my life." Cons: "Small space and uncomfortable seating. Extra cost for carry on." Cons: "Hidden fees! We were promised a cheap flight, then last minute charged $400 in baggage fees. Also, the flight was overbooked and we almost got kicked off the plane. I was also promised an email receipt and I never got one. I am never flying Spirit again." Pros: "Crew was delightful" Cons: "$20 to pick a seat. $65 for any carry on bigger than a handbag. No complimentary drinks (not even water!?). Seats were supremely uncomfortable. Will never fly spirit again even if it's 100 cheaper" Pros: "right on time good price nice aircraft crew were nice food to buy was good at reasonable price" Cons: "too crowded, my legs were touching the seat in front no free beverage service $50 baggage fee, too high" Pros: "Price" Cons: "Any changes then spirit will kill you with charges. They are not here to help you" Southwest8.4 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Baltimore to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Baltimore to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/19Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 38mBWI-MCO $18 Search 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 44mBWI-MCO $19 Search 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 44mBWI-MCO $20 Search 12/11Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 39mBWI-MCO $24 Search 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 40mBWI-MCO $27 Search 3/26Tue 1 stopJetBlue 8h 03mBWI-MCO $123 Search 1/13Sat 1 stopDelta 5h 32mBWI-MCO $124 Search 12/11Mon nonstopSouthwest 2h 25mBWI-MCO $161 Search 12/11Mon 3 stopsSouthwest 8h 40mBWI-MCO $180 Search 12/7Thu 1 stopDelta 4h 46mBWI-MCO $194 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierJetBlueDeltaSouthwest Search by price$20 or less$20 or less$120 or less$160 or less$190 or less Last minute flights from Baltimore to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Baltimore to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 44mBWI-MCO 12/14Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 22mMCO-BWI $73 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 39mBWI-MCO 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 21mMCO-BWI $74 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 39mBWI-MCO 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 21mMCO-BWI $78 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 39mBWI-MCO 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 22mMCO-BWI $82 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 2h 44mBWI-MCO 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 21mMCO-BWI $84 Search 12/2Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 44mBWI-MCO 12/9Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 21mMCO-BWI $89 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 2h 39mBWI-MCO 12/7Thu multi-stop 6h 05mMCO-BWI $91 Search 12/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 35mBWI-MCO 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 6h 40mMCO-BWI $92 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 38mBWI-MCO 12/11Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 24mMCO-BWI $114 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 38mBWI-MCO 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 4h 47mMCO-BWI $130 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit Airlines Search by price$70 or less$80 or less$90 or less$90 or less$130 or less Baltimore - Orlando Flights Departure: Baltimore (BWI)United States Return flight deals: Orlando - Baltimore Cabin classes: First Class flights to Orlando Business Class flights to Orlando Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando $38 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » United States » Maryland » Baltimore $35Flights from Baltimore to Orlando Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando $35Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando Compare transportation modes for Baltimore to Orlando Average price Average duration Flights $92 2h 09m Trains $238 19h 22m Buses $364 22h 42m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando from Baltimore. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Orlando from Baltimore. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.