Cheap Flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale from C$ 186 | (YYC - FLL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYC - FLL Find cheap flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale from C$ 186 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 19/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Fort Lauderdale These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale. How much is the cheapest flight from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:15 a.m. - 7:45 p.m.YYC-FLL 11h 30m1 stop 7:51 p.m. - 1:30 p.m.FLL-YYC 19h 39m1 stop C$ 212 Find Deal Mon, 22 Jan - Thu, 25 Jan 12:30 a.m. - 4:34 p.m.YYC-FLL 14h 04m1 stop 7:51 p.m. - 1:30 p.m.FLL-YYC 19h 39m1 stop C$ 222 Find Deal Sat, 20 Jan - Thu, 25 Jan 7:30 a.m. - 8:32 p.m.YYC-FLL 11h 02m2 stops 8:40 a.m. - 4:15 p.m.FLL-YYC 9h 35m1 stop C$ 247Porter Airlines Find Deal Thu, 11 Jan - Tue, 16 Jan 7:30 a.m. - 8:32 p.m.YYC-FLL 11h 02m2 stops 8:40 a.m. - 4:15 p.m.FLL-YYC 9h 35m1 stop C$ 264Porter Airlines Find Deal Tue, 16 Jan - Tue, 30 Jan 7:30 a.m. - 8:19 p.m.YYC-FLL 10h 49m1 stop 10:05 p.m. - 8:55 a.m.FLL-YYC 12h 50m1 stop C$ 325Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 2 Apr - Tue, 9 Apr 12:20 a.m. - 11:12 a.m.YYC-FLL 8h 52m1 stop 12:00 p.m. - 8:25 p.m.FLL-YYC 10h 25m1 stop C$ 328WestJet Find Deal Mon, 5 Feb - Wed, 14 Feb 12:20 a.m. - 11:12 a.m.YYC-FLL 8h 52m1 stop 12:00 p.m. - 8:28 p.m.FLL-YYC 10h 28m1 stop C$ 343WestJet Find Deal Wed, 17 Jan - Wed, 24 Jan 3:25 p.m. - 10:57 a.m.YYC-FLL 17h 32m2 stops 4:05 p.m. - 10:54 p.m.FLL-YYC 8h 49m1 stop C$ 345United Airlines Find Deal Wed, 28 Feb - Tue, 19 Mar 7:30 a.m. - 8:19 p.m.YYC-FLL 10h 49m1 stop 10:05 p.m. - 8:55 a.m.FLL-YYC 12h 50m1 stop C$ 357Air Canada Find Deal Wed, 3 Apr - Sun, 14 Apr 3:25 p.m. - 10:50 a.m.YYC-FLL 17h 25m2 stops 6:30 a.m. - 9:41 p.m.FLL-YYC 17h 11m2 stops C$ 364United Airlines Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Mon, 29 Jan Show more results Flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? The average price of all flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale, look for departures on Wednesdays and avoid leaving on a Saturday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from Fort Lauderdale, Monday is the cheapest day to fly and Friday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale is January, where tickets cost C$ 537 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and March, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 840 and C$ 756 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 70 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the best return deals on flights connecting Calgary to Fort Lauderdale were found on Porter Airlines (C$ 335) and American Airlines (C$ 384). Porter Airlines proposed the cheapest one-way flight at C$ 191. Which airlines fly direct between Calgary and Fort Lauderdale? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale. There is just one airline that flies from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale direct and that is WestJet. The best one-way deal found from WestJet for the route is C$ 330. How many flights are there between Calgary and Fort Lauderdale per day? There is a maximum of 1 nonstop flight a day that takes off from Calgary and lands in Fort Lauderdale, with an average flight time of 5h 29m. The most common departure time is 9:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 3 flights. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Calgary and Fort Lauderdale? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There is only one cabin class option available for the route, which is Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale take? The duration of a direct flight to Fort Lauderdale from Calgary is typically 5h 16m. The journey crosses a distance of 6,417 km. What’s the earliest departure time from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Calgary at 9:50 am and will be landing in Fort Lauderdale at 5:19 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale jets off at 9:50 am and lands at 5:19 pm. Good to know Low season July High season March Cheapest flight C$ 186 Best time to beat the crowds (11% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (13% more expensive on average) Flight from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale When to book flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale Which layover options do I have from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? There are no direct flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale. Therefore, your flight will have one or more layovers. The layover cities en route are determined by your airline and the number of layovers you choose to have. Some common layovers for single-layover flights include Toronto, Dallas, Denver, Houston, Montreal, Atlanta, Washington, Seattle, San Francisco, Detroit, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, New York, and Minneapolis. Which eco-friendly airlines can I fly from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? About 1035 kg of carbon is released by flights traveling from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale. When lying the route, consider flying one of the eco-friendly airlines available, including WestJet, Spirit Airlines, Lynx Air, United Airlines, and Flair Airlines. WestJet and Spirit Airlines, however, are the most eco-friendly airlines flying the route, with about 38% less carbon emissions. What services do airlines flying from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale offer to unaccompanied minors? Kids aged 5 to 11 traveling alone from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale are considered unaccompanied minors. If you have a child flying alone from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale, consider booking Southwest Airlines, which has a lower unaccompanied minor fee. The minor will be assigned a cabin crew member to supervise them throughout the journey. Since flights from YYC to FLL have stopovers, the child will be escorted and safely transferred between the connecting flights. Southwest Airlines also ensures the child gets priority boarding and is assisted with baggage. What transport options do I have from downtown Calgary to Calgary Airport? YYC is served by an Allied Downtown shuttle service offering 30-minute transit from Bay 19 and 29 of the downtown area to the airport’s arrivals level near gate C. One f the cheapest transport means is the public bus. You can take the Route 300 public bus from downtown via Center Street to the airport or the Route 100 bus at the Westwinds Light Rail Transit station to the airport. If you are heading to YYC from Edmonton, Fort McMurray, Lethbridge, or Red Deer, you can take a Red Arrow motorcoach to the International Arrivals area in YYC. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? The Boeing 737-700 Passenger/BBJ1 (winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Calgary to Fort Lauderdale flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between Calgary and Fort Lauderdale. On which days can I fly direct from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? You can catch a direct flight from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale on on Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday, and Sunday. Which is the best airline for flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale, Delta or WestJet? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale are Delta and WestJet. With an average price for the route of C$ 632 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. WestJet is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 672 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Fort Lauderdale from Calgary is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Fort Lauderdale with an airline and back to Calgary with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Fort Lauderdale from Calgary up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 248 or less one-way and C$ 378 or less round-trip. Calgary International Airport (YYC) is one of Canada’s largest airports and the only international airport serving Calgary. The airport is a hub for WestJet and Air Canada, offering direct flights within Canada and layover international flights to the US and globally. Stopover flights from YYC to Fort Lauderdale–Hollywood International Airport (FLL) include Multiple Airlines, Air Canada, Delta, WestJet, Flair, United, and Multiple Airlines. Located in South Florida, FLL acts as the primary airport catering to the regions of Fort Lauderdale and Hollywood. Additionally, it provides services to neighboring cities such as Dania Beach, Wilton Manors, Lauderhill, and Hallandale Beach. There are two airline lounges at FLL, the Delta Sky Club lounge in Terminal 2, accessible via the lounge membership program, and United Club Lounge in Terminal 1, accessible by paying at the door with proof of a United Airlines ticket or using a United Club membership. You can enjoy complimentary drinks and meals, comfortable spaces, and business facilities at these lounges. Consider flying business class from YYC to FLL via Air Canada, WestJet, and American Airlines. The benefits of flying business class include priority check-in, access to the airline lounges, comfortable seating with extra legroom, lie-flat seats, complimentary food and beverages, and enhanced in-flight entertainment. Consider flying Southwest Airlines from YYC to FLL, as the airline allows two pieces of carry-on baggage. One bag must be up to 25 by 40 by 60 cm, while the other is 46 by 21 by 34 cm. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? Find which airlines fly direct from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Calgary to Fort Lauderdale Search flights Wednesday Delta,WestJet Delta,WestJet Thursday Delta,WestJet Delta,WestJet Friday Delta,WestJet Delta,WestJet Saturday Delta,WestJet Delta,WestJet Sunday Delta,WestJet Delta,WestJet See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Fort Lauderdale to Calgary Search flights Wednesday Delta,WestJet Delta,WestJet Thursday Delta,WestJet Delta,WestJet Friday Delta,WestJet Delta,WestJet Saturday Delta,WestJet Delta,WestJet Sunday Delta,WestJet Delta,WestJet See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29962 reviews 85crew 81boarding 78entertainment 75food 81overall 78comfort Airline reviews Pros: "Very nice people and helpful. Good attitude" Cons: "Board was a bit disorganized and took much longer than I am used to even on full planes"Read more about Delta Pros: "Very nice people and helpful. Good attitude" Cons: "Board was a bit disorganized and took much longer than I am used to even on full planes" Cons: "Just hate the super smaller seats and the reduced spaces everywhere" Pros: "The crew was amazing, the seats were super comfortable, entertainment was great, lots of movies to choose from. Also they handed out a lot of great snacks" Cons: "The delay was totally unexpected and frustrating particularly when no bad weather around!" Pros: "The crew was great." Cons: "The flight and crew were great. But I was not able to choose my seat because I purchased an economy flight. I was very uncomfortable. But I was luck that that people that were sitting with me were great." Pros: "The crew was amazing. My seat was comfortable." Cons: "The plane was delayed. It arrived over 25 minutes after it was originally scheduled to." Cons: "Passengers should have the option to ask for additional snacks." Cons: "Had to collect & re check luggage between flights. Couldn't they have been transferred to the next aircraft?" Pros: "We had purchased economy tickets and got assigned seats that were not next to each other. As we were boarding the ticket person gave us a new seat assignment closer to the front and next to each other – we really appreciated and liked it. Makes me want to fly Delta again!" Cons: "we began the boarding process late, which can be understandable, although the plane was there pretty early. Once the boarding began, someone, I presume the gate agent, essentially gave a countdown to hhow many minutes were left until the flight could have an "on time departure". I travel nearly every week so I value being on time. However, a minute by minute call to hurry up on a flight that was sold out was over the top. There was mumbling among the passengers, to the point of someone joking "Free cookies and water if we make it on time?" Just a bad gate experience, but bad enough that peopoe were commenting, and I waited for someone from the cockpit to del\part so I could mention it to them." Cons: "More than an hour late departing. Added to that it was almost an hour before luggage appeared. Not West Jet’s fault but it made us even later resulting in some of our long drive of our drive to Grand Canyon being in the dark." Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good." Cons: "The food could have been better. I don’t mind paying but some nicer, healthier choices would have been nice. It is airplane food so no real surprise. :)" Cons: "Getting from one flight to the other was a major hassle. How many times do they have to check your boarding pass?" Pros: "Crew were fairly attentive, have experienced better. Liked the Canadian entertainment options, even if very limited." Cons: "Seats were okay, the plane is really showing it's age. Movie selection was very limited, and very dated." Cons: "Minor point. They boarded the plane very early. We got to the gate 1/2 hour before departure, and were almost the last ones to board." Pros: "Dry accommodating staff all around. Thank you" Cons: "More space between people. Not much you can do I understand that. So overall great" Pros: "Crew were very good. The economy seats were "ok". Food was good and the service was very good." Cons: "Entertainment didn't have enough new movies to watch. The leg room could've been better." Cons: "Always a ‘full flight’ and they run out of spacein the overhead storage" Pros: "The flight was cancelled at the last minute I had to buy another flight with Air Canada that cost me double the price and i was stuck at the airport all day !!!! The Air Canada flight was at 6.30pm ,and the West Jet was suppose to leave at 11.30am" Porter uses the intelligent and logical way of boarding a plane - from the back. Pros: "Wine and food on flight, nice crew" Cons: "The people at the ytz airport missed our boarding call and then had to tell us in person to board and our flight was late." Pros: "It was absurd to pay $42 to check a small carry on backpack. The crew was rude, the air conditioning was unbearably cold, the flight was delayed several times and as a result I missed the event in New York that was the whole reason I booked this flight. My flight back to Toronto was also delayed." Cons: "Free carry on bag, gracious crew, no delays, comfortable temperature. I will not be flying with Porter again after the experience I had." Pros: "Crew were lovely" Cons: "2 short hauls. Somewhat turbulent. No one can fix that,crept the Big Guy" Pros: "All ok. Pilots did a great job landing in heavy winds and low temps. Bravo" Cons: "Left late. Are later. No big problem" Cons: "Couldn't figure out my frequent flier number and the call-in centre wanted me to wait for some crazy amount of time to figure it out. Kind of insulting." Cons: "Every flight was delayed at least 30 minutes and the boarding and deplannaning process was close to a third-world country airline. Terrible." Pros: "Shuttle/downtown convenience / ease of boarding procedures due to small size / coffee in lounge!" Cons: "the snack (chips) I recieved was expired and had a smell to it!" Pros: "The check in process was very easy. The boarding process was very easy. The flight attendants were very pleasant." Cons: "There was not anything to complain about." From the moment I walked into the airport in Chicago to the moment I was walking off the plane in Florida I had an unforgettable experience! I was traveling with my 3 month old by myself and everyone just made sure I was taken care of. I couldn’t thank them enough! Pros: "super uncortable. everytime AA is shrinking their seats. wifi wasnt working and u have to pay" Pros: "Left lake but still made it on time" Cons: "Aircraft was hot. I volunteered to check my carry on and on other airlines they’d let you board early but the lady just made excuses. It’s fine if that’s policy but I don’t appreciate made up excuses." Pros: "Amazing" Cons: "More room I pay for main cabin It feels it was just the regular" Cons: "The flight attendants were very polite. Both of us are blind, and they told us the information we needed – how far away is the nearest exit row. Otherwise they treated us like everyone else!" Pros: "I was able to finish a movie I started on a different flight and found an additional enjoyable movie to watch." Cons: "The airplane was uncomfortably hot. The flight attendant apologized and said it would cool off at cruising altitude. It never cooled off. The flight was full and very crowded. I was in the last boarding group even though my seat was in row 17. They required me to check my carryon due to space." Pros: "The crew was great! The ride was smooth and the plane looked brand new!" Pros: "Crew was nice" Cons: "No tvs that was a major let down as i was traveling with 2 kids i was really not happy about that my 6 year old just wantex to watch something and kept asking every 2 minutes if we were there yet... so please some tvs on those plains would greatly appreciated." Pros: "One of the only flights that got out during a blizzard. Very professional, de-icing went smoothly, pilot was smooth and flight was smooth." Cons: "All good" Pros: "The crew was excellent. Stewardess was cheerful and helpful. The flight while full was not crowded." Cons: "Plane was late. Mechanical issue at the gate after boarding. Seating room pretty tight. Three gate chanes at O'Hare." Cons: "Problems with the emergency lightning caused the flight to depart two hours late" Cons: "I didn't like the food at all, and couldn't complete it." Pros: "Early flight was not as crowded" Cons: "But was very busy just the same. Weather was poor" Cons: "When I had to change my wife's ticket due to an emergency, we were charged over $415.00. That is unfair." Cons: "Many connecting flights jammed together F terminal at YYZ. SOME thing caused delay after delay. This really messed up baggage people. Once we boarded after like - 10 delays and a gate change, there were NUMEROUS whole-flight mixups with luggage - so many similar flight numbers traveling to same destination and whole flights awaiting their luggage. Our party of four had our luggage spread through THREE different planes. WTH? No customer service at DTW once we arrived and there were so many livid people. Absolutely awful. We were supposed to arrive at 5PM and it's now 3:11AM. My son just completed filing a luggage claim loss. And we are off to drive home to Grand Rapids two hours away. Nightmare." Pros: "Roomy plane." Cons: "Restroom no working for disabled. Boarding was disorganized and chaotic." Pros: "This was the absolute worst experience of my life. Out flight from Calgary to LAX was on the complete other side of the airport than our connector to San Diego. After a delay we had a short amount of time to get to the next flight. We literally were told to just cross the parking lot. Well... that ended up being a 25 minute run across the airport to only have to go thru security again. After navigating construction and parking structures we got to our gate 10 minutes late and would not be let on the flight. There was zero communication, sympathy or help from the United Airlines staff. We were told it was not their problem because we came in through Air Canada- BUT we booked through United! All in all it was an absolute nightmare that ended in us renting a car at 12am and driving back to San Diego with zero compensation from United Airlines" Cons: "No communication between airlines! No customer service to fix their lack of planning and communication. Just terrible all around" Pros: "-Direct flight -The boarding by sections. Less of a stampede." Cons: "When I arrived to my seat, the overhead compartment was full. I had no room for my carry-on. I mentioned it to the flight attendant. He just shrugged and told me to put my carry-on under the seat in front of me. So, #1, I guess some people bring more carry-on and the staff lets them. And #2, I guess it wasn't tight enough in those seats and even though I'm over 6 ft, the staff had to make it tighter. Also, when it was time to land, I thought my seat was all the way up. It was not fully all the way up. I was half asleep, and all of sudden, instead of telling me, one of the flight attendant pushed on the button to raise my seat. I would've appreciated him telling me. The landing was delayed, but that's no ones fault at rouge. I am trying to be as objective as I can. Hopefully, when (and if) someone at Air Canada-Rouge reads this, he or she has enough "pull" at the company to ask the proper authorities:"what kind of company are we? Are we a bargain basement flight company that offers just basic flights for extremely low prices? Or are we an average flight company that offer great value for the money the customer pays?" Because, from my perspective as a customer who is at his second experience with Air Canada-Rouge, the feeling that I get from flying with you guys, is that your company offers basic flights that doesn't offer great value for the money. It's more a company that "plays on both fields", taking what suits them, and leaving what doesn't , regardless of their customer. I understand that a company has to make money. It's normal. But, at a certain point, don't you have to think about your customers? To be honest, the only reason I flew with Air Canada-Rouge is that I was stuck with no other choices but to fly with you (schedule, cost, etc.) And I know for a fact that I'm not the only one. The feeling that I get, is that your company counts on customer like me. Customers that are "stuck", with no other alternatives. If your company wants to offer many "cheap direct flights" like Ryanair and Easyjet offer in Europe, I have 2 suggestions: #1: lower your prices. #2 :your staff should be more customer friendly savvy. Because those 2 companies, that's what they offer. Always remember: you can put a lot of maple syrup on a pile of sh***t, it still won't taste like pancakes. Thank you." Pros: "Everything about the flight went very smoothly. The take off was right on time the boarding was quick and efficient and all the workers on the plane were very kind." Cons: "Only thing I had a issue with was my headphone jack was a little loose so I had to hold the headphones in a certain spot so I could hear all the audio." Pros: "I didn't like anything about it." Cons: "The crew needs to learn how to effectively execute the meal/drink service. It takes entirely too long. Also, on an international Flight, over three hours, you don't provide a snack!? And the small cup of soda we get takes over an hour for some people to get. The seats are entirely too close. I'm 5'9 and my knees were digging into the seat in front of me. Then the guy in front of me reclined and I had absolutely no room. I had to turn to the side. We didn't board until around the time we were supposed to depart. We were over a hour behind schedule. They held the plane to get a passenger's bag off because he was stuck in customs. Unless it's a funeral I need to get to, I'm not flying Air Canada again." Delta7.9 WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 American Airlines7.2 Air Canada7.1 Book cheap flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 19/12Tue 1 stop 11h 52mYYC-FLL C$ 137 Search 13/3Wed 1 stopPorter Airlines 9h 42mYYC-FLL C$ 141 Search 17/4Wed 1 stopPorter Airlines 9h 42mYYC-FLL C$ 153 Search 15/3Fri 2 stopsWestJet 21h 11mYYC-FLL C$ 222 Search 17/2Sat 2 stopsWestJet 34h 07mYYC-FLL C$ 224 Search 16/2Fri 1 stopAir Canada 14h 40mYYC-FLL C$ 398 Search 18/12Mon 1 stopAir Canada 12h 04mYYC-FLL C$ 416 Search 23/12Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 16h 46mYYC-FLL C$ 436 Search 23/12Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 16h 46mYYC-FLL C$ 437 Search 27/12Wed 1 stopDelta 11h 19mYYC-FLL C$ 554 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlinePorter AirlinesWestJetAir CanadaUnited AirlinesDelta Search by priceC$ 140 or lessC$ 220 or lessC$ 400 or lessC$ 440 or lessC$ 550 or less Last minute flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale that are departing in the next 10 days. 5/12Tue multi-stop 20h 43mYYC-FLL 12/12Tue multi-stop 8h 59mFLL-YYC C$ 267 Search 5/12Tue multi-stop 20h 43mYYC-FLL 9/12Sat multi-stop 16h 10mFLL-YYC C$ 269 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopAir Canada 9h 54mYYC-FLL 13/12Wed multi-stopAir Canada 15h 56mFLL-YYC C$ 375 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 13h 54mYYC-FLL 13/12Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 43mFLL-YYC C$ 399 Search 2/12Sat multi-stopAir Canada 16h 09mYYC-FLL 13/12Wed multi-stopAir Canada 15h 56mFLL-YYC C$ 407 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 18h 39mYYC-FLL 8/12Fri multi-stopWestJet 14h 44mFLL-YYC C$ 441 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopWestJet 8h 49mYYC-FLL 9/12Sat directWestJet 6h 14mFLL-YYC C$ 467 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 11h 05mYYC-FLL 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 56mFLL-YYC C$ 509 Search 3/12Sun multi-stopDelta 8h 49mYYC-FLL 8/12Fri multi-stopDelta 12h 51mFLL-YYC C$ 840 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopDelta 9h 49mYYC-FLL 8/12Fri multi-stopDelta 12h 51mFLL-YYC C$ 982 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir CanadaUnited AirlinesWestJetDelta Search by priceC$ 270 or lessC$ 400 or lessC$ 440 or lessC$ 510 or lessC$ 980 or less Calgary - Fort Lauderdale Flights Departure: Calgary (YYC)Canada Destination: Fort Lauderdale (FLL)United States Return flight deals: Fort Lauderdale - Calgary Cabin classes: C$ 1,930 First Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Business Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Prem Econ Class flights to Fort Lauderdale C$ 301 Economy Class flights to Fort Lauderdale Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Alberta » Calgary C$ 303Flights from Calgary to Fort Lauderdale Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Fort Lauderdale C$ 326Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Fort Lauderdale Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Victoria Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Ottawa Flights to Kelowna Flights to Halifax Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Fort Lauderdale flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Fort Lauderdale from Calgary. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Fort Lauderdale from Calgary. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.