Cheap Flights from Montreal to Florida from C$ 102 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Montreal to Florida from C$ 102 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 14/12. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Florida ...and more Latest Florida Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayReturn MOST POPULAROrlando From Montreal Direct from C$ 160 Search flights Fort Lauderdale From Montreal Direct from C$ 148 Search flights Miami From Montreal Direct from C$ 240 Search flights Tampa From Montreal Direct from C$ 160 Search flights Fort Myers From Montreal 1 stop from C$ 285 Search flights Sarasota From Montreal 1 stop from C$ 471 Search flights Good to know Low season September High season February Cheapest flight C$ 102 Best time to beat the crowds (12% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (2% more expensive on average) Flight from Montreal to Orlando Airport FAQs - booking Florida flights How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Montreal to Florida? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Montreal to Florida. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Montreal to Florida? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Florida from Montreal is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Montreal to Florida? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Florida with an airline and back to Montreal with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Montreal to Florida? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Florida from Montreal up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Florida Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Montreal to the following destinations at these prices or less: Fort Lauderdale C$ 189 one-way - C$ 303 round-trip; Orlando C$ 151 one-way - C$ 236 round-trip; Miami C$ 233 one-way - C$ 348 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be January, November and December. The cheapest month to fly from Montreal is November. Morning departure is around 9% cheaper than an evening flight, on average*. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Montreal to FloridaNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Montreal to Florida? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.8 WestJet EncoreOverall score based on 219 reviews 81boarding 75comfort 69entertainment 85crew 80overall 71food Airline reviews Great flight, comfort, and staff. Prefer tv in back of seat but watching on phone will do Great flight, comfort, and staff. Prefer tv in back of seat but watching on phone will do Pros: "Friendly staff and the support they offered to my mother who needed a wheelchair." Cons: "I would have liked to have had WestJet internet and entertainment access. It was not offered on our flight from Toronto to Fredericton." Pros: "The fact that military personnel and retired military personnel and their spouse can check in luggage for free. The check in crew was also very courteous." Pros: "It ran on time. The pilot landed the plane without a big jolt. We could board and deplane using 2 exits." Cons: "Seat space" Pros: "Rotten stuff cancels out the good doesn't it. Be great if you could take some courses from Stephen Covey as you are missing some skills sets in hospitality. And stop being so cheap with the 3rd rate old old movies!" Cons: "I did not appreciate having the second row to the last on my 2nd plane coming back - I only had a turn around time of 20 minutes to catch my third Westjet flight. When we asked if the plane would wait for us - your crew just laughed in our faces." Pros: "Cheerfulness of WestJet employees." Cons: "Seat comfort; seats hard. Person next to me average size but still spilled into my seat with “man-spreading” and shoulders." Pros: "Efficient crew and reasonable seating" Cons: "Need more legroom or a device to fold passenger legs for the flight duration..." Pros: "Crew was good. Seats need to be updated and are confining. I appreciated being able to disembark through front and rear door." Cons: "More space between the seats." Pros: "the crew was very polite but the flight was too short to have a meal" Cons: "delayed embarking" Cons: "No plugs to charge phone. Though flight was budget class, other airlines does it better when it comes to food." The hard product, food, and service are far superior to their North American counterparts Pros: "The premium economy- it was the most uncomfortable - tight seats. The back of the seats are not reclining It’s not worth the money you pay for premium services" Cons: "The premium economy should be eliminated and should be labeled for what it is: couch class with some perks" Pros: "The seats were much more comfortable then my last flight. The entertainment system was also updated from the 1980’s remote and cord ones on my flight from DC to Paris." Cons: "There was no food between the two meals on an 8 hour flight. I had a flight attendant rudely tell me that there is nothing to offer until the next meal. No one reached out to me about the horrible flight and comments I made from the last flight." Cons: "No leg room at all, cant believe those seats met legal standard. The plane smelled, boarding was a nightmare because too many people had big bags. An announcement had been madd that vags would be collected, but obviously were not." Cons: "First class bathroom could have been cleaner and wider - very narrow, hard to maneuver" Cons: "CDG airport in Paris is a very inefficient and by far the slowest airport. I recommend other passengers to get to the airport at least 4 hours before their departure." Pros: "Good crew, as usual with Air France." Cons: "Old plane with very lousy seats for a super expensive business class. Super slow check in and overall process till boarding because of lack of ground staff compared to passenger volumes" Cons: "Train your ground crew. Our luggage was not placed on our flight from Paris to Amsterdam and were sent to Amsterdam on separate planes. My husband’s medication was in his bag. This was a great inconvenience for us. Never again on Air Canada. I suggest you explore the baggage process used by Delta." Cons: "Poor service. Terrible food. Aging aircraft. Terrible in-flight entertainment system. Really not good AirFrance." Pros: "Air France personnel is always really helpful" Cons: "Food and comfort in short haul are not the best - but the flight is short..." Cons: "To have known that you had to do security twice without leaving the boarding area." Pros: "The crew was great." Cons: "The seat space was very narrow for an international flight." Pros: "Crew amazing. Passengers great" Cons: "Seats are way too small. Aisles way too tight. Recent acquisition by air Canada must improve passenger comfort." Pros: "Air Transat provide excellent service with affordable prices. I have arrived late to check-in desk due to unexpected traffic but Air Transat team was very supportive, even helped us to cross the customs in no-time until the gate of the plane without interrupting the flight time. Highly Recommended." Pros: "Loved the extra leg room." Cons: "Food was horrible, had two bites and didn’t eat the rest." Pros: "There was not much to like... we boarded quickly that was about it." Cons: "For starters, they should offer water and juice on all flights. On my outbound trip they only offered water and it took them a long time to offer the water. Also, on my inbound trip they turned on the lights after take off and had them on for a while. Seats are also SMALL." Pros: "Price" Cons: "It took almost an hour from landing for our luggage to make it to the belt. For a domestic flight, this is really poor." Pros: "Crew was kind and attentive. Boarding was efficient." Cons: "Smallest seats I've been in in a while. Very poor on board entertainment (one 10" screen for every 4 rows, damaged audio ports, annoying movie choices). Very limited cabin storage." Pros: "It left fairly promptly. Service was efficient. The seat was comfortable." Cons: "flight was delayed in both directions; very few announcements; the crew were ok, but there was not much service in the hour we waited foe the plane to take off and during the flight" Pros: "The crew was very attentive" Cons: "As much as the flight was truly very good and the crew very friendly and helpful as much as the equipment (airplane, seats, entertainment) really shabby and certainly not worth the the 2500,00 $ I paid for a better seat. I could of flown with Air transat and get better than I got with Air Canada. I feel it was rip off. Quality - price not there . Please give your crew a better uniform. The ones they wear now is very sad and oldish looking. If I think this and am 67 years old, imagine what the younger generation thinks." Pros: "Everything was perfect on the flight. The service, the food and the crew." Cons: "Seats are a bit small. Not very comfortable and touch screen of entertainment system was slow." Pros: "Nothing..you're going from one airline to another one... N the schedule is was changed without notice..." Cons: "First I get to the airport in Montreal to fly with Lufthansa.as I bought my ticket with Lufthansa.. ..made line for about 15 min they tell me it is not with them, it is with air canada..no reason why...so I did made line again..the hours of that fly were the same.. but when I landed in Geneva somebody is waiting for me to tell me my fly has been cancel..so I had to fly to Zurich instead and not only that I had a meeting today getting into barcelona but with the new schedule instead of arriving to 400 pm I ended up getting there at 730pm..and to add to this it is a 4 days trip so I already lost one..and I still not in Barcelona so will see what happens to my bag." Cons: "Lack of communication. Crew was unattentitive and seemed to not know protocol or appear to have things under the control." Pros: "The passengers, the Brussels airport retail area, 1 of the flight attendants who was polite and welcoming, and the entertainment selections. Finally being connected to Swiss staff." Cons: "The crew was not very welcoming and was borderline rude when I asked any sort of question such as why I was not allowed to wear my headphones prior to take off. I was patient in not wearing them, but could not relaxing into the trip for the 40+ minutes we remained on the ground mostly not moving. I was tired when boarding and fumbled with my documents and was very curtly told to just hand them over. Another time I accidentally mistook headphones the stewardess was handing out for something else. I took a pair and then immediately gave them back with an apology that I didn't realise what they were, but thanked her anyway. This was met with a scowl and a bit of opposition. There was one stewardess that was very nice and accommodating out of the entire crew. On top of this the toilet seat on the plane was broken, so it fell on you when you were trying to go to the bathroom, and the soap dispenser was broken. I didn't dare mention these things to the flight crew though. The plane was late taking off from Montreal, and so was late landing in Brussels. No effort was made to provide connections assistance, or provide directions on where to go to rebook our missed connections. I and all others traveling to Zurich spent the entire morning trying to find anyone from Air Canada to help us rebook our flights. We literally were going from desk to desk between two terminals, and consulting each other as we went to limit the amount of leg work we all had to do. We all had to finally leave the terminal area and go to Swissport and stand in a long slow line. By that time any afternoon flight was already overbooked. So I and a group of other passengers were booked for an evening flight which forced me to book a hotel in Zurich because I couldn't get to where I needed to be that evening. After being rebook, I still tried to get on an earlier flight by going directly to the gate. It was confirmed that there was some extra space available, but they would not switch me to the earlier flight because I had a checked bag that I could not separate me from. Ultimately my bag was lost which made me have to stay awake and in the Zurich airport even longer after I finally arrived going from one lost baggage representative to another, and then waiting in another line to finally fill out paperwork because my bag had never been scanned in Brussels. The Zurich representatives were very polite, helpful, and efficient compared to anyone I encountered in Montreal, or Brussels. I was without my bag for 3.5 days of what was supposed to be a 10 day trip. My trip was reduced to 9 days because I spent an entire day in the Brussels airport and then had to spend the night in Zurich. I arrived in Zurich on Saturday night, and received my bag on Tuesday afternoon. All in all it was not a good experience until I got to Switzerland." Pros: "Where do i start? It’s a short flight to be sure but air canada planes never feel like many Other airlines’ mini planes or puddle jumpers. they seem new, spacious, seat back Entertainemnt, just great. Also, there is no scrimping on Service. How many Delta or united or American flights have i taken on this route only to be told “coffee or water” and sometimes no coffee “the flight is too short”. Nonsense! Granted I was in business, but I had a full hot breakfast served and a full array of beverages offered. It AC can do it, everyone can. The flight attendant was lovely." Cons: "The flight was too short :)" Pros: "Boarding was easy" Cons: "This was a +10 hour trans Atlantic flight. We walked on and immediately noticed there were no TV screens. I expected that the crew would be handing out portable screens instead which would have been ok but pretty inconvenient. This was not the case. We asked the crew and were told that to have entertainment for the flight we would have to download the Air Canada flight into our OWN devices and connect to the airplane wifi. They also explained that you can't download the app while connected to the airplane wifi so anyone who wanted entertainment had to scramble to download the app while we were still on the ground and Use cellular data! at this point 300 people were either panicking because they didn't have a personal device with them, didn't have a charger for their device and so would have power issues or were forced to use up roaming data because they had non Canadian phone plans!!! At the very least staff should have told passengers about this setup while they were waiting at the gate, so that people would have time to download the app with airport wifi! add to all this the fact that the app was extremely low quality and the options for movies/show were disappointingly dated and limited. This was not officially a cheap low cost flight for my family but the service we got certainly would categorize it as such. Very disappointed." Pros: "They provided a meal, a snack, and plenty of beverages. The crew was pleasant, attentive, and helpful." Cons: "Our flight was delayed three hours. My flight and one other were the last to leave that night. There were no TVs on this flight. The only way to watch movies was on a smart phone or electronic device through their app. My poor old fashioned dad, didn't bring his phone so he would have just sat there for seven and a half hours if I didn't let him borrow mine. AirCanada's alternative is to rent an iPad from them, just another way for airline companies to get money out of us. The movie choices on their app were bad and older. International flights usually have new movies to so it is less likely passengers have seen them already." Pros: "Roomy plane." Cons: "Restroom no working for disabled. Boarding was disorganized and chaotic." Cons: "No entertainment no snacks no checked in luggage. You have to pay to rent iPad to watch inflight movies as pay for earphones. Air Canada has become a premium priced airline with extra low cost /no frills service. Sad and disappointing. Last time I am flying with AC. Rather book cheaper airlines and know what to expect than pay a premium and get even less than the low cost option. Boarding staff was rude pushing people etc" Internet was not working for a bet . Hard to order food with our credit card because it was not in your system . Booked economy through United - air canada treated it as standby and was almost refused boarding. Pros: "Best Airline." Cons: "Nothing, flights are always great in my experience with United." Pros: "Crew in flight was nice and professional Sit in 1st class was comfortable" Cons: "For this flight everything was good" Pros: "Timeliness, professional staff and crew" Cons: "Less cramped airplane: there is nothing wrong with the plane itself but every time I have travelled this route the plane has been completely full (this time it was even oversold) so a bigger plane would help" Pros: "The flight was easy and quick. These small planes are actually pretty comfortable." Cons: "Waiting for a gate in Chicago is never fun. Most people on the plane seemed to have tight connections, and I'm guessing most of us missed them. I only made mine because the next flight was delayed." Pros: "Quick boarding" Cons: "No leg room, uncomfortable seat and shitty WiFi kept cutting out or buffering" Cons: "Rough landing in Washington, smell of kerosene in Sao Paulo flight, otherwise good." Pros: "The connection time Mach very well。" Cons: "I learned that 3 flight together long hours have no food been sever and we have time to get food from airport. Next time I will do better☺。" Pros: "..." Cons: "All of my fligts has been delayed and resceduled, so instead of 18 hours to go to hawaii, it took me 36h" WestJet Encore7.8 Air France7.4 Air Transat7.2 Air Canada7.1 United Airlines7.0 Book cheap flights from Montreal to Florida Recent one-way flight deals 14/12Thu directLynx Air 3h 40mYUL-MCO C$ 75 Search 20/1Sat directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYUL-FLL C$ 76 Search 26/2Mon directAir Transat 3h 55mYUL-MIA C$ 109 Search 10/12Sun directAir Transat 3h 55mYUL-MIA C$ 110 Search 19/12Tue directAir Canada 3h 45mYUL-TPA C$ 111 Search 18/12Mon directAir Canada 3h 38mYUL-MCO C$ 113 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 01mYUL-TPA C$ 130 Search 17/2Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 10h 06mYUL-RSW C$ 141 Search 4/3Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 56mYUL-RSW C$ 142 Search 10/12Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 15h 34mYUL-MIA C$ 145 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirFlair AirlinesAir TransatAir CanadaUnited AirlinesAmerican Airlines Search by priceC$ 80 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 110 or lessC$ 140 or lessC$ 150 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 5/5Sun directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYUL-FLL 26/5Sun directFlair Airlines 3h 20mFLL-YUL C$ 109 Search 28/1Sun directFlair Airlines 3h 45mYUL-FLL 5/2Mon directFlair Airlines 3h 20mFLL-YUL C$ 111 Search 10/12Sun directAir Transat 3h 55mYUL-MIA 11/12Mon directAir Transat 3h 40mMIA-YUL C$ 177 Search 14/12Thu directAir Canada 3h 38mYUL-MCO 20/12Wed directAir Canada 3h 09mMCO-YUL C$ 178 Search 19/1Fri directAir Transat 3h 55mYUL-MIA 28/1Sun directAir Transat 3h 40mMIA-YUL C$ 178 Search 20/12Wed directAir Canada 3h 45mYUL-TPA 29/12Fri directAir Canada 3h 13mTPA-YUL C$ 179 Search 16/1Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 9h 18mYUL-TPA 23/1Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 48mTPA-YUL C$ 208 Search 10/1Wed 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 39mYUL-TPA 14/1Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 03mTPA-YUL C$ 227 Search 8/2Thu 2 stopsWestJet Encore 9h 28mYUL-MLB 29/2Thu 1 stopWestJet Encore 9h 19mMLB-YUL C$ 473 Search 26/12Tue 1 stopWestJet Encore 9h 12mYUL-RSW 30/12Sat 1 stopWestJet Encore 9h 18mRSW-YUL C$ 515 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesAir TransatAir CanadaUnited AirlinesWestJet Encore Search by priceC$ 110 or lessC$ 180 or lessC$ 180 or lessC$ 230 or lessC$ 520 or less Last minute flights from Montreal to Florida Last minute flight, train and bus deals 3/12Sun directLynx Air 3h 40mYUL-MCO 10/12Sun directLynx Air 3h 04mMCO-YUL C$ 118 Search 1/12Fri directLynx Air 3h 37mYUL-TPA 3/12Sun directLynx Air 3h 09mTPA-YUL C$ 118 Search 4/12Mon directAir Transat 3h 55mYUL-MIA 11/12Mon directAir Transat 3h 40mMIA-YUL C$ 177 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 3h 45mYUL-TPA 12/12Tue directAir Canada 3h 13mTPA-YUL C$ 179 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 3h 45mYUL-TPA 12/12Tue directAir Canada 3h 13mTPA-YUL C$ 180 Search 3/12Sun directAir Transat 3h 35mYUL-MCO 6/12Wed directAir Transat 3h 10mMCO-YUL C$ 191 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 50mYUL-MIA 8/12Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 14mMIA-YUL C$ 224 Search 5/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 11h 23mYUL-TPA 11/12Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 15mTPA-YUL C$ 227 Search 4/12Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 11h 56mYUL-MIA 7/12Thu multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 45mMIA-YUL C$ 238 Search 1/12Fri directAmerican Airlines 3h 55mYUL-MIA 14/12Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 58mMIA-YUL C$ 239 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineLynx AirAir TransatAir CanadaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by priceC$ 120 or lessC$ 180 or lessC$ 190 or lessC$ 230 or lessC$ 240 or less Montreal - Florida Flights Departure: Montreal (YUL)Canada Return flight deals: Florida - Montreal Cabin classes: First Class flights to Florida C$ 1,254 Business Class flights to Florida C$ 907 Prem Econ Class flights to Florida C$ 163 Economy Class flights to Florida Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Quebec » Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl C$ 140Flights from Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport to Florida Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida C$ 334Flights to Daytona Beach, Florida C$ 240Flights to Florida Keys, Florida C$ 140Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Florida C$ 262Flights to Fort Myers, Florida C$ 637Flights to Gainesville, Florida C$ 457Flights to Jacksonville, Florida C$ 594Flights to Key West, Florida C$ 334Flights to Melbourne, Florida, Florida C$ 240Flights to Miami, Florida C$ 155Flights to Orlando, Florida C$ 513Flights to Panama City, Florida, Florida C$ 307Flights to Pensacola, Florida C$ 493Flights to Sarasota, Florida C$ 148Flights to Tampa, Florida C$ 753Flights to Tampa, Florida C$ 804Flights to Valparaiso, Florida, Florida C$ 417Flights to West Palm Beach, Florida View more Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Winnipeg Flights to Moncton Flights to Victoria Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Florida flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Florida from Montreal. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to anywhere in Florida from Montreal. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.