Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco from $37 | (LAX - SFO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - SFO Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco from $37 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 4/16. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel lør. 12/30 lør. 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to San Francisco These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to San Francisco. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to San Francisco. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to San Francisco?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:00 am - 7:19 amLAX-SFO 1h 19mnonstop 8:55 pm - 10:20 pmSFO-LAX 1h 25mnonstop $78JetBlue Find Deal tir., dec. 5 - tir., dec. 12 10:40 am - 12:11 pmLAX-SFO 1h 31mnonstop 2:10 pm - 3:38 pmSFO-LAX 1h 28mnonstop $83 Find Deal tor., jan. 25 - tor., feb. 1 10:35 pm - 11:59 pmLAX-SFO 1h 24mnonstop 7:30 am - 9:02 amSFO-LAX 1h 32mnonstop $88United Airlines Find Deal ons., dec. 6 - tir., dec. 12 4:29 pm - 5:53 pmLAX-SFO 1h 24mnonstop 11:33 am - 1:03 pmSFO-LAX 1h 30mnonstop $90American Airlines Find Deal lør., jan. 20 - lør., jan. 27 4:29 pm - 5:53 pmLAX-SFO 1h 24mnonstop 2:15 pm - 3:44 pmSFO-LAX 1h 29mnonstop $92American Airlines Find Deal lør., jan. 20 - tir., jan. 23 6:05 am - 7:32 amLAX-SFO 1h 27mnonstop 6:00 am - 7:30 amSFO-LAX 1h 30mnonstop $97Delta Find Deal man., jan. 22 - tir., jan. 23 6:05 am - 7:32 amLAX-SFO 1h 27mnonstop 6:00 am - 7:30 amSFO-LAX 1h 30mnonstop $98Delta Find Deal fre., jan. 19 - man., jan. 22 7:30 pm - 8:55 pmLAX-SFO 1h 25mnonstop 10:57 pm - 12:29 amSFO-LAX 1h 32mnonstop $105United Airlines Find Deal man., dec. 18 - man., dec. 18 8:59 pm - 10:32 pmLAX-SFO 1h 33mnonstop 9:31 am - 11:05 amSFO-LAX 1h 34mnonstop $133Alaska Airlines Find Deal tor., feb. 15 - man., feb. 19 7:35 am - 9:03 amLAX-SFO 1h 28mnonstop 12:35 pm - 8:41 pmSFO-LAX 8h 06m1 stop $151Alaska Airlines Find Deal ons., jan. 17 - ons., jan. 17 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Los Angeles to San Francisco? The average price of all flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Los Angeles to San Francisco, Thursday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Sunday is the most expensive. Flying from San Francisco back to Los Angeles, the best deals are generally found on Tuesday, with Friday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to San Francisco? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco is February, where tickets cost $127 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are November and June, where the average cost of tickets is $167 and $158 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to San Francisco? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to San Francisco, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 83 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Alaska Airlines ($37) and JetBlue ($39). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on JetBlue ($78) and United Airlines ($88). Which airlines fly most frequently between Los Angeles and San Francisco? American Airlines connects Los Angeles to San Francisco with up to 5 flights per day. United Airlines also offers 5 flights per day, while Southwest follows with 3 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and San Francisco? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco. There are 6 airlines that fly nonstop from Los Angeles to San Francisco. They are: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue, Southwest and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with JetBlue at $48 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at JetBlue. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and San Francisco per day? Each day, there are between 12 and 37 nonstop flights that take off from Los Angeles and land in San Francisco, with an average flight time of 1h 27m. The most common departure time is 4:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 147 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 25% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and San Francisco? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to San Francisco take? The duration of a nonstop flight to San Francisco from Los Angeles is typically 1h 19m. The journey crosses a distance of 338 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to San Francisco? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 6:00 am and will be landing in San Francisco at 7:35 am. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to San Francisco? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to San Francisco jets off at 10:35 pm and lands at 11:59 pm. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight $37 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 7% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 4% lower on average. Flight from Los Angeles to San Francisco When to book flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to San Francisco based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco Are there direct flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco? Yes, all nonstop flights to San Francisco from Los Angeles arrive at San Francisco International Airport (SFO). These connections are operated by several airlines, among them United Airlines, Alaska Airlines, JetBlue, and Delta Airlines. Which is the best arrival airport if I want to visit the Golden Gate Bridge? San Francisco International Airport (SFO) is the main airport serving San Francisco. Golden Gate Bridge lies about 17.3 miles from SFO, and the best way to reach this destination without a car is via the BART and line 28 bus, which takes one hour. However, if you cherish your comfort and convenience, then a self-drive in a rental car is handy. Still, if you have extra funds to spare, hail a taxi. Are there car rentals from San Francisco International Airport to downtown San Francisco? If you’re looking to rent a car after arriving at San Francisco International Airport, head to McDonnell Road. To get there, hop onto the AirTrain Blue Line. This service is free and runs 24/7, making stops in all the airport’s main terminals, the airport’s parking garages, and the rental car center itself. Once you get off at the rental car center, pop into the office of the selected company for your car. Are there any services for passengers with limited mobility at SFO upon their arrival? Passengers with mobility limitations get the necessary assistance when they arrive at San Francisco International Airport from Los Angeles, upon earlier arrangements with their airlines. Services include wheelchairs and accessible restroom guidance for those with social and communication challenges. Is Wi-Fi available at airports in Los Angeles and San Francisco? To cater to business and leisure travelers, LAX, San Francisco International Airport, and San Jose International Airport offer free wireless internet services. What kind of dining options can I find at Los Angeles International Airport? With over 90 food and beverage outlets, LAX has something to suit your mood and preference. Enjoy a drink at the sophisticated Petrossian Caviar & Champagne Bar, dine on upscale French-Japanese fusion cuisine at Chaya, or grab a quick burger, frozen yoghurt, or coffee. I’m traveling with kids. How can I keep them entertained at LAX? The LAX Beach is a beach-themed play area for children aged between 2 and 8 years old. Located at the Tom Bradley International Terminal, kids can play safely and burn off some energy before getting on a flight. What are the public transport options from San Francisco International Airport to the center? BART operates a rapid rail service from San Francisco International Airport to San Francisco and the East Bay. Get the free AirTrain from any terminal to the SFO BART Station. SamTrans runs a bus service connecting the airport with San Mateo County and parts of San Francisco. A number of routes stop at the Airport terminals including SFO and ECR. The Caltrain Commuter Rail provides a rail service between San Francisco and San Jose. Take a SamTrans bus to Caltrain’s Millbrae Station to connect. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and San Francisco? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to San Francisco? JetBlue, Delta, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, and Cape Air offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to San Francisco flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to San Francisco? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to San Francisco flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and San Francisco, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to San Francisco? There are nonstop flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco, Southwest or Alaska Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco are Southwest and Alaska Airlines. With an average price for the route of $179 and an overall rating of 8.4, Southwest is the most popular choice. Alaska Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $146 and an overall rating of 8.3. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to San Francisco? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to San Francisco from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to San Francisco with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and SFO can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to San Francisco? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to San Francisco from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to San Francisco Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $78 or less one-way and $128 or less round-trip. Los Angeles has several airports, and you thus have a choice to choose the one that suits your needs when flying out of the city. Nonetheless, Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) is the main departure airport running both international and domestic flights to San Francisco. Suppose you want to reserve a flight from Los Angeles to San Francisco. In that case, there are more routes and options for you to choose from when flying to the main airport that serves the city, San Francisco International Airport. This main airport in San Francisco is where most direct flights departing from Los Angeles land. Three major airlines run regular flights between Los Angeles and San Francisco, including JetBlue, Alaska Airlines, and Multiple Airlines. All these carriers have their hubs at San Francisco International Airport (SFO). However, carriers operating between these two destinations may have different routes to this San Francisco airport from Los Angele’s main airports, LAX and ONT. If you’re traveling from Los Angeles to San Francisco with your four-legged family member, look out for signs showing areas where they can relieve themselves. Both LAX and Ontario International Airport (ONT) offer pet relief spots in each terminal. If you’re weary and want to relax before your departure from Los Angeles﻿ to San Francisco, look for outlets that offer therapy to help you overcome nervousness. If LAX is your departure point, there are massage parlors in terminal 1 and terminal 5 at your disposal. This service is handy in calming your emotions. Booking flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco? Depending on where you’re staying, you can choose from three airports to fly into to cut down on commuting time. San Francisco International Airport in located in San Mateo County, 13 miles south of the city center. This is a great choice if you’re staying in San Francisco or visiting Sonoma or Napa Valley. Oakland International Airport is 10 miles south of downtown Oakland and a good option if you’re traveling to Yosemite National Park or Lake Tahoe. Norman Y. Mineta San Jose International Airport is located in San Jose, in the heart of Silicon Valley. Flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco usually depart from Los Angeles Airport. If you want to do a little last-minute shopping before your flight, LAX rivals the top malls for shopping and has over 60 retail outlets, including international brands, gift shops, and newsstands. To showcase the dynamic, creative spirit of Los Angeles, LAX has transformed many of its public spaces into art spaces with exhibitions and installations for the enjoyment of travelers. The 11 exhibition sites are located in Terminals 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, and the Tom Bradley International Terminal. Before getting on your flight at Los Angeles International Airport, pamper yourself with a relaxing massage to improve your circulation. Manicures, pedicures, and other spa treatments are available at the XpresSpa, located at the Tom Bradley International Terminal and the Be Relax Spa in Terminal 1. If flying stresses you out, the Pets Unstressing Passengers (PUP) Program at LAX gives you an opportunity to relax before your flight. Therapy dogs in red “pet me” vests can be found on the departure level of each terminal, accompanied by helpful handlers. Children and adults alike can cuddle and pat a friendly puppy for a few minutes before departing. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to San Francisco? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to San Francisco, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to San Francisco Search Flights Monday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +33 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +34 more 32 33 Tuesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +34 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +35 more 33 34 Wednesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +33 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +34 more 32 33 Friday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Saturday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +33 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +34 more 32 33 Sunday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 See more direct flights Nonstop returns San Francisco to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Tuesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Wednesday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +37 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +38 more 36 37 Thursday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Friday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +36 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +37 more 35 36 Saturday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 Sunday ANA, Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +35 more ANA, Aer Lingus, +36 more 34 35 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to San Francisco See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to San Francisco. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to San Francisco? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14216 reviews 90crew 78food 84comfort 87boarding 80entertainment 86overall Airline reviews Cons: "Flight was too crowded with customers only 4 feet apart during flight IN THE SAME ROW BUT NOT IN FRONT OR BEHIND YOU. Whats the point of social distancing when you have people directly behind you two feet away" Cons: "Flight was too crowded with customers only 4 feet apart during flight IN THE SAME ROW BUT NOT IN FRONT OR BEHIND YOU. Whats the point of social distancing when you have people directly behind you two feet away" Pros: "I liked getting off the plane" Cons: "A flight attendant was rude to me twice for no reason. It’s the first time this has ever happened wit SW" Cons: "The screeching noice from the broken speaker could have been fixed" Pros: "Flight was on time and arrived early. Crew knew what to do and made the flight run as smoothly as possible." Pros: "SW always does a great job working to get you to your destination on time." Cons: "The “close the doors 10 minutes before takeoff” policy seems like it needs to be updated." Cons: "Being delayed 3 hours without any hint of remorse or compensation by staff." Cons: "This plane was one of the older versions so it took longer to board because of the lack of overhead bin space and I felt that the seats were more cramped than normal." Cons: "Flight was delayed 35 minutes after push back and collected cups/drinks within 3 minutes of giving them out." Pros: "I forgot the guy's name buy one of the crew members was especially funny! Good snacks, comfy seats, solid entertainment." Pros: "I always like Southwest employees really love their job. The employees from gate agents to flight attendants were amazing. Good job and thank you for making our flight enjoyable!" Flight was cancelled, and we were stuck in LA for 36 hours. A crowded flight, everyone on the ground and in the air did their very best I don’t know if the flight attendant was having a bad day, but she could not have been any more sarcastic and rude. I am not sure if the script calls for announcing the snacks on board are pretzels, pretzels, pretzels, and if you ask, I’ll tell you we have pretzels, but that’s how she addressed people. Pros: "The crew was accommodating during the long delays boarding and deplaning:" Cons: "Delays were extremely long to the destination and upon arrival no gate was available for our plane which caused another long delay." Pros: "Crew was great" Cons: "My ticket should have automatically added my TSA precheck number as it's part of my profile. Was inconvenient to get back in line to get it added" Cons: "Everything was perfect, from taking off to landing, very smooth. Sweet cabin crew. Thank you for a safe flight" Pros: "The seat was nice." Cons: "Offered water or Orange juice in a can due to a short flight. I may recommend no canned orange juice, due to the quality ingredients and something more freshly squeezed for health benefits. And offers coffee or tea." Pros: "- In-flight entertainment screens (legacy Virgin America cabin) with several program choices - Comfortable seat with decent seat pitch - Helpful crew" Cons: "- Woefully inadequate seating at the gate (Alaska should have kept VA's Terminal 3 at LAX) - Flight was a little delayed due to late-arriving inbound flight" Pros: "Fine crew." Cons: "8:00 pm flight delayed until 10:55 pm. Boarded at 10:55 pm but didn't leave LAX until about 11:30-45 pm. Arrived at SFO ~12:30-1 AM but deplaned at ~2 am. A trip that should have taken 1.5-2 hours took 6+. I would like financial reimbursement for the trouble: late to work, missed a meeting, no sleep" Cons: "The stewardess bristled at my request to fill up my finger ale glass. And they just werent interested in general." Cons: "Two very sick people were allowed to fly and were not denied boarding during these times of Covid19. We actually had to taxi back to terminal to remove a very sick passenger. JetBlue #100 March 17, 2020 10:12 pm from Los Angeles to Fort Lauderdale." Pros: "Love the free WiFi. That was awesome and somewhat unexpected." Cons: "There was no coffee left on board when serving the second round - kind of hard to wake up from a 6 hour flight." Pros: "Facilities and amenities (WiFi, unlimited snacks, comfortable seat)" Cons: "Gate agents consistently telling paxs to SIT DOWN if their boarding group hasn’t been called yet." Pros: "Crew was nice and accommodating. Plenty of leg room in regular cabin. Good entertainment options.?" Pros: "It was my first experience & I couldn’t had enjoyed it more ! Words can’t explain" Cons: "Nothing everything was great" Cons: "Add Subtitles to the movies at list in English thanks Tzach" Pros: "Best food and entertainment availability" Cons: "When we arrived from hawaii to SFO airport we had to exit in order to get our tickets for our next flight (SFO to FLL) and we had to go through security again for this reason. No one around to help, we even called from one of the airport telephones but no one answered." Pros: "The flight was smooth, efficient and friendly crew. For a 5hr flight, the snacks were very sparse." Cons: "A full meal" Pros: "You can always count on JetBlue for good snacks and free WiFi." Cons: "But the snacks and free WiFi is not enough to payback the delayed departure experience. Just a week prior, my JetBlue flight was scheduled on time and then three things delayed thre flight for three hours right before we took off and now this! I was told it was due to needing to replace a crew member from another delayed flight. How can that affect so many people? The seat was also super uncomfortable and the back of the cushion was rolling forward, which made it hard to sit for that long. we also didn’t have a gate when we landed so that added on an extra 30minutes. Really disappointed." Pros: "The flight was comfortable enough once it got going after a 5-hour delay." Cons: "Flight from FLL to SFO was delayed by 5 hours due to a technical issue with the plane. Upon arrival I received an apology email from JetBlue and a flight voucher. However, I will also be filing a claim with the airfare app to seek reimbursement for the enourmous inconvenience this delay caused." I guess they don’t serve drinks on planes anymore Pros: "Crew was very friendly and took good care of the passengers" Pros: "The crew was communicative and courteous." Cons: "There was a flight delay in LAX due to a maintenance issue. The captain and crew informed us before we boarded the plane which was excellent. However, they could not figure out what was wrong with the planed and delayed the boarding for another 3 hours, putting our 1900 departure time to 2100." Pros: "Fast flight" Cons: "In one hour flight we could have some drinks and food. Snacks... can’t believe they don’t have any food/alcohol" Cons: "No delays. And have the terminal bridge in working order" Cons: "Delta delayed the flight from LAX to SLC, which subsequently made me miss the connecting flight from SLC to ORD. Completely unacceptable" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The three hour delay, the not having a pilot which delayed us even more, and then reduced service during the flight because they rushed us." Pros: "It is a busy travel day and this flight was unbelievably smooth. The entire crew was competent and friendly." Cons: "Sat on the runway for over an hour to get the gate. Unacceptable." Pros: "Short time and easy on and off boarding." Cons: "One stewardess was in a mood but otherwise a very pleasant flight." Pros: "decent comfort on board" Cons: "both flights delayed, some rude crew, and Avianca lost my luggage when I got to Medellin" Pros: "The movie selection for children and adults was fine. The peach juice was good too." Cons: "The food was absolutely the most disgusting plane food I’ve had. I mean, airplane meals aren’t ever really that great but this was particularly foul. Also they should really stock the seat pockets with the nausea bags especially with all the turbulence over the Andes." Pros: "The crew was accommodating" Cons: "The seats were uncomfortable and they changed my flight 3 times" Pros: "Great service gave my brother all the attention he needed" Pros: "The plane and it was in time. I could sleep" Cons: "A group of people including me, were waiting for our baggages for more than 30 minutes." Cons: "I paid $400 for the flight and $370 for my surfboards.... won’t fly them again." Pros: "Pretty much on time. Entertainment options were great. Clean enough." Cons: "Food was not very good. Extremely salty. Our family of 4 did not eat much of it." Pros: "The airplane and blankets were super comfortable. Most importantly the flight was on time." Pros: "They held the plane for late connection." Cons: "Food in Business Class was barely edible. A tired old plane." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to San Francisco found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 4/16tir. nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 30mLAX-SFO $37 Search 12/11man. nonstopJetBlue 1h 25mLAX-SFO $39 Search 12/15fre. nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 25mLAX-SFO $45 Search 1/21søn. nonstopDelta 1h 27mLAX-SFO $49 Search 12/24søn. nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 34mLAX-SFO $59 Search 12/15fre. nonstopDelta 1h 32mLAX-SFO $64 Search 2/28ons. 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 48mLAX-SFO $80 Search 1/22man. 1 stopSouthwest 6h 20mLAX-SFO $102 Search 1/22man. 2 stopsSouthwest 6h 25mLAX-SFO $107 Search 12/18man. nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 24mLAX-SFO $140 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAlaska AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited AirlinesSouthwest Search by price$40 or less$50 or less$60 or less$100 or less$140 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5tir. nonstopJetBlue 1h 19mLAX-SFO 12/12tir. nonstopJetBlue 1h 25mSFO-LAX $78 Search 12/5tir. nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 24mLAX-SFO 12/6ons. nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 32mSFO-LAX $88 Search 12/5tir. nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 25mLAX-SFO 12/5tir. nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 32mSFO-LAX $103 Search 12/1fre. nonstopJetBlue 1h 19mLAX-SFO 12/5tir. nonstopJetBlue 1h 29mSFO-LAX $108 Search 12/2lør. multi-stopAmerican Airlines 6h 13mLAX-SFO 12/5tir. nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 33mSFO-LAX $124 Search 12/1fre. multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 58mLAX-SFO 12/5tir. nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 33mSFO-LAX $134 Search 12/1fre. nonstopDelta 1h 26mLAX-SFO 12/3søn. nonstopDelta 1h 30mSFO-LAX $138 Search 12/2lør. nonstopDelta 1h 30mLAX-SFO 12/2lør. nonstopDelta 1h 30mSFO-LAX $193 Search 12/1fre. nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 29mLAX-SFO 12/6ons. multi-stopAlaska Airlines 3h 51mSFO-LAX $228 Search 12/2lør. nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 30mLAX-SFO 12/3søn. nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 33mSFO-LAX $234 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineJetBlueUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaAlaska Airlines Search by price$90 or less$110 or less$130 or less$190 or less$230 or less Los Angeles - San Francisco Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: San Francisco - Los Angeles Cabin classes: $389 First Class flights to San Francisco $284 Business Class flights to San Francisco $313 Prem Econ Class flights to San Francisco $69 Economy Class flights to San Francisco Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $78Flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » California » San Francisco $78Flights to San Francisco, San Francisco Compare transportation modes for Los Angeles to San Francisco Average price Average duration Flights $730 1h 19m Trains $106 0h 00m Buses $55 7h 28m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search San Francisco flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to San Francisco from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to San Francisco from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.