Cheap Flights from New York JFK to New Delhi from $321 | (JFK - DEL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JFK - DEL Find cheap flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi from $321 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/17. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to New Delhi These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to New Delhi. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to New Delhi. How much is the cheapest flight from John F Kennedy Intl to New Delhi?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from John F Kennedy Intl to New Delhi that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:30 pm - 11:40 amJFK-DEL 13h 40mnonstop 2:30 pm - 7:55 amDEL-JFK 26h 55m2 stops $587Air India Find Deal Sun, Apr 21 - Mon, May 20 11:40 am - 9:15 amJFK-DEL 36h 05m1 stop 2:30 pm - 7:55 amDEL-JFK 26h 55m2 stops $589Air India Find Deal Sun, Apr 21 - Mon, May 20 12:30 pm - 11:40 amJFK-DEL 13h 40mnonstop 10:15 am - 7:55 amDEL-JFK 31h 10m1 stop $594Air India Find Deal Sun, Apr 21 - Mon, May 20 11:00 am - 5:00 pmJFK-DEL 19h 30m1 stop 6:30 pm - 10:00 amDEL-JFK 25h 00m1 stop $685SAUDIA Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Tue, Mar 12 11:00 am - 5:00 pmJFK-DEL 19h 30m1 stop 6:30 pm - 10:00 amDEL-JFK 25h 00m1 stop $698SAUDIA Find Deal Wed, Feb 7 - Sat, Mar 16 11:25 am - 3:00 pmJFK-DEL 18h 05m1 stop 3:40 am - 10:30 pmDEL-JFK 28h 20m1 stop $709Qatar Airways Find Deal Sun, Mar 10 - Sat, Mar 30 1:25 am - 3:00 pmJFK-DEL 27h 05m1 stop 5:00 pm - 10:10 pmDEL-JFK 38h 40m1 stop $713Qatar Airways Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Tue, Mar 12 10:00 pm - 7:20 pmJFK-DEL 34h 50m1 stop 4:35 am - 3:55 pmDEL-JFK 21h 50m1 stop $742Etihad Airways Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Tue, Jan 30 10:00 pm - 7:20 pmJFK-DEL 34h 50m1 stop 8:55 pm - 3:55 pmDEL-JFK 29h 30m1 stop $743Etihad Airways Find Deal Tue, Jan 16 - Wed, Feb 7 5:00 pm - 1:25 amJFK-DEL 21h 55m1 stop 2:30 am - 2:25 pmDEL-JFK 22h 25m1 stop $796Kuwait Airways Find Deal Sun, Jan 21 - Sun, Feb 4 Show more results Flights from John F Kennedy Intl to New Delhi - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from John F Kennedy Intl to New Delhi to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to New Delhi? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to New Delhi, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to New Delhi is September, where tickets cost $746 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,608 and $1,438 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to New Delhi? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to New Delhi, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to New Delhi, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 82 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $587 on Air India, followed by SAUDIA ($685). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $355 on SAUDIA and from $366 on Qatar Airways. Which airlines fly non-stop between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and New Delhi? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to New Delhi. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to New Delhi. They are Air India and American Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is Air India, with the best one-way deal found costing $647. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Air India. How many flights are there between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and New Delhi per day? Each day, there are 2 nonstop flights that take off from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and land in New Delhi, with an average flight time of 14h 32m. The most common departure time is 7:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 14 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 2. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and New Delhi? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi take? The average nonstop flight takes 13h 40m, covering a distance of 7,299 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport at 12:30 pm and will be landing in New Delhi at 12:45 pm. What’s the latest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to New Delhi jets off at 7:45 pm and lands at 9:35 pm. Good to know Low season August High season February Cheapest flight $321 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 2% increase in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 10% lower on average. Flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi When to book flights from John F Kennedy Intl to New Delhi Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from John F Kennedy Intl to New Delhi based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi flights Which family services are offered at Indira Gandhi International Airport? DEL is a family-friendly airport with lots of services curated for the family. Nursing mothers get baby care facilities with cots, diaper changing stations, and toys in every terminal. There’s a children’s play area in Terminal 3, Food Court, and the international Departures Hall. For the older kids and the young at heart adults, there’s a gaming lounge in Terminal 3. Lastly, baby strollers are available for free at T1D, T2, and T3. Is it safe to bring an animal on a flight from New York to New Delhi? If you have made all the arrangements to travel with an animal, JFK is one of the best airports you can possibly depart from. This airport features the JFK Ark, a facility staffed by veterinarians and vet techs and designed to help ensure that animals are healthy, safe, and relatively calm before they board their flight. Does Indira Gandhi International Airport have an airport hotel? If you’re looking to get a hotel at the airport, book your stay at Holiday Inn Express New Delhi International Airport. The hotel is in Terminal 3, and you can access it from level 5. It is divided into two wings for domestic and international travel. If you’re only interested in getting some sleep at the airport, then visit Plaza Premium Lounge Transit Hotel, Sam’s Snooze at My Space, and Plaza Premium Lounge, all within airport grounds. Does John F. Kennedy International Airport provide facilities for traveling moms with infants? Yes. JFK has freestanding Mamava lactation pods throughout the airport. Each 4x8 unit has seating, a fold-down table, an electrical outlet, and more. Mamava pods are located in Terminals 1, 4, 5, 7, and 8. What are the transport options from Indira Gandhi International Airport? The Delhi Airport Metro Express is the easiest and most convenient way of getting downtown. These trains will take you from DEL to the New Delhi Metro Station. You can also take the buses operated by DTC, the main advantage being they are cheap. All buses depart outside Terminal 3. Taxis are also available outside Terminal 3, and you’re advised to take the metered taxis only. They are air-conditioned and have a GPS feature for fair pricing. If you wish to self-drive, visit the car rental station for your own wheels. Can I leave my luggage at Indira Gandhi International Airport? If you want to leave your luggage at DEL in case you want to shop or explore the city unencumbered, you can store your bags in the Left Luggage Room at the Metro Station in T3 for up to 30 days. You can pay an hourly fee for up to 8 hours or a set daily rate per bag, per day. You will need to show your valid passport. What are the most sustainable flights from New York to New Delhi? On average, around 3,031 kg of carbon is emitted on flights from New York to Delhi. However, there are more sustainable options offered by British Airways, Delta, and KLM. These airlines emit 34%, 33%, and 33% less carbon on flights from JFK to DEL, making them the greener option. What is the best way to get to John F. Kennedy International Airport from Manhattan if I am running late? If you are in a rush, the best way to get from downtown Manhattan to JFK is to take a taxi. You will be charged a set rate to the airport as well as an extra fee based on the time of day. You also must tip the driver. The taxi ride will cost somewhere between $70 - $100. Does John F. Kennedy International Airport offer a private lounge for the military? Yes. JFK has a USO Lounge that offers active-duty personnel of the US military and their family members a relaxing place to enjoy refreshments, connectivity devices, entertainment devices, a library, a play area for kids, and local information, free of charge. The USO is located landside in Terminal 5 at the baggage claim. Can I take a shower at Indira Gandhi International Airport before I head out into the city? Yes. For a fee, you can take advantage of the showers in the arrivals area of Terminal 3. Or you can access the Plaza Premium Lounge for a fee in International Arrivals in T3. This lounge features private day rooms with a shower that you can rent for a minimum of 3 hours. Do I need a passport to fly between New York John F Kennedy Airport and New Delhi? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in New York John F Kennedy Airport and on arrival in New Delhi. Which airports will I be using when flying from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi? When flying out of New York John F Kennedy Airport you will be using New York John F Kennedy Intl. You will be landing at New Delhi, also known as New Delhi Indira Gandhi Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi flight route: American Airlines, British Airways, Qatar Airways, Jazz, JetBlue, Etihad Airways, Lufthansa, Egypt Air, and EL AL. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and New Delhi, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi? There are nonstop flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to New Delhi, Qatar Airways or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to New Delhi are Qatar Airways and Delta. With an average price for the route of $1,113 and an overall rating of 8.2, Qatar Airways is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $752 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to New Delhi from New York John F Kennedy Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to New Delhi with an airline and back to New York John F Kennedy Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and DEL can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to New Delhi? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to New Delhi from New York John F Kennedy Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from JFK to New Delhi Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $476 or less one-way and $1,086 or less round-trip. John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) is a massive international hub divided into six terminals. Each terminal is big, so expect a lot of walking. However, the airport has provided the AirTrain, which connects all six terminals and other parts of the airport complex landside for easy access. For passengers who want to pray, meditate, or decompress as soon as you land at Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL) in New Delhi, you can take advantage of one of the prayer rooms, which have been separated into male and female areas. The prayer rooms in Terminal 1 and T3 are located airside, and the prayer room in T2 is near the security checkpoint. If you’re just arriving at Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL) and need help planning a last-minute trip, you’ll find several travel agencies at Terminal 3. Akbar Travels and Taj India operate from Terminal 3, while Make My Trip operates from Terminal 1. If you want to rent a car at DEL, the agency Carzonrent is on site and offers both self-drive rental cars or rental cars with a driver. You can also rent a limousine driven by a chauffeur. DEL is an accessible airport, and the airport has ramps and lifts for step-free access, with elevators having braille for the visually impaired. They also have fast lanes for the physically challenged, and besides the complimentary services provided by airlines, they also have Kruz, a motorized wheelchair for traveling through the airport. If you are traveling with children and have time before your flight to New Delhi, consider visiting the indoor playground with an aviation theme in Terminal 5 at the New York John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK). Sponsored by JetBlue, this play space can engage and exhaust kids as the whole family waits for their flight. You’re welcome to stock up on tax-free goods at the duty-free shops at DEL. You’ll find several duty-free shops at Terminal 3 in the international departures and arrivals sections. Pets are welcome to travel through JFK. However, ensure that your pet remains within its carrier as it travels through the airport. The only time pets are allowed outside is when using relief areas or walking through security. The airport has relief areas in all terminals; indoor areas are airside and outdoor areas are landside. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York John F Kennedy Intl to New Delhi Indira Gandhi Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from John F Kennedy Intl to Indira Gandhi Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York John F Kennedy Intl to New Delhi Indira Gandhi Intl Search Flights Monday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines Tuesday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines Wednesday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines Thursday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines Friday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines Saturday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines Sunday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines See more direct flights Nonstop returns New Delhi Indira Gandhi Intl to New York John F Kennedy Intl Search Flights Monday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines Tuesday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines Wednesday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines Thursday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines Friday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines Saturday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines Sunday Air India, American Airlines Air India, American Airlines See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from John F Kennedy Intl to New Delhi See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to New Delhi. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from John F Kennedy Intl to New Delhi? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 88overall 89boarding 90crew 85entertainment 86comfort 84food Airline reviews Pros: "Just excellent. Excellent crew, excellent food, excellent aircraft, and excellent leg room. No recommendations."Read more about Japan Airlines Pros: "Just excellent. Excellent crew, excellent food, excellent aircraft, and excellent leg room. No recommendations." Cons: "Business class seats not very long if you are tall. Western meal option is not really very western. Crew is a little too efficient- got woken up 90 minutes before landing to clear the mattresses. Lots of announcements- a bit too much. On time, and quick to respond to requests. Sake was good as was the ramen." Cons: "Very good airline except for the fact that the staff at Narita airport." Cons: "PA announcements could have been louder. I also had difficulty understanding when I could hear the English words." Pros: "Two choices of meal, friendlier staff, better head cushion. Props to JAL." Pros: "I loved the Haagen daz ice cream. Loved that they have USB ports." Cons: "Portions of food is small. Entertainment selection could be better organized; ie comedy tv shows, drama tv shows, Japanese tv shows." Pros: "Food was great" Cons: "It’s 14h flight. I wanted more water. I had to keep asking but the size was too small... I didn’t want orange or apple juice...." Pros: "Kind people, quality service. Very helpful. On time." Cons: "Had trouble hearing instructions from flight crew since volume of the speakers was low." Pros: "While many other airlines are cutting down on their service quality and amount of food on their flights, Japan Airlines has done the reverse: offer excellent food and great service at every tier, including economy. We took a flight from NY to Tokyo and felt like it was one of the best long haul flights we have taken." Pros: "I was fed two meals and snacks/drinks in between for a 14 hour flight. Love the little TV in front of the seat and the blanket and pillow. Crew was very sweet. Overall positive and good first international flight. Would choose Japan Airlines again! <3" Cons: "Only a little hard to sleep upright in economy class seat. I wasn't able to fall fully asleep." Pros: "The crew was amazing. Food was great. Clean bathrooms. Great entertainment." Cons: "We had our passports and boarding passes checked five times in the course of 2 minutes by five different people one after the next. My cabin luggage was searched right before boarding. I appreciate the need for security, but that was excessive and unnecessary. In the peak of the Corona virus craze, the security made all passengers take off shoes and walk without any protection. This is not Qatar Airways doing - New York JFK security B S, but I am sure airways companies have some say to change it." Pros: "Crew did a great job keeping the long 11hour flight manageable!" Pros: "The crew was amazing" Cons: "The tv didn’t work throughout the whole flight. Very uncomfortable seats" Pros: "The crew provide good service but personally i did not like the food that could be lot better." Cons: "Extraordinarily care taken On board. Very impressed with Qutar Airways. Excellent" Pros: "Crew was excellent" Cons: "Boarding at JFK is very bad. They do not know the meaning of priority. Food from JFK to Doha pretty bad." Pros: "Everything" Cons: "WC size (too small) and location. Other airlines such as Lufthansa (NYC - Munich) do way better job in this category ( I believe Lufthansa aircraft was either A330 or 340)" Pros: "Legroom was great Staff were great Bathrooms were very clean and cleaned often in the flight" Pros: "Excellent meals. Pleasant cabin crew. Good inflight entertainment system and choices. Concerned about short connection in Doha but no problems. Good signage." Cons: "No complaints." Pros: "Best business class I have ever been on. Better than most First class." Cons: "Tightly packed seats made for discomfort. My knees were touching the seat in front of me." Cons: "A Boeing 757 should not be used for a 6+ hour flight" Pros: "The entire crew was amazing they were professional friendly and accommodating" Cons: "I checked two bags and paid for them. The flight was full. I dutifully got in line for zone two. Next thing you know, at least 25 people got to board early and have free bag check. Really? I should get $35 dollar refund." Cons: "The flight from. JFK to Barcelona was delayed as well. Their computers were down in Atlanta. So everyone had to have their name hand typed into a computer when boarding. Then the pilot said that our bags are usually weighed and computerized for even distribution on the plane. That system was also down, so we sat on the runway waiting for that problem to be fixed. When we arrived at Barcelona, I unpacked and discovered a jacket and pants in my luggage were wet. The only place that could have happened was at JfK during their rain storm and the luggage weight issue." Cons: "My friend and I was switched to an even worse seating when boarding. Very uncomfortable especially for my friend since he had crutches." Pros: "Crew was ok" Cons: "Plane boarded late, took off late, arrived late. Boarding was confusing and slow." Pros: "Food was amazing tasted and seasoned well. Not bland, really good salad and chicken." Cons: "Delay. (liked kayak delay updates tho!) crew not very attending and it looked like they didnt care. In order to keep folks busy because of the delay. They gave out immigration and customs papers out, but refused to give pen. I literally didn't had one and answer from the crew was like that. " Excuse me do you have a pen by any chance?" . "NO! I dont! asked them" pointing out to other crew members, -this is the best part- the female stewardess had clearly visibly a pen in her front shirt pocket! Sitting around and trying to kill time and no pen still. While busy with food and other stuff, i fell asleep. Then after a while when going to the restroom i asked the male steward if he would have a pen please, he pointed out they dont have any pens. ( please note he marked on his check board, who is getting which meal on the first class)" Cons: "Some of the flight attendants were rude and not very welcoming at all." Pros: "The staff is very friendly. Most pleasant airline I've flown with." Pros: "The crew were great! The seats are not that comfortable, it happened that I had 3 seats raw for myself but the armrests were not going up so I could not utilize them and lie down to sleep." Pros: "Food was great, movie selection too. Everything was great except for I couldn’t really get comfortable to sleep" Cons: "Not sure how to make the seats more comfortable. I have some back issues though. However, some of my travel companions slept right through the flight." Cons: "When its rain we shouldn’t walk to the air plain" Pros: "Crew great, boarding at Nice very organised, boarding in Amsterdam not so organised!" Cons: "A queuing system would be better-it was a bit disorganised at Amsterdam!" Pros: "The crew is really welcoming" Cons: "The seats are too narrow and a bit too hard" Pros: "Like the overall KLM experience" Cons: "Food could have had better quality and the stewardess served it all at once versus in the various courses." Cons: "Inflight was better than I expected. But needs upgrading air crafts." Pros: "Friendly staff, great service on board. Way better value and service compared to the tacky Irish competition flying the route. Delta all the way" Pros: "Crew's hospitality, good music, good destination material, terminal info, good system overall" Cons: "Less legroom, storage space, bad food, few movie options." Cons: "None of our 4 checked bags arrived with us. This was despite ample connection time (2+ hours) in Amsterdam." Pros: "Very friendly, helpful and communicative crew." Cons: "Only complaint: the touch screen on the seat back was oddly unresponsive and this made it a bit difficult to interface with the various in-flight entertainment options; the streaming music in particular." Pros: "Great crew. I love Lufthansa. I just wish there was more room for my legs." Cons: "More leg room!" Pros: "crew wasn't friendly, seats are very narrow and uncomfortable" Cons: "FOOD WAS DISGUSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Cons: "The Soviet Union wants its airline back. This was perhaps the RUDEST airline experience I've ever experienced. I was at Frankfurt (FRA) airport waiting to board Air Moldova Flight 864 to Chisinau (KIV). Due to a delay caused by Frankfurt security (and no fault of my own), I was delayed in reaching the gate. Since it was past my boarding time, I grabbed my bags from the conveyor belt once past security without having time to repack. I arrived at the gate and the extremely rude Air Moldova gate agent on duty yelled at me and demanded that I give her my boarding pass. When I told her I needed to pack, she yelled that there was “no time for that”. When I searched for my pass, she again yelled and said “NOW!”. When I told her that it was not my fault that I arrived late since there was a delay at security, she said “Not my problem!”. After she checked my boarding pass, I tried to repack and she again yelled “There is no time. Go to the bus NOW!” I once again told her that it was not my fault I got delayed and she again yelled “NOT MY PROBLEM”. In addition to rude employees, the airline is clearly in violation of safety regulations. The safety card in the back seat pocket was written in ARMENIAN – and Armenian only, thanks to the plane having been leased and Air Moldova not appropriately changing the safety cards. How did they expect people who read Romanian or Russian (the local languages) or English to understand it! On top of that, the plane was easily 20 years old or more and dirty. If they can't even keep a plane clean or have the appropriate safety cards, what else are they not maintaining. Do not fly this terrible airline!" Pros: "The flight was smooth and the flight attendants were very polite and helpful. It was a great experience" Cons: "The bathroom was a bit smelly" Pros: "Crew was pleasant." Cons: "Premium economy upgrade not worth the price! Wheelchair service ordered but NOT provided In Frankfort!" Pros: "It could be better, the flight attendance one of them was overwhelmed and I could feel her attitude, although she made an accidental movement on my foot she never apologized. And her eye contact was very aggressive as if she would use words. I tried to save the moment, and avoided all further interactions. Not even to look at her, or accept even a single glass of water. She did past through my area and again she was stocked with her cart, and she thought is was my foot again. When she realized that this time was not my foot, (which in the first time it was and she kicked my knee with the speed of her movement and I was not aware to save the moment) nevertheless, the second time and for the rest of my trip I was so careful that it did not happen again. But it happened one more time, but not with my foot. although she thought it was me. She looked at me again with a very bitter-eye but when she realized that the problem was not me she looked at another way acting as if she didnot understand what was going through her mind or my mind." Cons: "The attidute is what I try not to get involved. I am on the air, traveling, and I don't like to experience any negative feelings from no one. I am consciously aware not to give any reasons for any form of unacceptable behaviors either with or without evidence. I WILL NOT EVER AGAIN, travel with LUFTHANSA just because of the way they treated me in my case which I travel always with my emotional pet, and this time they gave me a hardship and I had to travel without Logan. and additionally to this, I had to accept that flight attendance wordless aggressive behavior. Which in my opinion, I believe she could say I am sorry, and not looking at me as her worse enemy. Madness. She honestly needs a psychological evaluation." Cons: "During the main meal many many passengers had no option for the main dish.. Only vegetarian dish! Many passengers didn't eat." Pros: "Had a very comfortable journey. Nice and friendly crew. Amenities at Frankfurt were excellent." Pros: "Everything was on time, the flight crew was unbelievably friendly, and the flight was empty which made it comfortable and very relaxing!! Highly recommend." Japan Airlines8.7 Qatar Airways8.2 Delta7.9 KLM7.8 Lufthansa7.8 Book cheap flights from New York to New Delhi Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to New Delhi found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/17Wed 3 stops 53h 20mJFK-DEL $321 Search 1/27Sat 3 stops 53h 20mJFK-DEL $338 Search 2/25Sun nonstopAir India 13h 45mJFK-DEL $420 Search 2/25Sun 2 stopsAir India 37h 45mJFK-DEL $422 Search 2/7Wed 2 stopsDelta 23h 18mJFK-DEL $473 Search 1/14Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 15h 20mJFK-DEL $476 Search 1/14Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 15h 20mJFK-DEL $477 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopDelta 25h 10mJFK-DEL $481 Search 1/3Wed 1 stopKuwait Airways 21h 55mJFK-DEL $496 Search 1/3Wed 1 stopKuwait Airways 21h 55mJFK-DEL $513 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAir IndiaDeltaAmerican AirlinesKuwait Airways Search by price$340 or less$420 or less$480 or less$480 or less$510 or less Last minute flights from John F Kennedy Intl to New Delhi Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to New Delhi that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/2Sat multi-stopQatar Airways 19h 10mJFK-DEL 3/19Tue multi-stopQatar Airways 21h 45mDEL-JFK $791 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopQatar Airways 19h 10mJFK-DEL 3/15Fri multi-stopQatar Airways 21h 45mDEL-JFK $824 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEmirates 24h 05mJFK-DEL 3/5Tue multi-stopEmirates 32h 10mDEL-JFK $905 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopEmirates 23h 25mJFK-DEL 3/21Thu multi-stopEmirates 48h 15mDEL-JFK $934 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopKuwait Airways 21h 55mJFK-DEL 4/1Mon multi-stopKuwait Airways 21h 30mDEL-JFK $996 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopKuwait Airways 21h 55mJFK-DEL 2/27Tue multi-stopKuwait Airways 22h 25mDEL-JFK $997 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopEtihad Airways 34h 50mJFK-DEL 12/16Sat multi-stopEtihad Airways 21h 50mDEL-JFK $1,054 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopEtihad Airways 34h 50mJFK-DEL 12/13Wed multi-stopEtihad Airways 29h 30mDEL-JFK $1,097 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 15h 20mJFK-DEL 12/9Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 16h 55mDEL-JFK $1,099 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 15h 20mJFK-DEL 12/8Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 16h 55mDEL-JFK $1,103 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineQatar AirwaysEmiratesKuwait AirwaysEtihad AirwaysAmerican Airlines Search by price$820 or less$930 or less$1,000 or less$1,100 or less$1,100 or less New York John F Kennedy Airport - New Delhi Flights Departure: New York John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)United States Destination: New Delhi (DEL)India Return flight deals: New Delhi - New York John F Kennedy Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to New Delhi $476 Business Class flights to New Delhi $1,958 Prem Econ Class flights to New Delhi $830 Economy Class flights to New Delhi Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York John F Kennedy Airport $578Flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to New Delhi Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » India » New Delhi $578Flights to New Delhi, New Delhi Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search New Delhi flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to New Delhi from New York John F Kennedy Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to New Delhi from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.