Cheap Flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor to Denver from $29 | (PHX - DEN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW PHX - DEN Find cheap flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/11. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Denver These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Phoenix to Denver, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Phoenix to Denver, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Sky Harbor Intl to Denver?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Sky Harbor Intl to Denver that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 1:20 pm - 3:16 pmPHX-DEN 1h 56mnonstop 10:29 pm - 12:31 amDEN-PHX 2h 02mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Tue, Jan 16 8:05 pm - 10:04 pmPHX-DEN 1h 59mnonstop 12:53 pm - 3:00 pmDEN-PHX 2h 07mnonstop $48Frontier Find Deal Wed, Jan 31 - Mon, Feb 5 8:55 am - 10:47 amPHX-DEN 1h 52mnonstop 10:12 am - 12:17 pmDEN-PHX 2h 05mnonstop $53Frontier Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 10:57 pm - 12:49 amPHX-DEN 1h 52mnonstop 9:34 pm - 11:41 pmDEN-PHX 2h 07mnonstop $57Frontier Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Wed, Dec 20 11:03 pm - 12:55 amPHX-DEN 1h 52mnonstop 10:48 pm - 11:42 amDEN-PHX 12h 54m1 stop $69 Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Sun, Dec 17 10:57 pm - 12:49 amPHX-DEN 1h 52mnonstop 7:00 am - 11:42 amDEN-PHX 4h 42m1 stop $72 Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Mon, Dec 18 12:32 pm - 5:56 pmPHX-DEN 5h 24m1 stop 10:48 pm - 1:45 pmDEN-PHX 14h 57m1 stop $101Spirit Airlines Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Mon, Dec 18 9:40 am - 8:02 pmPHX-DEN 10h 22m1 stop 10:51 pm - 8:47 amDEN-PHX 9h 56m1 stop $103Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Wed, Dec 20 6:31 am - 11:48 amPHX-DEN 5h 17m1 stop 5:20 am - 10:05 amDEN-PHX 4h 45m1 stop $223Delta Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Tue, Dec 19 8:00 am - 5:58 pmPHX-DEN 9h 58m2 stops 3:50 pm - 10:44 pmDEN-PHX 6h 54m1 stop $230United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Fri, Jan 19 Show more results Flights from Sky Harbor Intl to Denver - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Sky Harbor Intl to Denver to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Denver? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Denver is January, where tickets cost $89 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are March and November, where the average cost of tickets is $244 and $198 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Denver? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Denver, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 81 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Denver from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport were found on Frontier ($29) and Spirit Airlines ($46), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Frontier ($38) and Spirit Airlines ($101). Which airlines fly most frequently between Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport and Denver? In normal times, Southwest flies from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver up to 11 times per day, United Airlines up to 4 times per day, and Frontier up to 3 times per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport and Denver? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Denver. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Denver. They are: American Airlines, Frontier, Southwest and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $48 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport and Denver per day? Each day, there are between 14 and 26 nonstop flights that take off from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport and land in Denver, with an average flight time of 1h 48m. The most common departure time is 7:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 147 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport and Denver? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver take? Nonstop flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport generally make it to Denver in 1h 45m. The flying distance between the two cities is 601 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport at 1:31 am and will be landing in Denver at 3:19 am. What’s the latest departure time from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Denver jets off at 11:19 pm and lands at 1:11 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 44% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 6% increase in price. Flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver When to book flights from Sky Harbor Intl to Denver Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Sky Harbor Intl to Denver based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver flights Which transport options are available when connecting from Denver International Airport? Upon landing at DEN, RTD's A Line and SkyRide bus service are the reliable and affordable transport options you can consider to get out of the airport. These buses take about 25 minutes to connect from the airport to the Denver city center. How can I catch up with the earliest fight from Phoenix to Denver? Staying in one of the hotels near Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport enhances your ease of catching up with the earliest flight to Denver from Phoenix. Hilton Phoenix Airport, which is not only closer to the airport but also offers free airport shuttles, is one of the hotels you should consider in this case. Where can I rent a car upon landing at Denver International Airport? Travelers from Phoenix arriving at DEN will enjoy a hassle-free process of renting a car if they want to enjoy self-drive from the airport. The rental car center located on the airport property houses more than ten major rental car companies. How convenient is it to land at Denver International Airport late at night? Yes. Although DEN does not have designated rooms for sleeping, there are comfortable seats and spacious throughout the airport where you can relax and sleep if you land late at night. In addition to this, you can also connect to nearby hotels, such as Baymont by Wyndham Denver International Airport. The airport offers free 24-hour operational airport shuttles. Which airlines should I consider booking when flying from Phoenix to Denver with kids? Among the airlines flying from Phoenix to Denver, United Airlines stands as a suitable option for those traveling with kids. The airlines provide priority boarding for those accompanied by their young ones. Additionally, you will travel comfortably in the spacious seats coupled with extra legroom. Which nearby cities can I get to from Denver International Airport? Apart from serving as the gateway to Denver, Denver International Airport also serves a number of nearby cities. Some of the cities you can easily get to from DEN include Boulder, Englewood, and Greenwood Village. Rental cars provide a convenient transport option from the airport to these cities. What’s the best way to travel from Denver International Airport? A taxi or rideshare will get you to the city in about 30min. There’s also a shuttle service to and from the airport, and more than 10 rental car companies serve travelers in Colorado, even those moving out of Denver. Are there nonstop flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport to Denver? Several airlines fly from Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport to Denver nonstop. You can use Southwest Airlines, United Airlines, and Air Canada. These have the most frequent flights between Phoenix and Denver, offering the fastest way to travel between the two cities. Does Denver International Airport offer services for families? The Denver International Airport offers services convenient for traveling families, including pet relief areas, children’s play areas, private nursing rooms, family restrooms in each concourse, and medical services, such as defibrillators for cardiac emergencies, which you can find in each concourse and the Jeppesen Terminal. Are there on-site lounges at the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport? There are several lounges you can use while at the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport. These include the Escape Lounge on Terminal 4, which offers showers, WiFi, snacks, premium foods, drinks, flight monitors, and more. You can also visit the Centurion Lounge, which offers TV, snacks, printers and copiers, WiFi, and other services. Does Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport have a museum? Yes, passengers can explore the Phoenix Airport Museum, which hosts exhibitions, an art collection, and aviation history. The museum is open 24 hours daily, and you can view art collections that date as far back as the 1960s. Do I need a passport to fly between Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport and Denver? A passport is not required to fly from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver. Which airports will I be using when flying from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver? Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport and Denver are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl and will be arriving at Denver Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver? American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, JetBlue, Delta, and Air Canada offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver? The Boeing 737-800 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport and Denver, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver? There are nonstop flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Phoenix to Denver, Delta or American Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Phoenix to Denver are Delta and American Airlines. With an average price for the route of $276 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. American Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $240 and an overall rating of 7.2. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Denver from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Denver with an airline and back to Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport with another airline. Booking your flights between Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport and DEN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Denver? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Denver from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from PHX to Denver Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $80 or less one-way and $121 or less round-trip. Flights from Phoenix to Denver depart from Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX) or Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport (AZA). The benefit of departing from PHX is its easier accessibility, facilitated by its central location in Phoenix and the availability of a variety of transport options. On the other hand, departing from AZA offers the benefit of enhanced convenience, thanks to the shorter queues at various security checkpoints. When connecting from downtown Phoenix to Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport, you have the option of using light rail or buses operated by Valley Metro. Bus lines 1 and 44 offer direct connections from downtown to PHX. In addition to these, you can also make use of taxis, which are more expensive than buses, but take a shorter time to arrive at the airport. Since Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport serves as a hub for American Airlines, booking this carrier comes with a number of benefits, the key among them being access to world-class lounge amenities. In addition to these, this airline has a high frequency of daily flights to Denver, which makes it possible for you to get a flight that is convenient to your schedule. There are two major airports that serve Phoenix, Arizona: the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX) and the Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport (AZA). If you’re flying from central Phoenix, the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport offers the closest option at just 5.8 miles away. The Phoenix Sky Harbor is the primary airport, served by major airlines with international and domestic flights. Both airports offer public transport and car rental services to help you access the city and other nearby destinations such as Glendale, Tempe, Mesa, and Scottsdale. For your arrival in Denver, Colorado, you can use the Denver International Airport (DEN), which serves the Front Range Urban Corridor and the city of Denver. If you’re traveling to points like Fort Collins, the scheduled bus service offers a convenient means of transport to nearby towns or cities. People traveling to Downtown Denver for business or work can use the A-Line, a rail transit corridor that connects between the Denver International Airport and Downtown Denver. It also serves adjacent neighborhoods, employment centers, and development areas in Aurora and Denver. The Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport has a deal with Uber, so you can order the service on the company’s smartphone app if you want to travel to or from the airport. To avoid delays at security checkpoints, arrive at the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport about 2 hours before the flight to familiarize yourself with the airport's operations. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl to Denver Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Sky Harbor Intl to Denver Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl to Denver Intl Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Thursday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Friday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Saturday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Sunday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Denver Intl to Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Search Flights Monday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Tuesday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Wednesday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Thursday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Friday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Saturday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 Sunday Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, +5 more Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, +6 more 4 5 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Sky Harbor Intl to Denver See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Phoenix to Denver. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Sky Harbor Intl to Denver? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.4 SouthwestOverall score based on 14219 reviews 90crew 78food 86overall 80entertainment 84comfort 87boarding Airline reviews Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Be on time. Be honest about the delay. Get out luggage out in a timely manner!! B" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Be on time. Be honest about the delay. Get out luggage out in a timely manner!! B" Pros: "Check in was great" Cons: "There was a women on the flight with a dog. She went down the isle and was letting children pet it. I felt this lwas dangerous, as you never know what a child or dog are going to do. I had a nurse sitting next to me and she said you can’t believe how many children are bit by dogs who have no history. The crew did nothing to stop this" Pros: "Crew was nice, food we had cookies and inflight beverages." Pros: "Boarding process went very smoothly. Flight was on time when many others at the same airport were not. Capitan keep us informed well. Baggage came up very quickly in Denver." Cons: "Plane comfort was okay but should be better. Need to review newer seats." Pros: "Gate staff was great!" Cons: "10 mins late for "paperwork". Flight crew was late getting to the plane in the first place." Pros: "Holding the flight to get on and allowing my bags to make the connection." Cons: "The TSA check at the gate was very unnerving. Not fun to run through the airport to make my connecting flight." Pros: "I was traveling with my son and they allowed me to board, family boarding." Cons: "There was absolutely no entertainment on board and was not able to plug into the Wi-Fi either." Pros: "It was dark!" Cons: "Crew boarding was atrocious! Something happened that a FA crew was short one so another had to be called it. And it took quite a while for the gate attendant to let us know! One of the not so good Southwest flights we’ve be on!" Pros: "Crew was very helpful. The seats were tight however. No room." Pros: "The crew was nice and friendly. They came around multiple times offering us drinks." Pros: "The crew was amazing and the flight was enjoyable" Cons: "I could have stayed in Arizona instead if of flying back to rainy Seattle" Pros: "Aircraft was clean and comfortable. Crew was efficient and friendly. The whole experience was excellent!" Cons: "There was lots of entertainment available but plain old music was not an option. What if I don't want to watch a movie or TV, just listen to music!" Cons: "The seat assignment for people who did not one assigned. Last minute." Cons: "No seat choice before flight unless I wanted to upgrade. Flight was delayed twice before boarding without any reason given - I was only looking at the information on the app" Cons: "Paying an extra 200.00 dollar to keep my flight because your booking system failed to make my reservation with my airline." Pros: "All staff were professional and efficient. I liked how fast it was getting my bag checked." Cons: "Didn't care for the net pockets on seat in front of me, my stuff fell out. Guy next to me was really rude and kept bumping me and talking really loud." Pros: "The flight attendants were friendly and professional and took time for a little personal conversation." Pros: "Management as well as staff nice...First trip with Alaska and made my trip nice .. Got a good deal price too." Cons: "Nothing." Cons: "My entire checked bag was full of my tattoo equipment which is my livelihood. Most of my equipment was destroyed and now I have to spend money to replace it all ASAP or I can’t work! I’m more than upset!" Cons: "i wish Alaska would fly straight to Denver from Montana. I fly from Montana to Denver a lot and it ends up being a whole day of travel instead of a couple hour flight." Cons: "The snacks were good, but they should have offered some drink selections." Pros: "Delta is doing a great job keeping everything calm and clean during this pandemic!" Cons: "Wouldn’t change a thing! I don’t always fly! But when I do!! I fly delta!!" Pros: "The staff at Delta are always friendly and helpful and they were able to squeeze me onto a very full flight." Cons: "My flight was delayed almost 3 hours. Not good. Once in the air it was fine." Pros: "Pilot was super nice and informative when the flight was delayed." Pros: "The flight was smooth and the crew was very professional" Cons: "Have wifi available" Pros: "Crew was good." Cons: "N/A. No food was served due to turbulence which is uncontrollable." Pros: "The crew on the airplane was great. We had 2.5 hours turbulences but the crew started to give out drinks as soon they got the ok from the pilot" Cons: "We went in LGA to the Baggage drop off and the employee there was super rude. On the flight to New York with Delta we had to check our carry ons at the gate because it wasn't enough room for bags in the airplane.so we asked when we checked our one suitcase if we can/should check our carry ons to avoid having to do it at the gate. The delta employee told me sure no problem. He checks in my one suitcase I purchased gives me the tracking paper and says ok have a good flight. I asked him so what is with our carry ons and he told us that that would cost 25$ and we can't check those in at the drop off?!?We ended up taking the carry ons with to the gate and then off course there wasn't enough room on the airplane that we had to check it in. And surprise it was free?? We had never issues with Lufthansa, icelandair etc. with checking our bags at drop off to not needing to carry it around and than still end up to check it at the airplane. Every airline has been more than happy that we volunteer to check our bags that they don't have the trouble at the gate." Pros: "We boarded close to on time, no hassles. Allowed my husband and me (retired military) to board early, thank you." Cons: "LAX security is awful. We never left the airport (arrived LAX from Sydney AU) yet were forced thru security again. Had to remove shoes, was scanned and "frisked" by TSA to get to Denver. To go to Australia, Denver TSA waived the removal of shoes, skipped the scan for the metal detector and no one touched me, ditto for LAX on the trip to Sydney. Where's the uniformity or standards for TSA?? Why did I have to be subjected to this garbage on the way home?? This is why I despise flying. It makes no sense to me. This ruined what was a great vacation." Pros: "Check in was fast, didnt interact with any staff! It was great." Pros: "Everything was well executed; friendly staff, clean plane, good entertainment options" Pros: "Both of my flights boarded and left a little early. This is so rare and minimizes stress." Cons: "There were no snacks available" Pros: "Nice staff and plane. Loved the USB outlets for every seat." Cons: "Boarding time was slightly late" Pros: "Portland, Oregon agent customer service" Cons: "This weekend has been an awesome spending time with my Arizona family..... but my experience at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport is DEFINITELY NOT "America's Friendliest Airport" as they like to advertise throughout the airport! When I went to check in with the exact same airline that the 7 of us flew out on, Sun Country Airlines, I was told that my bag was suddenly 9 pounds heavier than when we left.... even though my bag was packed EXACTLY the same and nothing had been added. As we were finishing up paying, a random lady from the ticket counter stopped me and in a very snobby and aggressive way told me I needed to check an additional bag. I was BEYOND CONFUSED because this bag was considered a FREE "personal item" when we left Portland and now I'm being forced to pay an extra $40 dollars. She then started talking to me VERY aggressively and belittling me as if I couldn't afford the extra charges. That was not the problem! I wanted an explanation as to why the policies are suddenly different just 72 hours later? After I re-ran my card and paid the additional charge, we start to leave again, AND THE SAME GIRL tells me I need to check ANOTHER BAG that was considered a "carry on" when we left Portland. She was starring at my family, our belongings, not listening to what I had to say and continuing to harass us, while demanding I pay more money, without answering any of my questions! I spent $120 to check our bags just to get back home- $75 more than when we left! I asked for her badge number to reference my conversation with her when I call and speak to her manager and she refused to give it to me! Her body language was defensive, unapproachable and snobby- rolling her eyes multiple times.I was able to see read her name on her badge before she flipped it over, "Mika" who happens to be based out of Portland International Airport but working out of Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport today, December 10th. Sun Country Airlines advertised themselves as "travel convenient and trouble free for all passengers"...... WHAT A JOKE! I will NEVER fly on this airline or recommend them to anybody ever in my life! This has been the WORST TRAVEL EXPERIENCE AND CUSTOMER SERVICE in my life. #DoubleWhamy #SunCountryAirlines #SkyHarborInternationalAirport #AmericasWorstService #DontFlySunCountry #NotFamilyFriendly" Pros: "Everything" Cons: "I didn’t get an email the day before to check in?" Pros: "We left on time. Boarding was quick. Air travel was mostly smooth. We arrived a bit early." Cons: "No gate agent available when we landed. Baggage took too long to unload. Only water offered during flight. We could only check in after 9pm for our midnight flight." Cons: "Having to pay for carry-on luggage! I have a CPAP and have to carry it on. NOT cool Sun Country. Your cheap fare just went off the chart." Pros: "The flight was on time and comfortable. Crew were great and nice." Pros: "Non stop flights the only plus" Cons: "Boarding staff was totally rude and unprofessional I will never fly sun county again!" Cons: "Nothing--everything was great--perhaps the best service I've ever received." Cons: "There are too many announcements on the screen before you can start watching entertainment. It takes about 15 minutes." Cons: "Short flight, would have appreciated if when asking for pretzels the flaggt attendant didn't hand me the spare bag of his pockets." Pros: "Good entertainment choices." Cons: "Uncomfortable seat with insufficient legroom wouldn't recline. Inadequate overhead storage (full flight)" Cons: "Only pretzels, came eat refined flour, nuts or something else would be great." Pros: "Even on a full flight, there was enough overhead storage" Cons: "Pretzels were lame" Cons: "I paid extra for an emergency exit seat. The seats in the row were visibly different from ones nearby -- the seat padding was gone (felt like I was sitting on a board) and the seat bottoms slanted down producing a feeling of sliding out of the seat." Pros: "Crew was great" Cons: "Absolutely no accommodation for seat assignments and the lady at the gate was so rude for even just asking to sit next to my fiancé even though there were tons of single people on the flight." Pros: "The flight itself was fine." Cons: "The gate change was not announced on my phone app (changed from E7 to D49). I hate leaving out of Terminal E at MIA. There is no point to having TSA Pre-Check if you have to stand in line with people who don't have it. I have to remove my liquids and laptop. It's such a shabby, run-down terminal." Pros: "All the service was good" Cons: "I am handicapped and there was no attendance at the gate once I arrive in Honolulu, no wheelchair assist to help me to the baggage terminal." Southwest8.4 Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from Phoenix to Denver Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Phoenix to Denver found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/11Thu nonstopFrontier 1h 56mPHX-DEN $29 Search 12/14Thu nonstopFrontier 1h 53mPHX-DEN $34 Search 12/14Thu 1 stopSpirit Airlines 7h 30mPHX-DEN $46 Search 12/14Thu 1 stopSpirit Airlines 7h 30mPHX-DEN $47 Search 12/14Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 53mPHX-DEN $104 Search 12/14Thu 1 stopDelta 4h 15mPHX-DEN $112 Search 1/30Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 9h 58mPHX-DEN $117 Search 5/25Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 50mPHX-DEN $134 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopDelta 4h 49mPHX-DEN $149 Search 4/28Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 53mPHX-DEN $161 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesUnited AirlinesDeltaAmerican Airlines Search by price$30 or less$50 or less$110 or less$130 or less$160 or less Last minute flights from Sky Harbor Intl to Denver Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Phoenix to Denver that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 52mPHX-DEN 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 02mDEN-PHX $78 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 12h 14mPHX-DEN 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 05mDEN-PHX $153 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 19h 19mPHX-DEN 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 45mDEN-PHX $173 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 26mPHX-DEN 12/11Mon multi-stopSpirit Airlines 14h 43mDEN-PHX $310 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopDelta 4h 47mPHX-DEN 12/12Tue multi-stopDelta 4h 45mDEN-PHX $418 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 54mPHX-DEN 12/22Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 13mDEN-PHX $457 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 4h 47mPHX-DEN 12/6Wed multi-stopDelta 4h 24mDEN-PHX $463 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 07mPHX-DEN 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 4h 49mDEN-PHX $477 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 54mPHX-DEN 12/11Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 00mDEN-PHX $511 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 54mPHX-DEN 12/1Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 54mDEN-PHX $734 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$150 or less$310 or less$460 or less$480 or less$730 or less Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport - Denver Flights Departure: Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport (PHX)United States Destination: Denver (DEN)United States Return flight deals: Denver - Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport Cabin classes: $599 First Class flights to Denver $485 Business Class flights to Denver $818 Prem Econ Class flights to Denver $55 Economy Class flights to Denver Browse origins: Flights » United States » Arizona » Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport $59Flights from Phoenix Sky Harbor Intl Airport to Denver Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Colorado » Denver $59Flights to Denver, Denver Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Honolulu Flights to Minneapolis Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Denver flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Denver from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Denver from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.