Cheap Flights from Boston to Orlando from $35 | (BOS - ORL) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Boston to Orlando from $35 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/5. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Orlando These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Orlando. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Boston to Orlando. How much is the cheapest flight from Boston to Orlando?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Boston to Orlando that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 9:38 am - 1:11 pmBOS-MCO 3h 33mnonstop 5:30 am - 8:38 amMCO-BOS 3h 08mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Sat, Jan 13 10:07 am - 1:36 pmBOS-MCO 3h 29mnonstop 6:00 am - 9:12 amMCO-BOS 3h 12mnonstop $59Frontier Find Deal Mon, Dec 11 - Fri, Dec 15 10:38 am - 2:15 pmBOS-MCO 3h 37mnonstop 8:00 am - 11:24 amMCO-BOS 3h 24mnonstop $60Frontier Find Deal Mon, Jan 22 - Thu, Jan 25 5:35 pm - 8:59 pmBOS-MCO 3h 24mnonstop 10:23 am - 1:26 pmMCO-BOS 3h 03mnonstop $84Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Sat, Jan 27 3:39 pm - 7:07 pmBOS-MCO 3h 28mnonstop 11:38 am - 2:44 pmMCO-BOS 3h 06mnonstop $89Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Dec 15 - Mon, Dec 25 7:10 am - 10:38 amBOS-MCO 3h 28mnonstop 10:00 am - 12:58 pmMCO-BOS 2h 58mnonstop $128Delta Find Deal Mon, Jan 1 - Wed, Jan 17 7:10 am - 10:38 amBOS-MCO 3h 28mnonstop 7:05 am - 10:04 amMCO-BOS 2h 59mnonstop $138Delta Find Deal Mon, Jan 1 - Thu, Jan 11 9:00 am - 3:15 pmBOS-MCO 6h 15m1 stop 6:13 am - 11:15 amMCO-BOS 5h 02m1 stop $154American Airlines Find Deal Sat, Feb 10 - Sat, Feb 17 9:00 am - 3:15 pmBOS-MCO 6h 15m1 stop 7:05 am - 11:31 amMCO-BOS 4h 26m1 stop $155American Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Sun, Jan 14 9:40 pm - 12:49 amBOS-MCO 3h 09mnonstop 10:39 pm - 1:38 amMCO-BOS 2h 59mnonstop $178JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Dec 19 - Thu, Dec 21 Show more results Flights from Boston to Orlando - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Boston to Orlando to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Boston to Orlando flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Boston to Orlando. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Boston to Orlando cost $40 and was between Boston and Orlando Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $67. What is the cheapest month to fly from Boston to Orlando? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Boston to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Boston to Orlando is September, where tickets cost $188 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are April and February, where the average cost of tickets is $373 and $316 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Boston to Orlando? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Boston to Orlando, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Boston to Orlando, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Boston to Orlando? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Frontier ($35) and Spirit Airlines ($41). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Frontier ($58) and Spirit Airlines ($84). Which airlines fly most frequently between Boston and Orlando? Delta connects Boston to Orlando with up to 3 flights per day. JetBlue also offers 3 flights per day, while Spirit Airlines follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Boston and Orlando? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Boston to Orlando. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Boston to Orlando. They are: Delta, Frontier, JetBlue and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $50 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Boston and Orlando per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 13 nonstop flights that take off from Boston and land in Orlando, with an average flight time of 3h 25m. The most common departure time is 12:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at Orlando Airport. Each week, there are 63 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Boston and Orlando? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Boston to Orlando take? Direct flights take on average 3h 00m to travel the 1,117 miles between Boston and Orlando. What’s the earliest departure time from Boston to Orlando? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Boston at 5:30 am and will be landing in Orlando at 8:50 am. What’s the latest departure time from Boston to Orlando? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Boston to Orlando jets off at 9:40 pm and lands at 12:49 am. Good to know Low season September High season April Cheapest flight $35 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 38% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 42% increase in price. Flight from Boston to Orlando Airport When to book flights from Boston to Orlando Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Boston to Orlando based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Boston to Orlando Is there an airport in Orlando with direct flights from Boston Logan (BOS)? Yes, it’s possible to find a nonstop flight between Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) and Orlando International Airport (MCO). The main operator for this route is Delta Airlines. However, there are other airlines with seasonal direct routes between these cities, such as Frontier Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and JetBlue Airways, along with Southwest Airlines just once a week. Is there public transportation from the airports in Orlando to the city center? Yes, there are public transportation options from the Orlando airports into the downtown area. For instance, from Orlando International Airport (MCO) you can catch the SunRail Lynx bus from Terminal A. It takes about 40 minutes to get downtown and you can expect to pay around $2. As for public transportation from Orlando Sanford International Airport (SFB), there are only taxis to downtown Orlando for about $90. What accessibility services are available at Boston Airport (BOS)? For passengers departing out of Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) who require mobility assistance, The airport offers services to help you get from the terminal to your gate. Be sure to book this service in advance to ensure there will be someone to attend to you. The Boston Airport has the Wings for Autism Program as well, to assist and ease families traveling with children with autism. Is there assistance available for passengers with reduced mobility arriving in Orlando? If you’re flying into Orlando International Airport (MCO), and require mobility assistance, the airport has services available bookable in advance. They can help you get from your gate through the terminal. The airport is equipped with elevators and roll-on train systems connecting the terminal and the gates. For those landing at Orlando Sanford International Airport (SFB), you can reserve wheelchair assistance to pick you up from your gate. What is the best way to get from downtown Boston to Boston Logan International airport? The MBTA offers the Silver Line SL1 Bus Route. This bus is an excellent choice to the airport offering drop-off immediately in front of each airport terminal. All of the buses are spacious with plenty of room to put your baggage. How long will an Uber take to get from Boston to Boston Logan International? The trip will usually only take about 5-10 minutes but, of course, this is contingent upon traffic conditions at the time of your trip. Plan to allow some extra time just in case. When I arrive in Orlando what is the best way to get to the Disney resorts? An excellent service offered by the Disney resorts in Orlando is their Magical Express bus service. With this service, guests at a Disney resort can get their vacation started the minute they land in Orlando. The Magical Express will take you from your terminal right to your destination resort and, best of all, if you have checked bags they will collect those for you, load them on the shuttle, and have them delivered right to your room at the resort. What is the best way for someone to pick me up at the Orlando airport? When being picked up at the terminal, vehicles may stop curbside for immediate loading but they cannot park, and they must remain attended at all times. Those coming to pick up passengers are encouraged to use the complimentary cell phone lot that is located on the airport property. Do I need a passport to fly between Boston and Orlando? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Orlando from Boston. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Boston to Orlando? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Boston to Orlando flight route: JetBlue, Delta, American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, AeroMexico Connect, Horizon Air, Aeromexico, Spirit Airlines, and Cape Air. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Boston to Orlando? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Boston to Orlando flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Boston to Orlando? SkyTeam, oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Boston and Orlando, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Boston to Orlando? There are nonstop flights from Boston to Orlando on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Boston to Orlando, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Boston to Orlando are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $333 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $318 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Boston to Orlando? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Boston to Orlando. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Boston to Orlando? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Orlando from Boston is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Boston to Orlando? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Orlando with an airline and back to Boston with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Boston to Orlando? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Orlando from Boston up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Boston to Orlando Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $76 or less one-way and $133 or less round-trip. When flying from Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) to Orlando, Florida, you’ll be arriving at the city's main commercial airport, Orlando International Airport (MCO). The only other commercial airport, operating flights from Boston, closest to Orlando would be Tampa (TPA) since Orlando Sanford International Airport (SFB) does not have direct flights from Boston. For those traveling with their pets, Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) has pet relief areas in all its terminals (A, B, C, and E). They can stretch their legs and relieve themselves before your flight to Orlando. If you wish to leave your luggage at the airport and explore Orlando hands-free, Orlando International Airport (MCO) has a “Hold My Luggage” station on Level 1 of Terminal B. Orlando Sanford International Airport (SFB) does not currently offer luggage storage. For the mothers traveling with young babies or infants departing from Boston Logan International Airport (BOS), there are nursing pods throughout the terminals while you wait for your flight. There’s a MAMAVA pod or nursing room on Level 2 of Terminals A, B, and C and Level 3 of Terminal E. If you’re traveling in a large group and finally made it to your gate, Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) has the BOS2Go service that allows travelers to order meals or other travel essentials to pick up, or conveniently have delivered to their departure gate. Travelers on flights from Boston to Orlando looking for a unique way to get to the airport might consider water transportation. The MBTA Harbor Express offers high-speed water transport between the Navy Yard in Boston to the Boston Logan International Airport. If you are traveling light for your vacation to Orlando, you might want to consider strapping on your backpack and biking to Boston Logan International Airport. The airport has seven different bike racks located in the terminal buildings, parking garages, and the rental car center, as well as at public transportation stations. If you will need to drop off your rental car before your flight from Boston to Orlando, the airport's Rental Car Center makes the process simple. The Rental Car Center features buses that run to all of the airport terminals approximately every five minutes. In addition, the Rental Car Center has a Dunkin Donuts Express, ATM machines, free WiFi and a USPS mailbox location. If you are looking for a quick bite to eat or are craving a craft beer, stop by the Harpoon Tap Room in Terminal A before your flight. The Harpoon Tap Room features a full menu of breakfast, lunch, and dinner with vegetarian-friendly meals as well. Of course, they offer a full line of artistically crafted beers and ales. Since it is a good bet the kids will be joining you for your flight from Boston to Orlando to visit one of the many resorts and theme parks Orlando has to offer, one way to occupy their time before your flight is by visiting one of the three Kidports located at Boston Logan International Airport. These indoor playgrounds have things they can climb and traverse and one the Kidports even offers a TV to chill out in front of for a while. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Boston Logan Intl to Orlando? Find which airlines fly direct from Logan Intl to Orlando, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Boston Logan Intl to Orlando Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +15 more 13 14 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +15 more 13 14 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +15 more 13 14 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +15 more 13 14 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Orlando to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +15 more 13 14 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +16 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +17 more 15 16 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Boston to Orlando See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Boston to Orlando. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Boston to Orlando? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19621 reviews 82comfort 82overall 79entertainment 83boarding 78food 86crew Airline reviews ticketing issues caused many customers to have to go back to check in after waiting in security, then go through security line again.Read more about JetBlue ticketing issues caused many customers to have to go back to check in after waiting in security, then go through security line again. Pros: "Crew was nice. Seats very uncomfortable. Seems like they get smaller and smaller each time." Cons: "It was a 3+ hour flight. They should've given us something more than chips or cookies" Cons: "Two hours and a half late and no updates whatsoever" Pros: "Yep it’s all well." Cons: "You can serve some snacks like bread butter, sandwiches,burgers, some Indian snacks." Cons: "Absolutely perfect from departure to arrival. Our first time flying jet blue and it was incredible" Cons: "Arrived two hrs late. Now we're at the gate and they can't open the door. Have to taxie to another gate" Pros: "Crew handled a health situation very well. Never lost their composure." Cons: "Not having our luggage lost" Pros: "This was a plane with 2x2 seating and I was with only one other person, so it was nice to be just us. The seats seemed bigger than normal." Cons: "There was snow the day we traveled so we were delayed about two hours, they could have been more forthcoming with information regarding the delay." Pros: "Crew was fine" Cons: "Not been delayed for an hour and a half for no apparent reason" Pros: "I liked just about everything on the flight- the professionalism of the flight crew, the fact that the flight boarded on time (slight delay after boarding, but I understand and the delay wasn't long). We still made it to Orlando on time." Cons: "I volunteered to give up my carry on at the request of the check in attendant, only to realize after boarding, that there was ample overhead space. This resulted in a longer wait at baggage claim (the very thing I was trying to avoid)" Pros: "The crew was great. The pilots too." Cons: "The audio and video at my seat did not work correctly." Pros: "Boarding process need to be improved. Seat assignment is horrible" Pros: "Seat was hard, not much foot space" Cons: "My wife and Iasked for a snack, it was never delivered" Cons: "It could have left on time or they could have told us they weren’t leaving and let us get some sleep." Pros: "Crew was friendly" Cons: "An hour and a half late, terrible communication about scheduling" Pros: "nice crew" Cons: "terrible seat comfort, late departure due to airline’s booking problems" Pros: "I was trying with a broken arm - the Crew both on the plane and off the plane was wonderful" Cons: "Would like more food available-not for purchase but with what comes with your flight" Pros: "Everything went as smoothly as possible. Not a hiccup. Great price, great flight, great experience!" Pros: "I enjoyed my flight! Great movies, good food and I was comfortable. Nothing like First Class." Pros: "Movies" Cons: "Not supplying headphones Crew not to helpful, one unpolite Refreshments ridiculous" Pros: "Nothing. Worst flight I’ve ever taken." Cons: "We were on the tarmac for 3.5 hours with little communication or apology. The seats were very uncomfortable. Terrible turbulence. Not even a complimentary soda for all of this. I will never fly Allegiant ever again." Cons: "Was surprised to see 0 social distancing in the plane. It was packed and not everyone had masks. Should be mandatory." Cons: "I tried to cancel this trip but was told I would have to pay more in order to receive a refund. Very disappointed customer as I have traveled with Allegiant many times and the one time I try to cancel my flight, I’m told I have to pay a fee which was more expensive than the actual price of the ticket. Waste of money." Cons: "I booked two tickets at the same time through kayak and was assigned a seat not next to my son! Because the flight was fully booked there was no ability to rearrange seats." Pros: "Crew was friendly, boarding process was easy, spacious aisles" Cons: "The seats do not recline and are not very comfortable. Drinks and snacks are not complimentary" Pros: "Nothing is good on this flight. It was delayed by 7 hours and the communication is not proper" Cons: "Customer service" Pros: "The crew was very nice and professional. Seats were as comfortable as they can be" Cons: "I really didn't have any problems , very pleased with the airline" Pros: "The staff were friendly and helpful and boarded us in an orderly manner." Cons: "Staff are part time employees and do not arrive to check in counter until 1.5 hours before flight. When flying out of this airport you do not need to arrive 2 hours early." Pros: "Nothing to like!" Cons: "Allegiant has an obscure boarding policy that shuts down online and in-person check-in 45min before departure. We got to the Allegiant desk 35min before departure to get our boarding passes and no luggage to check, and were told we missed the flight because check-in wasn’t allowed anymore. That policy should be made very visible and clear to anyone buying tickets on Allegiance as no other airline does that to passengers. We lost 4 tickets and had to buy tickets for a flight the following day. Horrible experience!" Pros: "Flight attendants were nice." Cons: "There was no one working at the counter when we arrived at the airport and there was already a sizable line. We waited about 10 minutes before anyone showed up to assist customers. Not sure what was up with that. Very uncomfortable seats and crowded seating on plane which is typical these days everything else went fine. Flight left and arrived on time." Pros: "I did not take the flight, I stopped in Miami instead." Cons: "Don’t know because I did not take this flight." Pros: "Arrived 5 minutes early which was great on a very late night." Pros: "Good pilot/ crew to passenger interection. Great movie and entertainment selections." Cons: "Turbulence but airline / pilot can't control that." Pros: "Smooth flight, not too bumpy. Also flew on time and landed early. Free beer" Cons: "No internet. No tv screens. Jet blue is still better." Pros: "We had to wait in the airplane upon arrival in La Guardia NY because wheelchair was not ready." Pros: "Everything great. Rate food and entertainment moderate because there was no dinner, which we did not require, and we went to sleep so didn't pay attention to entertainment." Pros: "The flight crew was professional, friendly and competent. They served the dinner as early in the flight as possible." Cons: "This was a plane with central screens along the aisle, and the airline chose to broadcast a sci-fi action movie with almost constant flashing blue light, and violent action scenes. This was first of all a movie that many people, including me, would never choose to watch, but since it was on the aisle screens there was no getting away from it. It was also unsuitable for children, even without sound. But mainly, I object to the showing of any film in that situation - only aisle screens available, and on a night flight where most of the passengers are trying to sleep. I was awakened several times by the flashing lights. Other things: one of the bathrooms was not very clean, and the plane felt like the usual cattlecar, with just 3 seats on each side of the aisle, which is unusual and unpleasant for a transatlantic flight." Cons: "The flight was delayed more times than I can count, we got a different reason each time. Weather I can understand, but telling us we are waiting on a specific crew to arrive and then announcing that crew is not for our flight was just terrible communication. No one seemed apologetic. The only thing they did was bring a snack cart over for us, and that got raided by children so many people didn't get anything. We had arranged transport from Orlando to Tampa for that evening, and our rides had to cancel because instead of 7pm we were now arriving at 130am. Your airline's mistakes put everyone at an inconvenience and we weren't offered assistance to fix it. My husband went to ask for help in arranging new transport home, but he couldn't even get to the front of the line. The customer service was terrible. We really enjoyed our first leg of the flight home with American Airlines, but after the second leg and all of the problems we had... we will not fly with American Airlines in the future." Pros: "The crew were pleasant and friendly. They tried the best that they could given the circumstances." Cons: "My flights were delayed so I missed my connection. I had to fly a red-eye from San Fran to Boston getting in at 6AM with meetings that started at 10AM...had to BUY a day-pass at the Admirals Club (I feel this could have been provided as it was mechanical issues that caused the delays). THEN my trip from Boston home were delayed so they switched me to another flight and then THAT one was delayed twice so I actually got home later than if I had taken the original flight! Overall the flights really sucked!!" Cons: "American Airlines made me check my carry-on luggage, despite there being many open overhead compartments visible on the plane." Pros: "Really fast boarding was great. Good selection of snacks but at a cost." Cons: "Some cushion on the seats. It was like sitting on a board." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The aircraft looks like a WWI aircraft. So dirty. Floors were nasty with food not picked up from the last trip. Sits are extremely uncomfortable even for a 2 hr flogjt. Last minute flight so we had to do frontier... never again thou" Cons: "Getting off the plane my stroller wasn’t there. Then I was directed to 3 different places before I could find it near the baggage area. The reason I had the stroller... to help me Navigate an airport with little children. Totally defeated the purpose. Never again frontier. You all suck" Cons: "The flight was delayed arriving to Burlington and then there was a problem in the baggage area that needed to be fixed. We were delayed over an hour leaving Burlington and then when we arrived in Orlando we sat on the tarmac for over an hour because, according to the crew, no gate was available for us" Pros: "Patient flight attendants kept cool while PIA passengers were delaying departure by playing 'seat switching'." Pros: "Boarding went ok with no problems" Cons: "Good thing o had an isle seat. The two people in the seats beside me were large and that made the one setting beside me take up part of my area. Part of my body was covered by her the entire flight except when I got up to go to the bathroom. Leaned into the isle most of the flight. Really annoying to have half a seat." Pros: "Boarding is fast and the crew are nice." Cons: "The seats are horrid, it’s a plastic shell with faux leather wrapping that doesn’t even go around the back. Each seat looks directly into an abyss of grey hard plastic with a tray smaller than your hand. My body hurts so bad that I need another day to rest." Pros: "I arrived safely. The crew was very friendly and helped to. All my husband who was scared as this was his first time flying." Cons: "The agent who checked me in was extremely unprofessional. I felt like she was envious that I was going on a vacation and she had to work. She tried to make my experience a living hell. I personally think she should be fired. She does not enjoy what she is doing. She joyfully told me that it costs $40 to carry my luggage and after I informed her that I saw it online for less she informed me that I should have bought it online. She then stuck me all the way in the last row of the plane. I am 5'9". My husband is 6'2" and over 300 pounds. Those seats have the least leg room. It was pure torture. The flight crew in the back help my poor husband by using humor to help him." Pros: "I got there safely." Cons: "The crew did not help people with bags and barked when people opened doors that were closed. There was no entertainment and no complimentary snacks or even water." Pros: "I arrived at my destinations safe on both occasions." Cons: "The seats are hard as granite rocks, no leg room at all & they don't recline back at all, oh except if you want to pay for an emergency exit where you have to sign your life away to have a better seat. No complimentary beverages besides tap water. It's like we're doing your Airlines a favor by flying with you. I would never board an aircraft with the name Frontier on it again. Plus you charge a ridiculous rate for a checked bag. Never again & I bet you can guess what I will tell everyone I come across." JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Allegiant Air7.2 American Airlines7.2 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Boston to Orlando Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Boston to Orlando found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/5Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 37mBOS-MCO $35 Search 12/10Sun nonstopFrontier 3h 35mBOS-MCO $36 Search 12/18Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 27mBOS-MCO $41 Search 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 28mBOS-MCO $42 Search 2/9Fri nonstopJetBlue 3h 21mBOS-MCO $69 Search 2/3Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 51mBOS-MCO $78 Search 5/12Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 44mBOS-MCO $87 Search 12/30Sat nonstopJetBlue 3h 09mBOS-MCO $109 Search 12/19Tue nonstopDelta 3h 24mBOS-MCO $134 Search 12/25Mon nonstopDelta 3h 27mBOS-MCO $189 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$40 or less$40 or less$80 or less$110 or less$190 or less Last minute flights from Boston to Orlando Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Boston to Orlando that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 29mBOS-MCO 12/8Fri nonstopFrontier 3h 12mMCO-BOS $75 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 29mBOS-MCO 12/12Tue multi-stopFrontier 9h 05mMCO-BOS $78 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 29mBOS-MCO 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 3h 06mMCO-BOS $80 Search 12/2Sat nonstop 3h 28mBOS-MCO 12/8Fri nonstop 3h 12mMCO-BOS $90 Search 12/4Mon nonstopFrontier 3h 29mBOS-MCO 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 3h 06mMCO-BOS $92 Search 12/3Sun nonstop 3h 29mBOS-MCO 12/6Wed nonstop 3h 12mMCO-BOS $94 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 28mBOS-MCO 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 06mMCO-BOS $120 Search 12/3Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 28mBOS-MCO 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 06mMCO-BOS $122 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAllegiant Air 7h 13mBOS-SFB 12/7Thu multi-stopAllegiant Air 11h 50mSFB-BOS $306 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAllegiant Air 7h 13mBOS-SFB 12/7Thu multi-stopAllegiant Air 11h 50mSFB-BOS $328 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAllegiant Air Search by price$80 or less$90 or less$90 or less$120 or less$330 or less Boston - Orlando Flights Departure: Boston (BOS)United States Return flight deals: Orlando - Boston Cabin classes: $1,093 First Class flights to Orlando $876 Business Class flights to Orlando $444 Prem Econ Class flights to Orlando $67 Economy Class flights to Orlando Browse origins: Flights » United States » Boston $68Flights from Boston to Orlando Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida » Orlando $68Flights to Orlando Airport, Orlando $229Flights to Orlando Sanford Intl Airport, Orlando Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Fort Myers Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Orlando flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Orlando from Boston. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Orlando from Boston. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.