Cheap Flights from Toronto Pearson to Winnipeg from C$ 43 | (YYZ - YWG) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW YYZ - YWG Find cheap flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg from C$ 43 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 5/2. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Nonstop flights only Sat 30/12 Sat 6/1 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 24% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Free to useThere are no hidden charges or fees. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Winnipeg These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Winnipeg, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Toronto to Winnipeg, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Pearson Intl to Winnipeg?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Pearson Intl to Winnipeg that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 5:30 p.m. - 7:15 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 45mdirect 8:00 p.m. - 11:35 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 35mdirect C$ 65Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 2 Feb - Sun, 4 Feb 6:35 p.m. - 8:34 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 59mdirect 12:20 p.m. - 3:59 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 39mdirect C$ 66Lynx Air Find Deal Wed, 7 Feb - Sun, 11 Feb 5:30 p.m. - 7:15 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 45mdirect 8:00 p.m. - 11:35 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 35mdirect C$ 71Flair Airlines Find Deal Fri, 2 Feb - Sun, 4 Feb 7:55 p.m. - 9:35 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 40mdirect 12:30 p.m. - 3:59 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 29mdirect C$ 112Lynx Air Find Deal Wed, 3 Apr - Wed, 10 Apr 1:45 p.m. - 3:29 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 44mdirect 7:00 a.m. - 10:35 a.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 35mdirect C$ 128Air Canada Find Deal Thu, 25 Jan - Tue, 30 Jan 8:50 a.m. - 10:45 a.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 55mdirect 8:15 p.m. - 11:38 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 23mdirect C$ 136WestJet Find Deal Thu, 1 Feb - Sat, 3 Feb 7:50 a.m. - 9:38 a.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 48mdirect 5:00 a.m. - 8:34 a.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 34mdirect C$ 168WestJet Find Deal Mon, 11 Dec - Thu, 14 Dec 5:55 p.m. - 7:39 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 44mdirect 7:00 p.m. - 10:35 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 35mdirect C$ 322Air Canada Find Deal Tue, 19 Dec - Thu, 28 Dec 11:00 a.m. - 12:44 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 44mdirect 6:30 p.m. - 10:05 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 35mdirect C$ 348Porter Airlines Find Deal Mon, 25 Dec - Tue, 26 Dec 11:00 a.m. - 12:44 p.m.YYZ-YWG 2h 44mdirect 6:30 p.m. - 10:05 p.m.YWG-YYZ 2h 35mdirect C$ 350Porter Airlines Find Deal Tue, 26 Dec - Sat, 30 Dec Show more results Flights from Pearson Intl to Winnipeg - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Pearson Intl to Winnipeg to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Winnipeg? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Winnipeg, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Winnipeg is May, where tickets cost C$ 126 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and July, where the average cost of tickets is C$ 375 and C$ 263 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Winnipeg? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Winnipeg, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Winnipeg, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 52 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Winnipeg from Toronto Pearson Airport were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 43) and Lynx Air (C$ 48), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Flair Airlines (C$ 88) and Lynx Air (C$ 90). Which airlines fly most frequently between Toronto Pearson Airport and Winnipeg? Air Canada connects Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg with up to 4 flights per day. Porter Airlines also offers 1 flight per day, while WestJet follows with 1 flight per day. Which airlines fly direct between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Winnipeg? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Winnipeg. There are 5 airlines that fly direct from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Winnipeg. They are: Air Canada, Flair Airlines, Lynx Air, Porter Airlines and WestJet. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Lynx Air at C$ 89. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Lynx Air. How many flights are there between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Winnipeg per day? Each day, there are between 6 and 10 nonstop flights that take off from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and land in Winnipeg, with an average flight time of 2h 45m. The most common departure time is 10:00 a.m. and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 56 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Toronto Pearson Intl Airport and Winnipeg? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg take? Direct flights take on average 2h 40m to travel the 2,419 km between Toronto Pearson Airport and Winnipeg. What’s the earliest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport at 7:00 am and will be landing in Winnipeg at 9:04 am. What’s the latest departure time from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Winnipeg jets off at 10:30 pm and lands at 12:20 am. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight C$ 43 Best time to beat the crowds (4% less expensive on average) Most popular time to fly (32% more expensive on average) Flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg When to book flights from Pearson Intl to Winnipeg Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Pearson Intl to Winnipeg based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg flights Which airlines have lounges at Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ)? You will find several locations of the Plaza Premium Lounge scattered throughout Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ). Travelers from all airlines are welcome to go to this lounge if they have a membership or pay the one-time entry fee. What transportation options are there for going from Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG) to the city center? If you drive from Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG) to the city center, the journey will normally last between 20 and 25 minutes. If you choose to take public transportation instead, like bus line 15, the trip will take around 30 to 35 minutes. Where do layovers for flights from Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) to Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG) typically take place? You will find that many flights from Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) to Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG) are direct. However, you may have a layover during your journey, and these frequently take place in cities like Calgary and Edmonton. What other cities can I go to from Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG)? Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG) primarily serves the city of Winnipeg, but can also be used to go to other nearby towns. For instance, if you are traveling to Morris, Stony Mountain, Stonewall, or Carman, you will likely need to first fly into Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG) before then going to your final destination. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg? Air Canada, and United Airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg? The Boeing 737-800 (Scimitar Winglets) is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg? Star Alliance, SkyTeam, and oneworld are the airline alliances operating flights between Toronto Pearson Airport and Winnipeg, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg? There are direct flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Toronto to Winnipeg, WestJet or Porter Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Toronto to Winnipeg are WestJet and Porter Airlines. With an average price for the route of C$ 288 and an overall rating of 7.7, WestJet is the most popular choice. Porter Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of C$ 243 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Winnipeg from Toronto Pearson Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travellers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Winnipeg with an airline and back to Toronto Pearson Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Toronto Pearson Airport to Winnipeg? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Winnipeg from Toronto Pearson Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Toronto to Winnipeg Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for C$ 96 or less one-way and C$ 132 or less round-trip. There are a few different ways that you can choose to go from downtown Toronto to Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ). If you choose to drive to the airport, it will typically take you around 30 minutes. You can also take public transportation, such as bus line 40, which arrives at the airport in around 30 to 35 minutes. Once you arrive at Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG), you may be interested in renting a car. Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG) has a car rental center that is located on the ground level of the parkade and has desks for companies like Avis and Hertz. For flights from Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) to Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG), you are not guaranteed to be able to bring a carry-on and personal item for free. While Air Canada will allow you to do this, other airlines, such as Flair Airlines and Lynx Air, do not have the same luggage allowances. Because flights from Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) to Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG) are relatively short, you may be able to upgrade your seat at a low cost. Many airlines will let you change your fare to Premium Economy or Business after you have made your reservation. One of the easiest ways to save money on flights from Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) to Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG) is by booking an Economy Basic ticket. A few airlines offer this, including Flair Airlines, Lynx Air, and Air Canada. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Toronto Pearson Intl to Winnipeg? Find which airlines fly direct from Pearson Intl to Winnipeg, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Toronto Pearson Intl to Winnipeg Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +18 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Thursday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +15 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Saturday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 See more nonstop flights Nonstop returns Winnipeg to Toronto Pearson Intl Search flights Monday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +19 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Tuesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Wednesday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +19 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Thursday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +17 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Friday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +20 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Saturday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +16 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +17 more 15 16 Sunday Aeromexico,Air Canada,Air France, +18 more Aeromexico,Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 See more nonstop flights See more nonstop flights Top 5 airlines serving from Pearson Intl to Winnipeg See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Toronto to Winnipeg. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Pearson Intl to Winnipeg? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.7 WestJetOverall score based on 9262 reviews 81boarding 70entertainment 71food 80overall 77comfort 84crew Airline reviews Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good."Read more about WestJet Cons: "No Food to buy available on board. We thought we could buy something. The coffee was good." Pros: "No one disturbed me while sleeping and crew was helpful when I woke as bad needed refreshments." Cons: "More leg room" Pros: "Crew was great." Cons: "Communication as to why we were promoted to premier seats and service." Pros: "Seat was uncomfortable because of the head rest that is attached to the seat. However the staff and crew were friendly and helpful." Cons: "Better seats" Pros: "Newest 787 plane in the fleet. Really comfortable seats and terrific in-flight entertainment" Pros: "Efficient and fast boarding and getting things ready" Cons: "Seating is horrible. Not just the space but the cushion-or lack of" Pros: "Smooth trip." Cons: "No one would get a wheelchair to get to cart that was on different floor. Driver didn't volunteer to carry bags to cart." Pros: "Staff is friendly." Cons: "We didn’t appreciate the walk from Gate 4 to Gate 41 TWICE when the departure gate was changed. We are in our 80’s and it was quite a trek!" Cons: "Later flight from Toronto delayed multiple times, finally to 2:40 am and then canceled at midnight. Way too late to find an affordable hotel, had to stay at expensive airport hotel instead." Pros: "I like everything else except no entertainment" Cons: "I wish there is TV or newspaper, magazine to read or watch that helps." I had checked in online the day before but was instructed to collect our boarding passes when we arrived. I am not completely comfortable using the automated Kiosks and always enjoy the nostalgia of speaking with someone when checking in for a flight. Upon doing so however, we were immediately asked,"did you check in online already?" To which I replied, "yes, but we were asked to retrieve our boarding passes upon arrival." She then said, "that's what those machines over there are for. We really encourage people to use those." That unfortunately sparked a series of shortness and overall poor behavior in my opinion from the woman who checked us in. I understand it was early in the morning but I am always excited to experience flying and that interaction has unfortunately left a bitter taste in my mouth to the point I will forever now hesitate to book with Porter again. Thank you for taking the time to read this. Cheers, JD Everything was fantastic, by far the best airline experience in Canada 🇨🇦! Unlike our porter connection this was great , smooth 2minutes at check in not 90 mins Food wasn’t great but it’s plane food , staff were great Pros: "Great value. Free beverages including a small selection of beer, wine and whiskey. Otherwise no frills, no with, no entertainment. Short haul flights, no problem. Best bargain airline" Cons: "There is a fee to change your assigned seat US$10-20(?), regardless of whether it's a "better" seat. Fortunately, this trip our seats (family of three) were near where we wanted to be. But, it would have been disappointing to have to pay for each seat change for each leg, each way." Cons: "I was ripped of by baggage check!! They sold my a basic fare, which is 20 less than standard, but never told me I had to check my back which cost 40! Ended up costing me more!! I was furious" Cons: "Needs to be more clear that you have to pay to bring bag on." Pros: "I got to the destination." Cons: "I could not have been ripped off with extra baggage fees." Cons: "Best check in. Allowed earlier flight for a fee which turned out to be 30 minutes delayed but overall excellent check in and crew. Love porter" Cons: "Take off was delayed delayed delayed. Boarding was chaos with many of us directed to three different gates. Super chatty flight attendant with her peers was disruptive/unprofessional" Pros: "Very friendly crew, we were a bit delayed but they dealt with us as quickly and politely as possible." Cons: "A better idea of what was happening when the plane had to be delayed-we all lined up, then they got notice that we couldn't leave yet." Cons: "The flight was fine, but the aircraft arrived 3 hours late. That’s a long wait." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "I didn’t like anything about this flight, except that we arrived safely. I had the last seat, next to the toilet, and that container or whatever it is, was dirty. Every time someone flushed, I was bathed in the smell of urine. It was raining in Toronto; consequently, my checked bag was wet through. I’m glad I was coming home rather than arriving at a vacation destination, where all my stuff would’ve been wet. I’d like to see some effort put into keeping my bag dry. Also, the passengers had to slog through the rain to get on the plane!" Cons: "Seat didn't recline and touch screen on TV was working but it took some work -- I had to press and hold and the little arrow would fly all over the screen" Pros: "That we eventually got a flight home." Cons: "Being stuck in Boston and Ottawa for 2 extra days and adding around $1200 on to our trip in hotels alone (I was travelling with 4 kids on a school trip and my wife). Additionally, we didn’t find out the flights were cancelled until we arrived at the airport. Apparently, they had been cancelled 2 hours before but there was no notification. Air Canada offered no help whatsoever and the guy at the “service” desk in Boston literally said there was nothing he could do to help. Not even find a new flight. Spent 90 minutes on the phone trying to re-book, plus re-booking hotel along the way." Cons: "Very cramped like sardine tin. Not enough flight info boards in airport and they were hard to read m" Pros: "The crew were friendly and efficient." Cons: "Being delayed for mechanical issues seems to happen more often now, which gives pause. Obviously we want a safe aircraft and I'm glad they deal with the issues, but why are these issues popping up more frequently now? Also, the seats are very uncomfortable for a tall person - no lumbar support" Cons: "Delayed without notice and broken sound system for tv screen." Cons: "I could not get a seat assignment or a boarding pass for my connecting flight" Pros: "The crew members were also friendly" Cons: "The boardung gate was changed but no announcement was made" Pros: "The staff was helpful and courteous. I liked the tv selection especially the Canadian content." Cons: "The flight was delayed because of electric problems. The complimentary snacks aren't as good as other airlines." Flight delayed by 4 hours but no communication. With passengers until after the posted departure time became apparent the flight was not going to board even close to on time. Flight was sent canceled. The absolute most useless staff I have ever witnessed. Utterly careless - literally could not care less. 100% never using this airline again. Poor communication at the check in counter and boarding gates. Other then the screaming baby the flight was fine, nothing special Check in experience was smooth, and the flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Very positive experience overall, thank you all! Flight arrived late but other than that everything else okay Great price for a new plane. Only offered water which we knew. Can't be happy with a 5 hour delay. Only given $10 voucher for food and still EVERYTHING was an upcharge during the flight. TThe first time I have ever flown with flare and both ways sucked There was no entertainment There was no food or beverage service , not even a glass of water The plane door could not be opened upon arrival I try to buy water the cabin crews told me I had to wait for them to come around with the trolley I waited over 2 hours !!!!! Literally 2 hours I was so thirsty . Lots of leg room in the front rows. Wish water was free. I don't like anything. The crew was so bad. Misbehaved badly. The worst flight. Long wait for baggage check in with only one on site attendant. The worst airlines I have seen in my life they don’t respect anyone they don’t care about anyone they lost our luggage and no one is responding. We waited for five hours to get our luggage back.🤬🤬🤬👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Great staff. Cramped seating for someone 5 feet, 2 inches and average weight. So if you're tall or heavy -- good luck. Even if you wait until the 24 hour checkin time, you still charge for seating. Really? So either it is a less-than-pleasant experience or pay the price of a "big name" airline. And if I'm going to pay their prices, why would I fly in your cramped seat? So, in the end, you want to give less comfort for the same prices as Air Canada. Go figure. The airplane smokes and they think it's normal.... this is sign of deterioration WestJet7.7 Porter Airlines7.7 Air Canada7.1 Lynx Air6.8 Flair Airlines6.4 Book cheap flights from Toronto to Winnipeg Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Toronto to Winnipeg found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 5/2Mon directFlair Airlines 2h 45mYYZ-YWG C$ 32 Search 21/2Wed directLynx Air 2h 59mYYZ-YWG C$ 35 Search 29/1Mon directFlair Airlines 2h 45mYYZ-YWG C$ 38 Search 6/2Tue directWestJet 2h 52mYYZ-YWG C$ 52 Search 7/1Sun directLynx Air 2h 59mYYZ-YWG C$ 56 Search 18/1Thu directAir Canada 2h 44mYYZ-YWG C$ 64 Search 20/2Tue directPorter Airlines 2h 44mYYZ-YWG C$ 65 Search 17/1Wed directWestJet 2h 49mYYZ-YWG C$ 66 Search 24/1Wed directPorter Airlines 2h 44mYYZ-YWG C$ 69 Search 6/2Tue directAir Canada 2h 44mYYZ-YWG C$ 77 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesLynx AirWestJetAir CanadaPorter Airlines Search by priceC$ 40 or lessC$ 50 or lessC$ 60 or lessC$ 70 or lessC$ 80 or less Last minute flights from Pearson Intl to Winnipeg Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Toronto to Winnipeg that are departing in the next 10 days. 4/12Mon direct 2h 45mYYZ-YWG 11/12Mon direct 2h 39mYWG-YYZ C$ 124 Search 4/12Mon direct 2h 45mYYZ-YWG 11/12Mon direct 2h 39mYWG-YYZ C$ 138 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 2h 45mYYZ-YWG 8/12Fri directFlair Airlines 2h 35mYWG-YYZ C$ 160 Search 4/12Mon directFlair Airlines 2h 45mYYZ-YWG 8/12Fri directFlair Airlines 2h 35mYWG-YYZ C$ 163 Search 1/12Fri directLynx Air 2h 59mYYZ-YWG 13/12Wed directLynx Air 2h 39mYWG-YYZ C$ 166 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 2h 50mYYZ-YWG 12/12Tue directWestJet 2h 34mYWG-YYZ C$ 175 Search 5/12Tue directWestJet 2h 50mYYZ-YWG 10/12Sun directWestJet 2h 31mYWG-YYZ C$ 176 Search 1/12Fri directLynx Air 2h 59mYYZ-YWG 11/12Mon directLynx Air 2h 39mYWG-YYZ C$ 182 Search 5/12Tue directAir Canada 2h 44mYYZ-YWG 15/12Fri directAir Canada 2h 35mYWG-YYZ C$ 252 Search 1/12Fri directAir Canada 2h 49mYYZ-YWG 9/12Sat directAir Canada 2h 35mYWG-YYZ C$ 278 Search Show more results Search by stopsDirect1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFlair AirlinesLynx AirWestJetAir Canada Search by priceC$ 140 or lessC$ 160 or lessC$ 180 or lessC$ 180 or lessC$ 280 or less Toronto Pearson Airport - Winnipeg Flights Departure: Toronto Pearson Airport (YYZ)Canada Destination: Winnipeg (YWG)Canada Return flight deals: Winnipeg - Toronto Pearson Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Winnipeg C$ 694 Business Class flights to Winnipeg C$ 900 Prem Econ Class flights to Winnipeg C$ 94 Economy Class flights to Winnipeg Browse origins: Flights » Canada » Ontario » Toronto » Toronto Pearson Airport C$ 79Flights from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to Winnipeg Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » Canada » Winnipeg C$ 79Flights to Winnipeg, Winnipeg Flights Flights to Toronto Flights to London Flights to Vancouver Flights to Las Vegas Flights to New York Flights to Orlando Flights to New Delhi Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Paris Flights to Montreal Flights to Manila Flights to Cancun Flights to Calgary Flights to Bangkok Flights to India Flights to Europe Flights to Florida Flights to Philippines Flights to Portugal Flights to Iceland Flights to Abbotsford Flights to Halifax Flights to Edmonton Flights to Victoria Flights to Québec City Flights to Winnipeg Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Winnipeg flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Winnipeg from Toronto Pearson Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last-minute flights to Winnipeg from Toronto Pearson Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.