Cheap Flights from Miami to London from $158 | (MIA - LON) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MIA - LON Find cheap flights from Miami to London from $158 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 3/17. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to London These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to London. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to London. How much is the cheapest flight from Miami to London?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Miami to London that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 10:05 pm - 5:00 pmMIA-LHR 13h 55m1 stop 10:20 am - 8:15 pmLHR-MIA 14h 55m1 stop $427Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 17 - Sun, Jan 21 5:15 pm - 7:00 amMIA-LGW 8h 45mnonstop 10:00 am - 2:35 pmLGW-MIA 9h 35mnonstop $437Norse Atlantic UK Find Deal Wed, Apr 3 - Wed, Apr 10 11:45 pm - 1:10 pmMIA-LHR 8h 25mnonstop 6:30 am - 2:50 pmLHR-MIA 13h 20m1 stop $564Virgin Atlantic Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Sun, Jan 21 3:03 pm - 6:50 amMIA-LHR 10h 47m1 stop 11:20 am - 5:15 pmLHR-MIA 9h 55mnonstop $580Iberia Find Deal Sun, Mar 3 - Fri, Mar 15 8:55 pm - 10:50 amMIA-LHR 8h 55mnonstop 10:55 am - 8:20 pmLHR-MIA 14h 25m1 stop $586Iberia Find Deal Wed, Apr 3 - Wed, Apr 10 5:10 pm - 6:30 amMIA-LHR 8h 20mnonstop 6:05 am - 3:05 pmLHR-MIA 14h 00m1 stop $623British Airways Find Deal Mon, Jan 15 - Tue, Jan 23 9:30 pm - 10:55 amMIA-LHR 8h 25mnonstop 11:25 am - 8:20 pmLHR-MIA 13h 55m1 stop $625British Airways Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Tue, Jan 16 10:40 pm - 12:05 pmMIA-LHR 8h 25mnonstop 6:30 am - 2:50 pmLHR-MIA 13h 20m1 stop $635Virgin Atlantic Find Deal Sun, Jan 14 - Tue, Jan 23 1:35 pm - 7:05 amMIA-LHR 12h 30m1 stop 6:30 am - 2:50 pmLHR-MIA 13h 20m1 stop $640Delta Find Deal Mon, Jan 8 - Tue, Jan 16 3:35 pm - 7:55 amMIA-LHR 11h 20m1 stop 3:50 pm - 8:45 pmLHR-MIA 9h 55mnonstop $647Delta Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Wed, Jan 24 Show more results Flights from Miami to London - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Miami to London to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Miami to London flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Miami to London. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Miami to London cost $119 and was between Miami and London Gatwick Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $236. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Miami to London? The average price of all flights from Miami to London clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. When flying from Miami to London, you should consider leaving on a Tuesday and avoid Saturdays if you are looking for the best rates. For your return to Miami, you’ll find the best rates on Wednesdays and the most expensive ones on Saturdays. What is the cheapest month to fly from Miami to London? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Miami to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Miami to London is October, where tickets cost $630 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,132 and $1,050 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Miami to London? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Miami to London, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Miami to London, you should book around 2 weeks before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 68 days before departure. Which airlines fly most frequently between Miami and London? American Airlines connects Miami to London up to 6 flights per day, followed by British Airways (3 flights per day), and Virgin Atlantic (2 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Miami and London? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Miami to London. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Miami to London. They are: American Airlines, British Airways, Norse Atlantic UK and Virgin Atlantic. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Norse Atlantic UK at $186 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Norse Atlantic UK. How many flights are there between Miami and London per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 14 nonstop flights that take off from Miami and land in London, with an average flight time of 8h 36m. The most common departure time is 10:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening, while the most flights land at London Heathrow Airport. Each week, there are 88 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Miami and London? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Miami to London take? The duration of a nonstop flight to London from Miami is typically 8h 25m. The journey crosses a distance of 4,428 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Miami to London? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Miami at 4:55 pm and will be landing in London at 6:45 am. What’s the latest departure time from Miami to London? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Miami to London jets off at 11:45 pm and lands at 1:10 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $158 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 18% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 44% increase in price. Flight from Miami to London Gatwick Airport When to book flights from Miami to London Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Miami to London based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Miami to London Are there on-site hotels at Miami International Airport (MIA)? Yes. If you have an early morning flight from Miami to London, there are several magnificent hotels at or near the airport where you may stay the night, such as the Miami International Airport Hotel and the Hilton Miami Airport Blue Lagoon. Both of these hotels ensure that you are close to the airport and arrive at the terminal on time. Are there car rentals at London Gatwick Airport (LGW)? LGW is home to several car rental providers, so getting around to all of the city's sights is a breeze. You can find the car rental counters in the arrivals area of the airport. Once you've been cleared, the car rental provider staff will show you the way to the parking lot where pickups are made at both the North and South Terminals. Are there family amenities at the Miami International Airport? The terminals at MIA have a variety of age-appropriate play areas for children, making the airport a pleasant experience for families. Climbing structures and interactive games are featured in these kid-friendly spaces. You will find a variety of restaurants in MIA with kid-friendly menus. For parents traveling with young children, MIA provides a nursing room, stroller rentals, and a changing area. What are some eco-friendly airlines flying between Miami and London? On flights from Miami to London, each passenger is responsible for approximately 7421 lbs of carbon dioxide emissions. JetBlue, on the other hand, operates more environmentally friendly flights. They offer single-layover flights that generate 35% less carbon dioxide per passenger per flight when flying on this route. Where are the pet-relief stations at Miami International Airport? At MIA, there are designated areas for pets to relieve themselves. They are located in the Central Terminal Area, close to the American Airlines ticket counter, and on the lower-level arrivals and departures side, opposite Concourses G and H. Each pet relief area has synthetic grass as well as a waste bag dispenser, drinking fountain, and trash can. There are signs directing people to the pet relief areas for easy accessibility. Does Miami International Airport have accessible amenities? Limited mobility Passengers' experiences at MIA are enhanced by the airport's wide range of accessible amenities. The airport has wheelchair-accessible restrooms, escalators, elevators, telephones, ticket kiosks, and gate counters. Private cabs, rental cars, and shuttles are all easily accessible from MIA. Other accessibility features at MIA include captioned phones, Braille signage, and TTY. Should I park at Miami International Airport (MIA)? If you prefer to drive and park, it’s very straightforward. There are two garages, one for each terminal. Valet parking costs around $30 per day, while terminal parking is about $20. Reserve a place in advance with SpotHero, and you’ll even get a discount. If you’re looking for a different option than driving and parking, try the Miami Airport Shuttle. Fares to the airport start at around $20. Is there transportation between London Heathrow Airport (LHR) and Central London? Getting to and from Heathrow is simple. The Heathrow Express train has one-way fares starting at about £20 ($30). Or hop on the Piccadilly line on the famous London Underground. Travel like a local for around £5 ($7.50). Expect to pay anywhere from £40 ($55) and up for a taxi. Which London airport is the best? They are all modern and convenient to navigate, so it depends on what’s best for you. London City Airport (LCY) is loved by business travelers and those flying domestic. London Gatwick (LGW) has few delays relative to Heathrow International, but it’s several miles outside of town. Busy Heathrow (LHR) offers a ton of flight options. What is the travel time between central London and London Gatwick International Airport? Around 30min on the Gatwick Express. Thanks to fewer delays, Gatwick International is a popular airport. It’s also about 30 miles away from London proper. The train departs for London every 15min and costs about £20 ($30). How can I visit other EU cities while in London? Which airport is the best option? London City Airport is a great choice if you have a little extra time to explore other places in the EU. This facility is easy to use and popular among weekend and business travelers. Skip over to Venice for a couple of days and have a trip within a trip. Do I need a passport to fly between Miami and London? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from Miami to London? When flying out of Miami you will be using Miami. You will be landing at one of these airports: London City, London Gatwick, London Heathrow, London Luton, London Southend, or London Stansted. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Miami to London? Iberia, British Airways, American Airlines, and Finnair offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Miami to London flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Miami to London? The Airbus A350-1000 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Miami to London flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Miami to London? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Miami and London, with oneworld being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Miami to London? There are nonstop flights from Miami to London on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Miami to London, JetBlue or Virgin Atlantic? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Miami to London are JetBlue and Virgin Atlantic. With an average price for the route of $1,086 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Virgin Atlantic is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $759 and an overall rating of 8.0. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Miami to London? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Miami to London. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Miami to London? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to London from Miami is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Miami to London? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to London with an airline and back to Miami with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Miami to London? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to London from Miami up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Miami to London Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $165 or less one-way and $396 or less round-trip. British Airways is a suitable option for families flying from Miami to London with children. During flights, this airline provides a variety of kid-friendly entertainment options like movies, games, music, and even kid meals, in addition to its comfy seating. The airline will provide bassinets and give you boarding priority if you are flying with a baby. London City Airport (LCY) offers a wide variety of travel services for customers' ease and comfort. Easily arrange round trips and accommodations with one of the many travel agents present in the arrivals hall. To ensure you have the local currency, there are options for exchanging currencies onsite. At Heathrow Airport (LHR), military personnel and their families are given expedited security screening and free access to the terminal USO lounges. In addition, service members can visit the airport's Military Desk, where they can get help and information specifically tailored to their needs. There are six major airports in the greater London area. London Heathrow International (LHR) has the most flights. Travelers love London Gatwick International (LGW) too. London City Airport (LCY) is the closest to Central London. Located around 30 miles to the south of central London is Gatwick Airport (LGW). Because there isn’t as much traffic here as in Heathrow Airport, Gatwick has fewer delays too, making it a popular choice. Miami International Airport (MIA) is home to a number of fabulous lounges where you can relax and prepare for your flight. Buy your lounge pass online, arrive early for your flight, and get your trip off to a relaxing start. Catch up on sleep during a layover or just relax in privacy until your accommodations in London are ready. From 6am-10pm you can rent a sleeping pod in London Heathrow (LHR) for a minimum of 3h. Pods have Wi-Fi, TV, and showers, and rates start at around £35 ($50) per hour. The aptly named Gatwick Express departs London Gatwick Airport (LGW) every 15min bound for central London. The trip costs around £20 ($30) and takes only 30min. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Miami to London? Find which airlines fly direct from Miami to London, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Miami to London Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +14 more 12 13 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +15 more 13 14 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +14 more 12 13 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +15 more 13 14 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +15 more 13 14 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +15 more 13 14 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +15 more 13 14 See more direct flights Nonstop returns London to Miami Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +12 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +13 more 11 12 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +14 more 12 13 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +13 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +15 more 13 14 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air France, +14 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +15 more 13 14 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Miami to London See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Miami to London. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Miami to London? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19619 reviews 82comfort 83boarding 79entertainment 86crew 78food 82overall Airline reviews Pros: "Crew in the plane was nice!" Cons: "Not charge me to check my bag after Alex said I could have a curtesy Check,"Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Crew in the plane was nice!" Cons: "Not charge me to check my bag after Alex said I could have a curtesy Check," Cons: "Very bumpy flight, live TV was not working, pilot speed was not smooth." Pros: "Crew was courteous. Like the snacks and free drinks." Cons: "If my online check in round trip didn't charge me $60 for one checked bag each way after the online check in stated my bags were included with the fare." Pros: "Everything’s was good" Cons: "The line at the airline was long taking for ever" Pros: "The gate process to boarding was excellent" Cons: "There was broken TVs no running water so no hot beverages no bathrooms on a 2 hour flight and I’m pregnant so that was u comfortable and the flight attendants were not very accommodating or helpful in fact almost boarder line rude if they say something mean but use a nice voice that doesn’t make it acceptable" Pros: "Not applicable since flight changed to direct flight to FLL" Pros: "Excellent Jet Blue experience from Baggage Check in at counter and flight attendants . Very personal ; customer service." Cons: "Nothing; everything very good!" Cons: "First flight was delayed two hours and I missed the second. Overall flight postponed of one day and they didn’t pay any expenses I had" Pros: "The times of the flights, the cost, the legroom" Cons: "The seat was narrow and somehow uncomfortable, perhaps too hard." Pros: "The flight being over" Cons: "Having to sit next to a non-working flight attendant who decided to fly sick, wouldn't even use a tissue, sneezed and coughed over and over and literally sniffled every few seconds for the entire flight. Also, I really enjoyed paying extra for priority boarding and a seat in the front row and ending up with my suitcase right rows back because of inconsiderate people." Missed connecting train since flight was late into Zurich and I had to stay at airport hotel because of it as well as I had to repurchase train ticket Pros: "The airline is top notch and treated you great like it should be." Cons: "The sears where a little tight but not bad and the movie options were ok not great." Pros: "Crew was fantastic" Cons: "Boarding was delayed by 30 minutes. May have been beyond the crew control." Cons: "Swiss does not know how to handle their own problems and hurt passengers in the process." Pros: "I thought my out flight with Lufthansa would be good but it was surpassed by the return flight with Swiss Based on my experience I believe Swiss should be a 5 star airline as well" Cons: "A slight delay" Pros: "The crew was very nice and very good. They served the evening meal very promptly. They could have made another trash run prior to everyone trying to sleep for the night flight." Cons: "The coach seats are narrower than any I have encountered and they are very close to the rows in front and behind. Not comfortable at all." Pros: "Service and food were good considering it was "plane food". No delay whatsoever." Cons: "Black box under the front seat. No room for legs. Seat blocked in lower position, impossible to make it stay in upper position. Entertainment wasn't working good: extremely laggy when it was working ... Seats are way too short. You got the neck support into the upper back ... And I am only 1.80m. Overall, I am done with Swiss until they upgrade their planes. Wifi was 99usd for 220 mo ... what a joke. A 20+yo plane for a such reputated company. There was still the ashtrays inside the restrooms." Pros: "Crew was great. Ice cream was fun. Swiss chocolate was a nice surprise!" Cons: "Short flight with no entertainment, no means to charge devices." Pros: "Paid in advance 45.00 a seat to reserve! Otherwise they assign at Check-in! Still ended up with a standard not premium seats in center. I chose 2 side seats online but plane must have changed. Literally could not move. My travel partner ended up spilling wine on himself primarily due to this and 1/2 size drop down trays. Call button brought no help , had to get up and go retrieve steward in back myself!" Cons: "Comfortability , mediocre service." Pros: "Good food" Cons: "Economy seats in business. Also baby strollers took ages to come out at Heathrow, should have come to the door, but instead came at baggage claim about half an hour after our baggage, so pretty poor service in that aspect" Pros: "Crew are always top notch, free drinks are readily available and entertainment system is great." Cons: "The food portions and quality have definitely declined over the years sadly, as carriers cut costs no doubt." Pros: "Great crew, good in-flight movies. Good food." Cons: "Wifi connectivity was poor for most of the flight. Plane was very hot it was difficult to sleep." Pros: "Amazing crew, excellent drinks and decent food. Very comfortable seat" Cons: "Everything was great" Pros: "Crew was great !!!" Cons: "Seating in upper class is uncomfortable and bedding is not fresh." Pros: "The flight itself was good! The one from London to Delhi was better than from JFK to London" Cons: "I wasn’t told about my baggage were being delivered through different airlines the other day!" Pros: "Food was delicious, consistent timely service and excellent entertainment options onboard. The flight was an hour early!" Pros: "The flight felt so short, service was amazing, food was good. Great overall experience." Pros: "Staff was very friendly, the plane was very clean. Loved the entire trip, except for our uncontrollable weather delay." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Great, friendly, professional crew, clean comfortable plane. Loved that full dinner and baggage and wine was included in an economy class overnight from DC to London as well as breakfast. Best flight in a long time, will definitely fly again." Cons: "the tv screen's touch screen capabilities could use an upgrade, it was a hassle to navigate, not very sensitive to touch." Pros: "Fast boarding and nice staff. Food selection was ok" Cons: "One item missing from menu (unavailable). Issues with entertainment system. Bathrooms lacked moisturiser which is always very helpful on long flights where the air is dry" Pros: "The boarding was great and moved very well. The crew super friendly and helpful." Cons: "More information on how to use the complimentary Wifi in the cabin. I had the app and it helped me but it’s not immediately in front of you so the passenger can decide. You guys offer WiFi in packages and most of the other airlines do not." Pros: "The crew is always smiling and ready to help you and I really like that." Cons: "Plane was late taking off. Crew did not provide water when requested. They were busy with beverages that they could sell at a cost." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They charged me $646 for the flight. And we departed 40 min later. I arrived late to my work. They gave me seat in the back of the plane. Horrible" Pros: "Staff are adept at dealing with these issues but it is a systemic problem." Cons: "Rather than pay luggage fees, people are bringing on their luggage and the flight ALWAYS runs out of space. Suitcases are being moved around right at people heads and more than once I've been hit and seen other people be hit in the head by a suitcase. Getting luggage in place used to be a simple and minor issue, now it occupies much of the time, energy, and attention of the cabin crew as well as the gate crew. I realize this is making money for Delta but the cost is being paid by people being hit in the head with luggage and the crew's unavailability to deal with other issues." Pros: "Great service. Smooth flight. Funny flight attendants. No issues boarding or deplaning." Cons: "Food wasn’t great. What’s new?" Pros: "The take off and landing were very smooth and the crew was nice." Cons: "Crying baby aboard" Pros: "Got to London on-time (early, actually) and safely. The in flight meal was okay. The leg room in comfort plus was great, the mobile app was awesome, and the staff (check-in, gate, cabin and flight deck) were professional and friendly all around." Cons: "The leg room was great, but as a broad-shouldered guy, the width of the seat was miserable. Unfortunately, the Delta 767 doesn't offer any upgrade for a wider seat beyond Delta One, and my employer won't spring for that. Too bad there isn't a premium economy option. Also, the entertainment unit in the seat next to mine malfunctioned, which you wouldn't think would impact me that much except that because it was "seeing" touches randomly throughout the flight, the screen would turn on, off, brighter, dimmer, play random stuff, and just generally be as annoying as possible to everyone nearby throughout an overnight flight." Pros: "More seat room than expected for economy tickets. Good service, on time, polite staff" Cons: "Duty free purchases not waiting for us at boarding like usual. Audio selection on entertainment was v poor" Pros: "It was on time" Cons: "This flight was cramped. Not enough stretching room. Hard seats" Pros: "The crew was attentive" Cons: "The aircraft needs better maintenance. My table was tilted and the seatbelt was twisted" Cons: "Very impressed with Avianca. They have food and free movies/TV on board and a plug for my phone to charge. Boarding was a little crazy since the area was so small and hard to tell where the line was but overall great compared to American Airlines" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The fight got delay. They made me loose my connection and then made me wait 9 hour at the airport just to make a change on my schedule. The people from the Avianca counter in Miami is the worst. Also, when I arrive to Lima, got my luggage an one of them was terrible broken with the things that were inside. Will never use AVIANCA in my life!" Pros: "On time.. great crew and service.. very good flight" Cons: "Not too much leg room.. food was just ok..kind of rough" Pros: "That the flight was on time" Cons: "The food, and they told me I should pick up my baggage at Guayaquil but I had to pick it up in Quito" Pros: "Seating very comfortable and food was very tasty and healthy." Cons: "Took a bit to get the luggage in MDE." Cons: "The food was gross the flight was four hours late. Horrible service" Pros: "Meals are good. The best: 2 baggages" Cons: "Entertainment: few movies available for kids No plug to charge electronic devices." Pros: "A long walk between planes at Bogota airport. I rushed not realizing Bogota was an hour earlier. Typically told the local time in plane after landing.... maybe it was but only in Spanish" Pros: "NOTHING" Cons: "I don’t even know how and where to start.. Avianca has given me issues in the past and I have decided a few more times to give them a chance. Avianca has a culture of rude and “take advantage of people” culture. I went through hell on my last flight. Left us on our connection flight in Cali, Colombia made us (15 passengers) wait for our bus we all had to pickup and carry our luggage’s out to the streets rcause they don’t have enough money to pay for a cart when we were actually in that situation because for them. Next day we were transported (they show up 2 hours later from the promised time) we were transported to the airport to actually catch a flight to another different city to then arrive wait 4 more hours to catch a plane to our final destination... a 3 hours and 45 minutes flight from Miami turned into a 4 different city, hotel and nightmare, luggage’s were broke and everybody turned out to be rude rude rude rude!!!!!!... I am still waiting for my $200 promised Boucher. This is my last time flying with AVIANCA. I am a frequent flyer and have made the decision to fly AA from now On... Actually just purchased a ticket which was actually $100 more than Avianca... nothing like great service and respect towards your clients... I’m also making sure NOBODY flys with AVIANCA." JetBlue8.1 SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Book cheap flights from Miami to London Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Miami to London found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 3/17Sun nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 8h 45mMIA-LGW $158 Search 3/3Sun nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 8h 45mMIA-LGW $164 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 16h 50mMIA-LHR $307 Search 3/10Sun 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 29h 50mMIA-LHR $316 Search 2/2Fri 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 18h 15mMIA-LGW $375 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 15h 10mMIA-LHR $386 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopJetBlue 17h 25mMIA-LHR $410 Search 3/26Tue 1 stopJetBlue 15h 20mMIA-LHR $436 Search 12/17Sun 1 stopAer Lingus 14h 40mMIA-LHR $439 Search 12/20Wed 1 stopAer Lingus 14h 40mMIA-LHR $441 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineNorse Atlantic UKScandinavian AirlinesTAP AIR PORTUGALJetBlueAer Lingus Search by price$160 or less$320 or less$390 or less$440 or less$440 or less Last minute flights from Miami to London Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Miami to London that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 8h 45mMIA-LGW 12/3Sun nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 9h 35mLGW-MIA $441 Search 12/1Fri nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 8h 45mMIA-LGW 12/12Tue nonstopNorse Atlantic UK 9h 35mLGW-MIA $446 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 8h 35mMIA-LHR 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 10mLHR-MIA $654 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 8h 35mMIA-LHR 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 14h 10mLHR-MIA $655 Search 12/1Fri nonstopIberia 8h 45mMIA-LHR 12/6Wed multi-stopIberia 13h 55mLHR-MIA $657 Search 12/1Fri nonstopVirgin Atlantic 8h 25mMIA-LHR 12/4Mon multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 13h 30mLHR-MIA $669 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 18h 27mMIA-LHR 12/6Wed nonstopVirgin Atlantic 10h 20mLHR-MIA $686 Search 12/1Fri nonstopIberia 8h 45mMIA-LHR 12/14Thu multi-stopIberia 14h 10mLHR-MIA $863 Search 12/1Fri nonstopBritish Airways 8h 35mMIA-LHR 12/14Thu nonstopBritish Airways 10h 00mLHR-MIA $890 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 12h 10mMIA-LHR 12/4Mon nonstopBritish Airways 9h 55mLHR-MIA $918 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineNorse Atlantic UKAmerican AirlinesIberiaVirgin AtlanticBritish Airways Search by price$450 or less$660 or less$670 or less$860 or less$920 or less Miami - London Flights Departure: Miami (MIA)United States Return flight deals: London - Miami Cabin classes: First Class flights to London $2,639 Business Class flights to London $914 Prem Econ Class flights to London $237 Economy Class flights to London Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Miami $433Flights from Miami to London Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » United Kingdom » England » London $623Flights to London City Airport, London $433Flights to London Gatwick Airport, London $427Flights to London Heathrow Airport, London $513Flights to London Luton Airport, London $867Flights to London Southend Airport, London $525Flights to London Stansted Airport, London View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Philadelphia Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Ontario Flights to Charlotte Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search London flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to London from Miami. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to London from Miami. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.