Cheap Flights from Baltimore to Florida from $29 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Baltimore to Florida from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Florida ...and more Latest Florida Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULAROrlando From Baltimore Nonstop from $38 Search Flights Miami From Baltimore Nonstop from $58 Search Flights Fort Lauderdale From Baltimore 1 stop from $65 Search Flights Tampa From Baltimore Nonstop from $38 Search Flights Fort Myers From Baltimore 1 stop from $89 Search Flights Jacksonville From Baltimore 2+ stops from $203 Search Flights Good to know Low season September High season April Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 16% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 10% increase in price. Flight from Baltimore to Miami FAQs - booking Florida flights How do you connect from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) to the city center? The most affordable and convenient way to get from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport to the city center is through bus line 150. From the airport, the bus travels to the city center in about 50 minutes. However, if you want to travel from the airport to the city center as quickly as possible, think about taking a taxi. The taxi ride from the airport to the city center in light traffic takes about 30 minutes. Where can I relax as I wait for my flight from Baltimore to Florida? There are several lounges at Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI) where you can rest ahead of your voyage to Florida. The Club BWI lies in the Main Terminal, Concourse D (Inside Security). The suite is open to any guest regardless of the airline or class they are flying, as long as they pay for a day pass. If you are an active member of the military, you can use the USO lounge located in the main Terminal, outside security. What are some of the special services available on flights from Baltimore to Florida? One of the services you can count on from flights to Florida from Baltimore is mobility assistance for those with reduced mobility and those with impaired vision. All airlines at BWI and FLL deploy their staff to various areas of the airport to help people who require mobility assistance. Make sure to contact your airline at least 48 hours before your arrival at the airport to facilitate acquiring these services. Can I travel with my pet to Florida from Baltimore? Yes. From Baltimore to Florida, taking your pet along is quite convenient. You can take your pet to the pet relief zones in Concourses D and E at Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport before getting onto the plane. When you arrive in Florida, you will also find a pet relief area at FLL in Terminal 1 on Concourse A. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Baltimore to Florida? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Baltimore to Florida. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Baltimore to Florida? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Florida from Baltimore is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Baltimore to Florida? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Florida with an airline and back to Baltimore with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Baltimore to Florida? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Florida from Baltimore up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Florida Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Baltimore to the following destinations at these prices or less: Fort Lauderdale $57 one-way - $141 round-trip; Orlando $38 one-way - $74 round-trip; Miami $44 one-way - $103 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be March and April. The cheapest month to fly from Baltimore is September. Morning departure is around 4% cheaper than an evening flight, on average*. Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI) serves as the primary airport of departure for flights from Baltimore to Florida. You have the option of taking a taxi or the public transportation system to get to BWI from downtown Baltimore. While a taxi takes roughly 18 minutes to get from downtown Baltimore to the airport, the bus takes about 35 minutes. Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) and Miami International Airport (MIA) serve as the primary arriving airports for the majority of flights from Baltimore. These two airports are proud to offer a wide range of transportation choices, which makes it simpler for visitors to connect from the airport to numerous Florida locations. You have a better chance of finding lower airline fares if you select a less-traveled flight route, such as one that leaves from BWI and lands at either Southwest Florida International Airport (RSW) or Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport (ECP). Additionally, if you choose to land at St Augustine Airport (UST), which is less popular arrival airport in Florida, you will appreciate shorter lines at security checks and baggage claim facilities. Consider choosing JetBlue or Delta Airlines if you're taking a flight from Baltimore to Florida with your kids. The two airlines stand out as having the greatest additional legroom and spacious seats when compared to the other airlines that fly this route. You and your children will therefore be able to travel the entire distance with greater comfort. If you want to enjoy self-drive from the airport to your destination, make sure to check on car rental availability while making your flight reservation from Baltimore to Florida. If you arrive at FLL, Hertz, Avis, Enterprise, or Budget have counters inside the on-site car rental facility, making the process of picking up your rental car hassle-free. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Baltimore to FloridaNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Baltimore to Florida? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 7.9 DeltaOverall score based on 29954 reviews 75food 81overall 85crew 78comfort 78entertainment 81boarding Airline reviews Cons: "The crew was overly aggressive with mask policy enforcement. They patrolled the aisles and routine pointed at passengers directing them in a hostile manner to keep their masks on their faces, even when they were trying to eat or drink. They also threatened customers by stating it was a federal law several times. It was very uncomfortable to say the least. I will not fly delta again by choice."Read more about Delta Cons: "The crew was overly aggressive with mask policy enforcement. They patrolled the aisles and routine pointed at passengers directing them in a hostile manner to keep their masks on their faces, even when they were trying to eat or drink. They also threatened customers by stating it was a federal law several times. It was very uncomfortable to say the least. I will not fly delta again by choice." Pros: "Crew was friendly and engaging" Cons: "I wiped down my seat area to clean it. It would be nice to know what Delta is doing as well." Pros: "Crew was very friendly" Cons: "the seats are horribly squished and uncomfortable. It’s the only thing that makes the flight not excellent" Pros: "No comments" Cons: "Cleaners had not done a great job. There were paper napkins left over in the seat pocket from earlier flight." Cons: "Crew was grouchy and rushed past you without really trying to cater to your needs/ get you what you want." Pros: "Efficient, cheerful crew" Cons: "Stop making seats smaller! The added revenue from 10 squeezed seats is not worth the discomfort it causes." Pros: "I got to board early because I volunteered to check my carry-on. Very friendly flight attendants. Love flying delta. They are always consistent and the movies they offer with the gogo in-flight app are always updated and recently released popular movies." Pros: "Even though the flight was delayed by a few minutes we still arrived on time." Pros: "The crew was wonderful, the flight was on time." Cons: "But the seats are so tight that we were definitely elbow to elbow and once seated I was unable to access even the purse that was at my feet. There was no entertainment and the tray table was tiny, not even an indentation for a cup!" Pros: "Smooth flight, on-tome departure" Cons: "Service in business class left a little more to be desired. I had to ask for food and drinks, because I feel off to sleep in the first round. Came to Gate early, but had to wait for agent to put the jet bridge. Only one person was available." Cons: "Super cramped rows. No leg room at all. Delayed awaiting takeoff." Pros: "Crew was nice, especially the AE crew" Cons: "No delays, there were 4, communication via text was nice, but a reason why so many delays would’ve been nice" Cons: "Lots of delays and sometimes confusing communications from the airlines about departure times." Cons: "Seat wasn’t comfortable and the on flight entertainment didn’t work. AA in flight WiFi kept giving error messages" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "You were late per usual. I wouldn’t have a job if I operated like you. It would be nice if there was some accountability" Pros: "Crew fine. Plane ok. Legroom better than usual." Cons: "Re-routed mid flight and forced delays. AA has been awful all holiday weekend." Pros: "MIA to EZE we got the priority seats and it was worth the extra expense." Cons: "Honoring paid reservations. Our flight was cancelled and rescheduled 4 times within the last few days. Communication. No one emailed me or called me to give me options or to even tell me they were kicking me out" Cons: "British Airways but the flights were operated by American Airlines who I've always had terrible experiences with. This was no different. TOTAL NIGHTMARE" Cons: "When I made the reservation the code indicated that we would be able to purchase food on the flight. When I asked, the flight attendant said, nope, only choice is a pack of two cookies. We were starving on the 3.5 hour flight." Pros: "Very helpful crew." Cons: "Too often the video screen I’m given doesn’t charge up and it has to be replaced mid flight. This happened again during this flight when 2 screens didn’t charge and had to be replaced before the movie ended. The crew was helpful, but this problem is annoying." Pros: "The crew in first class was amazing. Friendly and helpful." Cons: "Vegetarian food on first." Pros: "Boarding was great" Cons: "Inflight Services was horrific and my stuff was damaged in my luggage." Pros: "What flight are you talking about!? Airlines had NO SUCH FLIGHT! This household became very upset over some surprise obligation!" Cons: "The turmoil of your false alarm!" Pros: "The sleeper seats. Flight attendants" Cons: "Temperature during the entire flight was too cold! Food was not great for a first class flight!" Pros: "Arrived early. Airline offered free bag checking when plane looked full" Cons: "Size restriction on personal item was smaller than other airlines, causing me to use a smaller backpack than I would have prefered." Cons: "Heading from BWI to Newark to Boston on 9/29 on United. There were delays at Newark airport which lasted about an hour, and meant that we would be super tight getting in for our connecting flight. We had been told ahead of the departure of the delayed flight that there would be someone on the ground at Newark monitoring the delayed connecting flights, in case a flight needed to be held. Well, we actually landed about 15 minutes before our connecting flight was due to take off. However, we quickly found out that not only were the gates closed early, but the flight tracker was showing the flight had actually left early. There was clearly no communication between on the ground crews, and everyone working at the airport once we landed seemed confused about the situation. By the time we got within eyeshot of our gate, the gate agents were telling us that the Boston flight was already closed. This meant that no one was even monitoring the situation for us, and that they made no effort to hold the plane for the five of us who were supposed to be on that flight. Additionally, that was the last flight to Boston from Newark, so they literally didn't give one iota of care for our situation. I had a 10am wedding to attend that next day, and even after telling the agent this information she still asked me whether I wanted to get on a 10:38am flight to Boston, which made exactly zero sense. After all of this, she ended up getting me on a flight into manchester (that flight had been delayed for 3 hours by this time, and was delayed again after I was booked on it) which landed at 1:24am, a full two hours and some change after I would have landed in Boston, and a full hour away from Boston. Luckily, my boyfriend had his car and was able to pick me up. I finally got to Boston around 2:45am. My suggestion to the airport crews is to actually communicate when you have issues like this. It wasn't our fault, but we were greatly inconvenienced and they did not make an effort to prevent the situation at all. Adding to this, our pilot for that first flight told us that the reason for the first delay was that Newark was congested with too many flights into and out of the airport. THAT is entirely their fault for not being able to properly gauge their own capacity and should not have ended up inconveniencing passengers! I end all this with an additional inconvenience- when I arrived for my flight on Sunday at 4:40am for a 5:55am flight back to DC, I was told that my return flight had been CANCELED. Somehow, in rebooking me on the flight to Manchester. So I had to spend 30 minutes on the phone with United to get that fixed at 5 in the morning and nearly missed my return flight due to crew incompetence as well." Pros: "Both flight were delayed and I had to reschedule my flights and miss my arrangements." Cons: "It looks like that there is no respect for Time ." Pros: "Despite delay, pilot made up time in air and we made our connection in Denver. Advice to download United app for free entertainment ahead of takeoff meant we didn't miss the chance to offer movies to our kids on flight. In-flight crew was incredibly friendly/helpful." Cons: "Gate attendant was INCREDIBLY unfriendly - made no eye contact or completely ignored our verbal greetings/thanks during early boarding w/ our young child. Delayed an hour out of Baltimore, we were worried we'd miss our connection." Pros: "Not much" Cons: "Baltimore to SF was delayed 30 min too Service need to improve" Pros: "The staff was courteous and polite and went the extra mile to ensure my flight was enjoyable." Beware that when flying into Atlanta with Frontier, you will wait for your checked bag for a full hour after arriving at the gate! Do NOT recommend Frontier if Atlanta is your final destination! Pros: "Nothing about the experience was enjoyable for a short duration flight." Cons: "The crew was very rude and not informative towards a full flight of passengers that were stuck on the runway for about over an hour. It could have been handled properly , the crew was not professional at all and I was completely in shock how unhelpful they were in a crazy situation ." Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Social distancing guidelines should be applied on plane. Rather than leave 20+ seats empty, and cram everyone 6 to a row. Flight was over 2 hours delayed due to not having maintenance staff available. And then I was crammed in next to an oversized individual where we couldn’t even keep the armrest down." Cons: "Less crying screaming babies and a young boy banging the back of seat. And his rude mother denying his unruly behavior." Pros: "The legroom we paid for." Cons: "This time the attendant still wouldn’t let anyone in rows 2 & 3 place the carry on they had paid extra for in the overhead bins, but she didn’t make me put it under the seat in front of me (this losing the extra leg room we paid for), so I put it in a bin behind me. The plane was late, but the pilot made up most of the time, but then it took 55 minutes to get our luggage." Pros: "The crew was great. In a good mood and accommodated my requests. (For complimentary water and a trading card to remember my trip)" Cons: "Seat was awfully uncomfortable. I’m only a slim built 5’9” woman and my knees were indenting the next seatback. And the aisle was too busy for me but that could have been fixed with paying for a window. I do not recommend flying in these economy seats for any longer than 2.5 hours." Pros: "Very fast quick convenient budgeted flight serviced by great courteous staff." Cons: "Retirees from military don't get free baggage or discount for baggage." Pros: "The crew on this flight were genuine in their comments dealings with the passengers. They were helpful and seemed happy to be there and anxious to make our flight a comfortable one." Cons: "Could not hear the boarding instructions given inside the terminal at the gate. Rep spoke too softly and quickly and the tv in our area was too loud to hear over it. It would have helped to have the tv mute when the boarding instructions were being given." Pros: "Great crew, landed 20 minutes early!" Cons: "Seats are too close together and not enough legroom for tall people!" Cons: "I didn't like the fact that my husband and I had to pay $13 each for a seat over and above the price of the ticket. I didn't like that you paid almost $3 for a cold drink or a package of snacks and also give a tip and on our return trip they came around twice $45 for one suitcase going and $35 coming back. You might say we had sticker shock Rosaleen" Pros: "Literally nothing." Cons: "I was told my flight was delayed at 3:40am the morning of my 11:00am flight. My flight was delayed 3 different times. I live far from the airport I flew out of so this was a large inconvenience. We were never even told why the flight was being delayed. My entire 5 hour stay at the airport we were never updated once on the staus of our flight. I was also charged over $100 for just my bags and my seat. $45 for a carry on bag is ridiculous. I paid more for my seat and bag than I did for my actual ticket. Paying $13 to sit in the very last row is stupid. I will never be flying with Spirit ever again. Legitimate robbery. The website and app were also slow and hard to operate." Pros: "If you’re traveling light and you understand their fees, it’s easily the cheapest flight you can get. Maybe not the best airline for all your travel needs, but awesome for a quick weekend." Cons: "Delays and more delays. 3.5 hours delay boarding. Had us get on plane after first delay, then announced there was no crew and we had to get back off. Nothing is included. Carry on $55, soda or juice $3. Not comfortable. The plane sounded like it was about to fall apart when we landed. Worried for my flight home." Pros: "The price" Cons: "I went to check in and the kiosk wasn’t working for anyone!! But they wouldn’t let you get agent assistance without going to the kiosk first. There were only 2 agents working behind the counter, and 3 walking around. The 3 walking around wouldn’t answer any questions. I was supposed to be tsa-pre check. it said it in the system but wouldn’t print on my ticket. She didn’t try very hard and told me to just explain it to the tsa agent. Riiiight, like they would believe me! They didn’t. The crew on the plane were fine. The seats are horribly uncomfortable, but again you get what you pay for." Cons: "Dirty Seat doesn’t recline Seat doesn’t have head support on sides No movies No phone charger Small food tray Poor food choice No free water" Cons: "The seats are super cramped. It would be been nice to at least get some water for free." Pros: "The fact we didn't sit on the plane for an hour after boarding on time so they can kick people off the plane for over booking like they did on the way back." Cons: "I got an email at 8am saying my flight could be delayed but should show up on time. My flight was at 4:55pm so great start there. So I show up an hour and a half ahead of boarding, which is on the latter side for me. Security lines weren't very long, they just took their time which wasted everyone else's. I get through that line, look at the departure board - wait IT'S ON TIME?! They start boarding soon if it's on time and it's a further gate so I run down there and guess what? Delayed an hour. Okay, that's fine. Go grab something to eat, come back, settle in for a little bit, board - on my sweet way. Go grab some food quickly, come back - another hour delay? What the heck? I must've missed an announcement. Guess I should plug in my phone for the wait, I expected to meet some friends and potential clients layer that night, communication is key. I misplaced my charger, no big deal just went and got one of those power rods (highly recommend) and come back - ANOTHER HOUR?! That's pretty insane. One of my friends flying from Dallas that departed at 7:30 could be up in the air before I am. Step aside, give him a call to update, call potential clients letting them know I will be delayed getting there. No issue. Turn around - my goodness well what do you know, another hour! At this rate I call my hotel, because I can't lose my reservation if I can't check in on time. Hotel was the waterfront crowne plaza (another highly recommended item in this review by me). I plant in my seat, set my roots, meet a few nice people. Figuring I'd kill some time by meeting some great people. Met a family from Detroit and got some awesome food recommendations. Randomly over the speaker - we have another delay - another HOUR delay. Well this is just turning into a horror story, will I ever get there? Should I request a new flight? My buddy in Dallas departed 3+ hours after I was supposed to, and was up in the air already (he landed before me too). At this rate I cancel my meeting. We board, we take off, we land. Woman sitting next to me was nice. Plane didn't crash. Just landed in Detroit about 7+ hours later than expected. All in all, don't take spirit. Looking at prices they are the cheapest, not by a huge margin though. Pay the extra 70 or so dollars to take another airline. Even if it's $150 dollars more, take the other airline. They want to charge you 65 dollars for a carry-on. Their website was created by a 12 year old. Simply getting your boarding pass includes cross and up sells that make the process 10x more frustrating, especially when you know what you're dealing with on the second flight back. (By the way spirit if you can read this I'm a consultant for advertising, digital media, and UI for e-commerce - I can help you with your terrible website and the offers that come along with it) Just take the other airline, any other. It won't save you money most likely, but it will save you a lot of headaches, time, and embarrassment." Cons: "Someone from flight network called me the day before my trip asking for personal information. I hung up on him." Cons: "It cost us over $200 extra to take carry ons. I didn't read this in the fine print. $59 each carry on! Each way!" Cons: "The customer service representatives were extremely unhelpful and showed zero interest in assisting with customer request. I will never fly with Spirit Airlines again" Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Baltimore to Florida Recent one-way flight deals 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 52mBWI-MIA $29 Search 2/14Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 28mBWI-TPA $29 Search 1/7Sun nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 32mBWI-MCO $29 Search 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 52mBWI-MIA $30 Search 2/15Thu nonstopAmerican Airlines 2h 53mBWI-MIA $75 Search 1/10Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 49mBWI-PBI $92 Search 3/6Wed 1 stopDelta 5h 37mBWI-MIA $99 Search 1/7Sun 1 stopDelta 5h 09mBWI-PBI $99 Search 2/22Thu 1 stopUnited Airlines 7h 29mBWI-PBI $160 Search 1/27Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 10h 03mBWI-PBI $164 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$90 or less$100 or less$160 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 12/12Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 28mBWI-TPA 12/16Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 20mTPA-BWI $39 Search 12/16Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 40mBWI-MCO 12/20Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 22mMCO-BWI $39 Search 1/18Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 36mBWI-MCO 1/18Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 19mMCO-BWI $43 Search 1/18Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 33mBWI-TPA 1/18Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 16mTPA-BWI $48 Search 1/20Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 57mBWI-PBI 3/6Wed 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 35mPBI-BWI $184 Search 1/16Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 33mBWI-PBI 1/21Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 33mPBI-BWI $194 Search 1/25Thu 1 stopDelta 6h 27mBWI-PBI 1/29Mon 1 stopDelta 4h 23mPBI-BWI $197 Search 12/19Tue 1 stopDelta 5h 01mBWI-PBI 1/5Fri 1 stopDelta 7h 01mPBI-BWI $222 Search 1/20Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 7h 27mBWI-PBI 1/23Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 53mPBI-BWI $319 Search 1/20Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 6h 21mBWI-JAX 1/23Tue 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 33mJAX-BWI $319 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$50 or less$190 or less$220 or less$320 or less Last minute flights from Baltimore to Florida Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 28mBWI-TPA 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 22mTPA-BWI $62 Search 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 28mBWI-TPA 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 22mTPA-BWI $63 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 53mBWI-MIA 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 53mMIA-BWI $68 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 53mBWI-MIA 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 51mMIA-BWI $73 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 25mBWI-TPA 3/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 01mTPA-BWI $428 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 01mBWI-PBI 12/19Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 34mPBI-BWI $458 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 5h 36mBWI-JAX 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 5h 47mJAX-BWI $481 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 14mBWI-RSW 12/9Sat multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 29mRSW-BWI $511 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 12h 35mBWI-PBI 12/19Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 9h 05mPBI-BWI $523 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 4h 25mBWI-RSW 12/8Fri multi-stopDelta 5h 05mRSW-BWI $561 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$60 or less$70 or less$460 or less$510 or less$560 or less Baltimore - Florida Flights Departure: Baltimore (BWI)United States Return flight deals: Florida - Baltimore Cabin classes: $917 First Class flights to Florida $1,006 Business Class flights to Florida $891 Prem Econ Class flights to Florida $38 Economy Class flights to Florida Browse origins: Flights » United States » Maryland » Baltimore $35Flights from Baltimore to Florida Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida Flights to Cape Canaveral, Florida $35Flights to Clearwater Beach, Florida Flights to Cocoa Beach, Florida $277Flights to Daytona Beach, Florida $56Flights to Florida Keys, Florida $65Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Florida $89Flights to Fort Myers, Florida $195Flights to Fort Walton Beach, Florida $267Flights to Gainesville, Florida $203Flights to Jacksonville, Florida $174Flights to Key West, Florida Flights to Kissimmee, Florida $297Flights to Melbourne, Florida, Florida $56Flights to Miami, Florida Flights to New Smyrna Beach, Florida Flights to Ocala, Florida $35Flights to Orlando, Florida $197Flights to Panama City, Florida, Florida $80Flights to Pensacola, Florida $65Flights to Port St. Lucie, Florida $83Flights to Sarasota, Florida $281Flights to Tallahassee, Florida $35Flights to Tampa, Florida $283Flights to Tampa, Florida $195Flights to Valparaiso, Florida, Florida Flights to Vero Beach, Florida $165Flights to West Palm Beach, Florida View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Florida flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Florida from Baltimore. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Florida from Baltimore. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.