Cheap Flights from Portland to Denver from $37 | (PDX - DEN) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW PDX - DEN Find cheap flights from Portland to Denver from $37 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/13. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Denver These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Portland to Denver, as well as popular online travel agencies ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Portland to Denver, as well as popular online travel agencies How much is the cheapest flight from Portland to Denver?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Portland to Denver that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 6:15 am - 9:50 amPDX-DEN 2h 35mnonstop 11:00 am - 12:59 pmDEN-PDX 2h 59mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Wed, Mar 6 6:15 am - 9:50 amPDX-DEN 2h 35mnonstop 11:26 am - 1:25 pmDEN-PDX 2h 59mnonstop $68Frontier Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Sun, Mar 3 12:59 am - 4:23 amPDX-DEN 2h 24mnonstop 11:47 am - 4:20 pmDEN-PDX 5h 33m1 stop $72 Find Deal Tue, Jan 2 - Tue, Jan 9 7:40 pm - 10:46 amPDX-DEN 14h 06m1 stop 11:40 am - 11:42 pmDEN-PDX 13h 02m1 stop $80Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Mon, Jan 8 7:40 pm - 10:46 amPDX-DEN 14h 06m1 stop 11:47 am - 10:17 pmDEN-PDX 11h 30m1 stop $106Spirit Airlines Find Deal Mon, Dec 18 - Tue, Dec 19 1:50 pm - 5:34 pmPDX-DEN 2h 44mnonstop 6:23 pm - 8:20 pmDEN-PDX 2h 57mnonstop $108Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Sat, Dec 16 1:50 pm - 5:34 pmPDX-DEN 2h 44mnonstop 6:23 pm - 8:20 pmDEN-PDX 2h 57mnonstop $118Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Mon, Dec 18 3:29 pm - 11:42 pmPDX-DEN 7h 13m1 stop 5:20 am - 9:16 amDEN-PDX 4h 56m1 stop $197Delta Find Deal Sat, Dec 16 - Fri, Jan 5 5:45 pm - 11:19 pmPDX-DEN 4h 34m1 stop 6:15 am - 8:42 pmDEN-PDX 15h 27m1 stop $201Delta Find Deal Tue, Mar 5 - Sat, Mar 9 5:00 am - 8:31 amPDX-DEN 2h 31mnonstop 7:45 am - 9:40 amDEN-PDX 2h 55mnonstop $218United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 2 - Tue, Jan 9 Show more results Flights from Portland to Denver - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Portland to Denver to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Portland to Denver? The average price of all flights from Portland to Denver clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Denver on a Wednesday and more expensive on a Sunday. On your return trip to Portland, you should consider flying back on a Saturday, and avoid Sundays for better deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from Portland to Denver? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Portland to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Portland to Denver is September, where tickets cost $141 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $323 and $302 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Portland to Denver? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Portland to Denver, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Portland to Denver, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 86 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Portland to Denver? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Portland to Denver found on KAYAK was with Spirit Airlines for $37. Frontier proposed a round-trip connection from $58 and Spirit Airlines from $80. Which airlines fly non-stop between Portland and Denver? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Portland to Denver. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Portland to Denver. They are: Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Southwest and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $45 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Portland and Denver per day? Each day, there are between 7 and 11 nonstop flights that take off from Portland and land in Denver, with an average flight time of 2h 29m. The most common departure time is 1:00 pm and most flights take off in the afternoon. Each week, there are 65 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Portland and Denver? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Portland to Denver take? Nonstop flights from Portland generally make it to Denver in 2h 24m. The flying distance between the two cities is 989 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Portland to Denver? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Portland at 12:56 am and will be landing in Denver at 4:20 am. What’s the latest departure time from Portland to Denver? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Portland to Denver jets off at 9:50 pm and lands at 1:15 am. Good to know Low season January High season August Cheapest flight $37 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 23% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 16% lower on average. Flight from Portland to Denver When to book flights from Portland to Denver Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Portland to Denver based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Portland to Denver What are the public transportation options from Denver Airport? You can take the A Line commuter train which operates from DEN to Denver Union Station in downtown. The train runs every 30 minutres or 15 minutes during peak hours. Also, you can use the public bus service from DEN to the metro area. The buses leave every 15 minutes and bus attendants can help unload your baggage at the airport. What family services are available at Portland Airport (PDX)? There are several services at PDX to help traveling families enjoy their airport experience. You can use the family restrooms near Gates D1, A2, and C3. Also, there are changing stations located in all PDX restrooms. The kid's play area is located near gate D7 in Concourse D. For nursing mothers, find a nursing room between gates 5-6 on the concourse Level. What lounges are available at Denver International Airport? There is United Club near Gate B30 which offers various amenities, including comfortable seating, complimentary food & beverages, and Wi-Fi. There is also the Delta Sky Club in Pedestrian Bridge Y Junction. The American Airlines Admirals Club is located near the A Gates Bridge which serves American Airlines passengers. Where is the rental car center at Denver International Airport? DEN features more than 10 popular car rental brands right at the airport. To access the car rental center, board a courtesy shuttle from Jeppesen Terminal and follow the signs to your preferred rental car company. A representative will guide you to your rental. Where can I spend some time relaxing before flying out of Portland? You can enjoy some comfort and quiet time while waiting for your flight at Portland International Airport (PDX). Book a tech-equipped Escape Pod located in the terminals to escape the terminal's noise from the hurried activity. Some of the services to enjoy here are Wi-Fi access and comfortable seating. Where are the pet-relief stations at Portland Airport (PDX)? If you're traveling with your furry friend, you will be glad to know that PDX offers several pet relief areas inside and outside the terminals. The post-security relief areas are found on Concourse C and those outside the terminals are found after the baggage claim level next to MAX Light Rail. Your pet needs to be leashed inside and outside the pet relief area. Your airline will specify any policies associated with traveling with a pet to Denver. Are there nonstop flights from Portland, Oregon to Denver, Colorado? You can get non-stop flights from Portland to Denver. Among the most popular airlines that fly this route include Southwest Airlines, Frontier Airlines, and United Airlines. All these offer daily non-stop flights and have the fastest way to travel from Portland to Denver. What’s the best way to travel to Portland International Airport (PDX)? The light rail offers an affordable way to get to the airport from Downtown Portland. You can also use a taxi or request an Uber. Also, Portland is a bicycle-loving city, so you can ride your bicycle to the airport. Are there lounges for passengers at the Denver International Airport (DEN)? You can book some time in a lounge at the airport. Most airlines offer a day pass that will allow you to relax in one of their lounges. Can I find restaurants at the Denver International Airport (DEN)? There are several restaurants you can visit at the Denver International Airport. You’ll find these restaurants on Concourse A, B, and C. There are all types of culinary options, from steakhouses to gluten-free menus. For a quick bite, there are McDonald's and Burger King in Concourse A and the Jeppesen Terminal, respectively. Which airport facilities are available at Denver International Airport (DEN)? Denver International Airport offers different services to ease your travel. These include nursing rooms, a smoking den, water bottle filling stations, free WiFi, religious facilities at Jeppesen Terminal, and pet relief areas. Are there hotels located inside the Denver International Airport (DEN)? The closest hotels are within 10 miles of the airport. Most nearby hotels offer shuttle service, so you can book a room if you need a place to stay when you arrive in Denver. Do I need a passport to fly between Portland and Denver? No, a passport isn't needed to fly from Portland to Denver. However, local authorities might ask for an official ID. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Portland to Denver? Alaska Airlines, Delta, American Airlines, and JetBlue offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Portland to Denver flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Portland to Denver? The Airbus A320-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Portland to Denver flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Portland to Denver? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Portland and Denver, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Portland to Denver? There are nonstop flights from Portland to Denver on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Portland to Denver, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Portland to Denver are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $211 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $276 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Portland to Denver? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Portland to Denver. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Portland to Denver? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Denver from Portland is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Portland to Denver? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Denver with an airline and back to Portland with another airline. Booking your flights between Portland and DEN can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Portland to Denver? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Denver from Portland up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from PDX to Denver Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $90 or less one-way and $158 or less round-trip. If you like exploring multiple destinations in one trip, a journey from Portland to Denver is perfect for you. Several airlines feature up to three layovers before reaching Denver. Fly Sun Country Air, Spirit Airlines, United Airlines, or Alaska Airlines and enjoy a layover at Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl (LAS) or Minneapolis St. Paul (MSP). Most airlines on this route have embarked on eco-friendly travel. No wonder, the emissions of carbon dioxide only falls under 2204 lb on average per person. To further bring the emissions down, we recommend flying Frontier, United Airlines, or Alaska Airlines which can help reduce the emissions by over 40%. Getting to PDX is seamless with the MAX light-rail train. The train at the Portland Airport is located a few miles from the city. The train trip from downtown to Portland Airport takes around 40 minutes. The trains run through downtown about every 15 minutes daily. Portland offers several airports you can use to travel to other cities in the US or abroad. The Portland International Airport (PDX) is the main airport, open 24/7. It’s easy to access the Portland International Airport. You can drive your car and leave it at their convenient parking facilities, or you can use executive cars, train service, shuttles, or taxis that serve the airport. If you’re waiting for the flight and looking for some ideas at the Portland International Airport, you can catch a movie at the nonprofit Hollywood Theater, which plays short films by local filmmakers. For arrivals in Denver, you can use the Denver International Airport (DEN). The airport is a suitable option if you’re traveling to metropolitan Denver or the greater Front Range Urban Corridor. From the Denver International Airport, you can travel to Downtown Denver using the RTD Rail A-Line or the bus system. Also, you can rent a car or find a taxi. Many hotels around Denver offer shuttle service to and from Denver International Airport, and there are over 10 rental car companies to help you get around. If you’re tense when you arrive at the Denver International Airport, you can get massage treatment at Concourses A and B and the Xpress Spa in Concourse C. The Denver International Airport offers the Interfaith Chapel and the Islamic Prayer Hall, which allow you quiet time for prayers. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Portland to Denver Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Portland to Denver Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Portland to Denver Intl Search Flights Monday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Friday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Denver Intl to Portland Search Flights Monday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Tuesday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Wednesday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Thursday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Friday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Saturday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 Sunday Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, Frontier, +3 more Alaska Airlines, Copa Airlines, +4 more 2 3 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Portland to Denver See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Portland to Denver. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Portland to Denver? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 82comfort 78entertainment 85boarding 79food 85overall 88crew Airline reviews Pros: "I like the new regional jets. Super good experience overall."Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "I like the new regional jets. Super good experience overall." Cons: "Limited options of entertainment for a 10.5 hour flight. I was happy that I downloaded a lot of content on my devices before my trip. Everything on the flight had a purchase option but got rather spendy to get headphones, entertainment, additional food & drink." Pros: "Flight was ok." Cons: "They took away our seats and then gave us new ones but we were separated. My son is 2 and I was t able to sit with him and my wife." Pros: "Crew was so accommodating! Excellent service and personality. Smooth easy flight" Cons: "I was in 1st class and they ran out of breakfast options." Pros: "We left on time and arrived early with a smooth landing" Pros: "Everything went smoothly. Flight didn’t include food or entertainment." Pros: "I was so impressed with the genuine kindness and caring of the crew." Pros: "Employees were pleasant, not overcrowded. Plenty of leg room" Cons: "We were skipped for snacks and I waited for a drink of anything! No entertainment of any kind!" Cons: "That there wasn’t anyone to meet us at the gate and we had to wait on the plane." Pros: "Delta is doing a great job keeping everything calm and clean during this pandemic!" Cons: "Wouldn’t change a thing! I don’t always fly! But when I do!! I fly delta!!" Pros: "The staff at Delta are always friendly and helpful and they were able to squeeze me onto a very full flight." Cons: "My flight was delayed almost 3 hours. Not good. Once in the air it was fine." Pros: "The crew on the airplane was great. We had 2.5 hours turbulences but the crew started to give out drinks as soon they got the ok from the pilot" Cons: "We went in LGA to the Baggage drop off and the employee there was super rude. On the flight to New York with Delta we had to check our carry ons at the gate because it wasn't enough room for bags in the airplane.so we asked when we checked our one suitcase if we can/should check our carry ons to avoid having to do it at the gate. The delta employee told me sure no problem. He checks in my one suitcase I purchased gives me the tracking paper and says ok have a good flight. I asked him so what is with our carry ons and he told us that that would cost 25$ and we can't check those in at the drop off?!?We ended up taking the carry ons with to the gate and then off course there wasn't enough room on the airplane that we had to check it in. And surprise it was free?? We had never issues with Lufthansa, icelandair etc. with checking our bags at drop off to not needing to carry it around and than still end up to check it at the airplane. Every airline has been more than happy that we volunteer to check our bags that they don't have the trouble at the gate." Pros: "We boarded close to on time, no hassles. Allowed my husband and me (retired military) to board early, thank you." Cons: "LAX security is awful. We never left the airport (arrived LAX from Sydney AU) yet were forced thru security again. Had to remove shoes, was scanned and "frisked" by TSA to get to Denver. To go to Australia, Denver TSA waived the removal of shoes, skipped the scan for the metal detector and no one touched me, ditto for LAX on the trip to Sydney. Where's the uniformity or standards for TSA?? Why did I have to be subjected to this garbage on the way home?? This is why I despise flying. It makes no sense to me. This ruined what was a great vacation." Pros: "Free drinks and snacks - great entertainment system (please read this Frontier)!" Cons: "Boarding process was agonizingly slow and ineffective" Pros: "It got me home, eventually." Cons: "Poor communication, a 6 hour delay followed by a 7 hour layover (during which we had to sleep on an airport floor because Delta couldn't offer us any hotel vouchers). Gate agents disappeared after 7pm becuase they were due to be done with their shifts when our flight was originally supposed to leave at 6 pm. It felt like we were trapped in the movie The Terminal. Oh! And our bag was misrouted, because that was just how things went those 2 days. All in all a 6 hour trip turned into 18 hours. I could have driven home in that amount of time!" Pros: "First leg from San Diego was excellent." Cons: "Arriving in SLC discovered out flight to Denver was CANCELLED! Had to reschedule to the next day. Not fun!" Cons: "We left late, it was delayed then maintenance issues. Twice. Seating was very tight and uncomfortable, no movies or entertainment at all. U.S. flights are the worst. Even on short flights with aeromexico outside the U.S. you get movies and food. Zero stars for comfort, food and entertainment." Cons: "There are too many announcements on the screen before you can start watching entertainment. It takes about 15 minutes." Pros: "Flight was mostly smooth." Cons: "Flight crew announcements were too loud and too frequent. Landing at PHL was unusually rough." Pros: "Good entertainment choices." Cons: "Uncomfortable seat with insufficient legroom wouldn't recline. Inadequate overhead storage (full flight)" Pros: "The flight itself was fine." Cons: "The gate change was not announced on my phone app (changed from E7 to D49). I hate leaving out of Terminal E at MIA. There is no point to having TSA Pre-Check if you have to stand in line with people who don't have it. I have to remove my liquids and laptop. It's such a shabby, run-down terminal." Cons: "American Airlies no longer partners with T-Mobile for free WiFi. :-(" Pros: "Jesus, the flight was phenomenal! He lightened up the atmosphere with his wit and grace." Pros: "Pretty standard flight" Cons: "Inconvenient timing and overcrowded with obnoxious children sitting on laps. No attempts made to change their behavior by crew or parents." Cons: "Didn't like the two hour delay, especially when I was notified only a half hour before boarding! This seems to be a normal thing for American Airlines." Pros: "Easy and quick boarding. Excellwnt service in first class. Comfortable ride." Cons: "Nothing. Excellent travel experience." Pros: "Flight crew had a great sense of humor - they were extra friendly while boarding as well, made traveling with AA the best! Boarding was delayed due to previous flight but our pilot even managed to get us to Denver early! Wish I could have this crew everywhere I go!" Pros: "Very comfortable. Crew was excellent" Cons: "Doggie relief area was absolutely gross. I saw atleast 3 other people who refused to also use it." Cons: "They lost one of our parties luggage. How do two bags make it to the destination, and one not??" Pros: "Crew on both our flights were very nice and accommodating." Cons: "United really seems to have issues with their planes. Problems on Wednesday then again today. On Wednesday we boarded late and pushed people’s flights back because the cleaners didn’t show up at boarding time and at landing time we had to go back up when the prior flight was still on the runway." Pros: "I liked the ticket price." Cons: "The seat was very narrow with absolutely minimal leg space, and a carry-on bag was not included in the fare." Pros: "Captain actually briefed passengers before the plane took off. Refreshing." Cons: "Maple cookie snacks aren't my favorite. Stroopwaffels are the best." Pros: "Crew was pleasant and kind" Cons: "Sitting next to the back bathroom, getting bumped by other travelers and the food carts, and the turbulence." Pros: "Crew, and service" Cons: "Being stuck 2 times first day o USA in Chicago ( plane late missing my connection ) and horribly late from Denver to Frankfurt! 6hours stuck and rebooking my pick up!!!! His cost me money!" Pros: "PenAir computer systems were down in Denver, so flight was about 30 minutes late. Crew was good tho." Cons: "Paying $25 to check a bag each way just to be able to do early check in on the app. I only had a carry on. Total scam. Shady AF. Also the United entertainment in the app does not work with Bluetooth headphones on an iPhone." Cons: "Buying me a flight to my city since I was on time for the wedding I’m Missing" Cons: "Frontier customer service wouldn't print a boarding pass for me because of their 45-minute cutoff. I was there 40 minutes before the flight. That wasn't enough time for them. This was in the middle of the night (I arrived at 12:15 AM) when the airport was empty. There was no one in line at the TSA security checkpoint (I know: I looked). Forty minutes was more than enough time for me to get through security and walk to my gate. Very disappointed in Frontier." Pros: "Very professional but friendly flight attendants. Best I’ve encountered in a long time." Cons: "Was very crowded, trays so tiny. No leg room. Checked bag price unreasonable. Cabin hot" Pros: "Cheap flight, quick boarding." Cons: "Cramped accommodation, extra fees for luggage, no complimentary beverage service. I’d call it the Grey Hound of the air, except I recently took a Grey Hound and I was much more comfortable." Cons: "Considering you paid for luggage, no complimentary beverage service and attendants whom expected "team" work to clean the plane, this was the worst example of customer service I have experienced. I travel frequently and very disappointed in Frontier's service and comfort. The space between seats were uncomfortable for a couple of half marathoners. Again quite disappointed and will be avoiding Frontier in the future, no matter the perceived savings." Cons: "The flight was delayed over two hours, the crew was pretty nice though" Cons: "They kept pitching their credit card. They charge extra for every little thing (carry ons, drinks), why would I want their card?" Cons: "I had to pay additional for any seat I selected. I also had to pay $40 for a carry-on luggage. They offered no snack or beverages. It was ridiculous ! Makes me appreciate Southwest airlines By the time I purchase my seat and paid for One carry-on I was out another $108. Seems like false advertising" Pros: "Flights went fine." Cons: "I will never choose to fly Frontier again. This was my first and last time. There is a fee for everything which makes the cost of flying with them significantly higher than quoted. I couldn't believe that you have to use a credit card to get a bottle of water or a small snack. If you don't check their website you can pay double to check in bags when you arrive. Not at all consumer friendly." Pros: "Nice crew." Cons: "Pay for seat, website said pay for overhead luggage but not true, pay for beverage, no seat recline, long wait for baggage." Alaska Airlines8.3 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Portland to Denver Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Portland to Denver found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/13Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 6h 44mPDX-DEN $37 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 7h 29mPDX-DEN $38 Search 1/28Sun nonstopFrontier 2h 35mPDX-DEN $39 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopFrontier 8h 12mPDX-DEN $45 Search 12/9Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 44mPDX-DEN $69 Search 12/16Sat 1 stopDelta 7h 13mPDX-DEN $99 Search 4/7Sun nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 32mPDX-DEN $109 Search 12/15Fri 1 stopDelta 5h 12mPDX-DEN $119 Search 12/30Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 31mPDX-DEN $187 Search 12/13Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 30mPDX-DEN $199 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAlaska AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$50 or less$100 or less$120 or less$200 or less Last minute flights from Portland to Denver Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Portland to Denver that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 15h 54mPDX-DEN 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 3h 00mDEN-PDX $88 Search 12/5Tue nonstop 2h 44mPDX-DEN 12/9Sat nonstop 3h 00mDEN-PDX $98 Search 12/3Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 30mPDX-DEN 12/7Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 55mDEN-PDX $138 Search 12/3Sun nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 30mPDX-DEN 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 10mDEN-PDX $143 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 07mPDX-DEN 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 41mDEN-PDX $157 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAmerican Airlines 8h 50mPDX-DEN 12/9Sat multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 47mDEN-PDX $167 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 44mPDX-DEN 12/5Tue nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 55mDEN-PDX $173 Search 12/3Sun nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 44mPDX-DEN 12/9Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 2h 55mDEN-PDX $178 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 4h 59mPDX-DEN 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 6h 23mDEN-PDX $197 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopDelta 7h 24mPDX-DEN 12/3Sun multi-stopDelta 5h 52mDEN-PDX $402 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierUnited AirlinesAmerican AirlinesAlaska AirlinesDelta Search by price$100 or less$140 or less$170 or less$180 or less$400 or less Portland - Denver Flights Departure: Portland (PDX)United States Destination: Denver (DEN)United States Return flight deals: Denver - Portland Cabin classes: $488 First Class flights to Denver $1,075 Business Class flights to Denver $864 Prem Econ Class flights to Denver $63 Economy Class flights to Denver Browse origins: Flights » United States » Oregon » Portland $78Flights from Portland to Denver Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Colorado » Denver $78Flights to Denver, Denver Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Ontario Flights to Honolulu Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to Houston Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Denver flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Denver from Portland. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Denver from Portland. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.