Cheap Flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas from $19 | (SFO - LAS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - LAS Find cheap flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas from $19 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/9. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Las Vegas These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Las Vegas. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to Las Vegas. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Las Vegas?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 8:46 am - 10:29 amSFO-LAS 1h 43mnonstop 1:45 pm - 3:32 pmLAS-SFO 1h 47mnonstop $33Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 9 5:08 pm - 6:49 pmSFO-LAS 1h 41mnonstop 8:15 am - 9:59 amLAS-SFO 1h 44mnonstop $38Frontier Find Deal Tue, Jan 23 - Fri, Jan 26 8:55 pm - 10:31 pmSFO-LAS 1h 36mnonstop 1:45 pm - 3:32 pmLAS-SFO 1h 47mnonstop $39Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Tue, Jan 16 3:39 pm - 5:24 pmSFO-LAS 1h 45mnonstop 6:10 am - 7:56 amLAS-SFO 1h 46mnonstop $40Frontier Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Tue, Jan 16 10:23 pm - 12:14 amSFO-LAS 1h 51mnonstop 9:59 pm - 11:40 pmLAS-SFO 1h 41mnonstop $107 Find Deal Sat, Dec 30 - Sun, Dec 31 7:20 am - 8:58 amSFO-LAS 1h 38mnonstop 7:00 am - 8:42 amLAS-SFO 1h 42mnonstop $140Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Mar 13 - Thu, Mar 21 10:23 pm - 12:14 amSFO-LAS 1h 51mnonstop 11:00 am - 6:10 pmLAS-SFO 7h 10m1 stop $143 Find Deal Tue, Dec 26 - Sun, Dec 31 4:55 pm - 11:26 pmSFO-LAS 6h 31m1 stop 7:00 am - 8:42 amLAS-SFO 1h 42mnonstop $150Alaska Airlines Find Deal Wed, Mar 13 - Wed, Mar 20 11:01 am - 5:04 pmSFO-LAS 6h 03m1 stop 1:25 pm - 6:20 pmLAS-SFO 4h 55m1 stop $159Delta Find Deal Wed, Mar 13 - Tue, Mar 19 11:01 am - 7:04 pmSFO-LAS 8h 03m1 stop 5:50 pm - 12:10 amLAS-SFO 6h 20m1 stop $173Delta Find Deal Wed, Apr 3 - Tue, Apr 9 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from San Francisco to Las Vegas? The average price of all flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If your flying dates are flexible, you should consider flying to Las Vegas on a Tuesday, as we generally find the cheapest rates on that day for this route. On the other hand, Friday is the most expensive day to fly from San Francisco to Las Vegas. For your return ticket, we recommend flying on a Friday and avoiding Sundays for the best deals. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to Las Vegas? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas is February, where tickets cost $118 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and November, where the average cost of tickets is $172 and $152 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to Las Vegas? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to Las Vegas, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 79 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Las Vegas from San Francisco were found on Frontier ($19) and Alaska Airlines ($65), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Frontier ($33) and Alaska Airlines ($140). Which airlines fly most frequently between San Francisco and Las Vegas? The airlines most regularly connecting San Francisco to Las Vegas are United Airlines (4 flights per day), Alaska Airlines (3 flights per day), and Southwest (2 flights per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between San Francisco and Las Vegas? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from San Francisco to Las Vegas. They are: Alaska Airlines, Frontier, Southwest and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $37 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between San Francisco and Las Vegas per day? Each day, there are between 8 and 15 nonstop flights that take off from San Francisco and land in Las Vegas, with an average flight time of 1h 38m. The most common departure time is 10:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 85 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Friday, when 18% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Monday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and Las Vegas? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to Las Vegas take? The average nonstop flight takes 1h 35m, covering a distance of 413 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from San Francisco to Las Vegas? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Francisco at 5:15 am and will be landing in Las Vegas at 6:40 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Francisco to Las Vegas? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Francisco to Las Vegas jets off at 10:58 pm and lands at 12:37 am. Good to know Low season January High season July Cheapest flight $19 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 12% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 5% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to Las Vegas When to book flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Las Vegas based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas Where can I freshen up at Las Vegas Airport (LAS)? If you’re flying into Las Vegas Airport and you want to freshen up, there are a couple of places to take a shower upon your arrival. Platinum Express and Centurion cardholders have access to The Centurion Lounge. For a lower fare, visitors can use the amenities at the CLUB in Terminal 3. What is the best way to get to MGM Grand from Las Vegas (LAS)? Las Vegas Airport (LAS) is the main airport serving the city, located near the iconic casino resort, MGM Grand. The CX bus can take you directly in about 25 minutes. However, taking a taxi may be the best choice since it is only about a five-minute drive away. Are there any pet relief areas when traveling from San Francisco (SFO) to Las Vegas (LAS)? If you’re traveling with your dog from San Francisco Airport, you’ll be glad to hear it’s equipped with multiple pet relief areas. There are indoor locations, for those departing from SFO, in Terminals 1, 2, and 3. They’re available 24/7. Upon your arrival at Las Vegas Airport, you’ll find fenced outdoor pet relief areas in both Terminals 1 and 3. What accessibility services are available at Las Vegas Airport? Passengers with reduced mobility traveling from San Francisco to Las Vegas can request special assistance before their trip. Upon your arrival in Las Vegas, there are courtesy wheelchairs and assistance services that can be waiting for you at your gate to get you through the airport more comfortably. Is there anywhere to release some stress before flying out of San Francisco (SFO)? In both Terminals 2 and 3, you’ll find yoga rooms where travelers can enjoy some peace and relaxation. Whether you wish to practice yoga, self-reflect, or meditate, the use of these rooms is free of charge. keep in mind that both Yoga Rooms are after the security checks. Are there long-term parking options available at San Francisco Airport? San Francisco International Airport (SFO) can offer passengers the option to securely keep their vehicle in the long-term car park for around $18 (£13) per day. Depending on which terminal you’re flying from, the long-stay parking area is between a 4 and 12min walk away. Which airlines operate direct flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas? Airlines that operate direct flights from San Francisco International Airport (SFO) to Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS) include Alaska Airlines, United Airlines, Frontier Airlines, and Southwest Airlines. Are there any lounges I can access at San Francisco Airport? At San Francisco International Airport (SFO) there are some airline lounges available to relax in prior to your flight’s departure, so it depends on which airline you are flying with. If you are flying with United Airlines, the United Club Lounge is located in the Domestic Terminal. However, we recommended you contact your airline directly to ensure your ticket is valid to access a lounge, as many are only available to international passengers. Are there any hotels located at Las Vegas Airport? Yes, there are hotels close to Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS) such as the Fairfield Inn & Suites and the Travel Lodge by Wyndham. They are both within a 5–10min taxi ride away from the airport. Check out rates and availability through KAYAK. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and Las Vegas? Even though you are not required to have a passport, keep in mind that an official ID is needed to board the airplane. Which airports will I be using when flying from San Francisco to Las Vegas? San Francisco and Las Vegas are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave San Francisco from San Francisco and will be arriving at Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from San Francisco to Las Vegas? Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the San Francisco to Las Vegas flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to Las Vegas? The Airbus A320neo is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to Las Vegas flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between San Francisco and Las Vegas, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from San Francisco to Las Vegas? There are nonstop flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas, Alaska Airlines or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas are Alaska Airlines and Delta. With an average price for the route of $184 and an overall rating of 8.3, Alaska Airlines is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $289 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to Las Vegas? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Las Vegas from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Las Vegas with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and LAS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to Las Vegas? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Las Vegas from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to Las Vegas Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $53 or less one-way and $95 or less round-trip. San Francisco (SFO) is a hub for Alaska Airlines and United Airlines. You’ll find both airlines offering more direct flights operating daily to Las Vegas Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) than other airlines. The arrival airport in Las Vegas (LAS), is a hub for Allegiant Air and a major operating airport for others such as Spirit Airlines, Southwest Airlines, and Frontier Airlines. You can find connecting flights departing out of San Francisco Airport (SFO) with the last two. If you’re traveling from San Francisco (SFO) to Las Vegas (LAS) on a business trip you can easily stay connected and have access to various workstations throughout the airport, with outlets to charge a computer. There is also the Airport Travel Agency that provides business services like photocopying, notary, and passport photos. When traveling from San Francisco (SFO) to Las Vegas (LAS) the more affordable options are generally the ones that are nonstop and do not have layovers along the way. Nonetheless, the flights with layovers mainly stop in Los Angeles (LAX) or Phoenix (PHX). Both Frontier Airlines and United Airlines flights from San Francisco (SFO) generally arrive at Terminal 3 of the Las Vegas Airport (LAS). This terminal is the newest one in this airport, with increased infrastructure and technology. Interested in booking direct flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas? There are several major airlines that you can choose from. United Airlines is known for offering a high number of daily flights between these locations at competitive prices, and travelers can pay an additional fee to upgrade to the Economy Plus option in order to have more legroom. Southwest offers similar flights and allows customers to check up to two bags for free. Looking for ways to pass the time before your flight from San Francisco to Las Vegas takes off? Consider paying a visit to the Aviation Museum & Library located in the Main Hall of San Francisco International Airport. This museum contains many artifacts and photos related to California’s aviation history, as well as remakes of historical planes. If you’re traveling to Las Vegas with your children, stop by one of the several play areas located at San Francisco International Airport. These play areas are free to access and contain a variety of interactive games and activities, making them a convenient area for children to let off some steam during a day of traveling. For travelers that interested in booking with an airline that has a lounge at San Francisco International Airport, consider flying with Virgin Atlantic, United Airlines, or Delta Airlines. By booking a ticket with one of these companies, you might be eligible to access their private lounge before boarding and take advantage of their different amenities, such as free snacks, drinks, high speed WiFi, and television access. Hoping to unwind after your flight to Las Vegas lands? Keep your eyes open for the many slot machines that are located throughout the different terminals of McCarran International Airport. These machines are open to all travelers aged 21 and up and are an easy way to get into the Las Vegas spirit. San Francisco International Airport (SFO) has an array of services available to parents who are looking for ways to entertain their children before their flight departs. Each information desk can provide a colouring book upon request, while you can also find kids’ play areas in Terminals 1, 2, and 3. The airport also has the Aviation Museum and Library, which you can locate on Level 3 in the departures hall near security in Boarding Area A. If you need a reliable way to get to San Francisco International Airport (SFO) from the city centre, the BART train runs a regular service, departing roughly every 10–15min, from the city centre to the airport. Depending on where you catch the train, the journey takes around 30–45min and costs approximately $9–11 (£6–8). If you’re looking for a fast way to get to the centre of Las Vegas from Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS), either the Airport Shuttle service or a taxi are good options. The shuttle costs around $18–23 (£13–17), whereas a taxi will cost around $20–25 (£14–18). The transit time is approximately 5–10min for both services. If you’re looking to hire a car upon your arrival at Las Vegas McCarran International Airport (LAS), you can access the McCarran Rent-A-Car Centre on Gilespie Street. It is around 3 miles south of the airport, and where several well-known car hire companies have an office. To get there, the free Rental Car Shuttle service is available to catch outside Terminals 1 and 3 – from Baggage Claim, follow the signs to Ground Transportation. The shuttle stop is located near doors 10–11 in Terminal 1, and doors 51–54 (west end) or 55–58 (east end) in Terminal 3. We recommend pre-booking your vehicle with KAYAK. If you’re in need of mobility assistance at San Francisco International Airport (SFO), upon arrival at the airport you can approach any staff member who will provide you with the assistance you require. The check-in areas at Domestic Terminals 1, 2 and 3 have staff available to assist you. We also recommend contacting your airline in advance with your specific requirements. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Francisco to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from San Francisco to Harry Reid Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Francisco to Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Search Flights Monday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +18 more ANA, Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Tuesday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +17 more ANA, Air Canada, +18 more 16 17 Wednesday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +20 more ANA, Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Thursday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +18 more ANA, Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Friday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +18 more ANA, Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Saturday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +20 more ANA, Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Sunday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +18 more ANA, Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl to San Francisco Search Flights Monday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Tuesday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +18 more ANA, Air Canada, +19 more 17 18 Wednesday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +20 more ANA, Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Thursday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Friday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 Saturday ANA, Air Canada, Air China, +20 more ANA, Air Canada, +21 more 19 20 Sunday ANA, Air Canada, Air New Zealand, +19 more ANA, Air Canada, +20 more 18 19 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Las Vegas See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to Las Vegas. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Las Vegas? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 82comfort 88crew 78entertainment 85overall 85boarding 79food Airline reviews Cons: "Our flight was delayed 3 hrs, made me miss planned events during a very short weekend trip. It cut our trip in half..super bummed."Read more about Alaska Airlines Cons: "Our flight was delayed 3 hrs, made me miss planned events during a very short weekend trip. It cut our trip in half..super bummed." Pros: "The crew were very professional and friendly. The comfort of the seating was great as well." Pros: "Very quick boarding. Plenty of overhead space. Most likely because flight was not full." Pros: "Free movies" Cons: "First time on Alaska air, on my departure got delayed for 8hrs, then that one we end up deplaning. On my arrival, the plane got delayed again. It’s not a good experience all and all" Cons: "I was not notified that my card was declined and this caused a ton of delays" Pros: "Crew was friendly and fun. Seats were roomy with plenty of leg room." Cons: "No soap in bathroom stall. Told crew who tried to correct it but it was broken. Boo..." Pros: "I always enjoy Alaska but this was another level. I was horribly late and still processing at security with 10mins until take off and the guy at the gate called me to see where I was - gave me mins to make it - which I did - just.. I was traveling to San Diego to meet my family for the weekend - I would’ve been in severe trouble had I missed the flight. Thanks Alaska!!" Pros: "The crew was excellent. The entertainment was good." Cons: "They changed our seats from the original ones. We ended up in the last seats. No way to recline. Very noisy." Pros: "Friendly staff" Cons: "No food offered but I usually don’t eat food but some passengers were asking about the food service" Pros: "Was going to miss the flight and was able to rebook since I was in the check in window for just $50. Really awesome." My flight was delayed, not by much.?very good communication during fest and waiting to board. Communication with airline electronically was difficult. No number seemed available to talk to customer service. What could have been better is if Discover credit card would be able to purchase food Crew was inconsistent in instructions in advising passengers about seat backs during take off. Perfunctory announcements except from cabin. The experience with Breeze was really great. The app makes managing flights easy. You can check in on there 24 hours in advance, and your boarding pass is there, too. The flight crew and the staff at both our airports were wonderful. Snacks and drinks were reasonably priced. The seats were very comfortable, they even had adjustable headrests on every seat. The only downside is not having entertainment or Wi-Fi available onboard. The price is amazing. I was worried about how the flight would be as I never flew then. Seats were very comfortable. We had lots of legroom. The Akron airport was really nice. Overall it didn't have the stress we usually experience with flying. Highly recommend Flight delayed and moved to another gate. Got a text message updating the gate as final boarding finished. Missed flight, fighting for my refund Prior to boarding we were told the flight was still on time up until about 20 minutes after the scheduled departure time. Details on the new departure time and gate were not provided to us in a timely fashion and we were lead to board a flight to Pittsburgh only to realized upon scanning my boarding pass that it was the wrong flight when signage at the gate said Providence. However, once on board the plane was comfortable and staff courteous and nice. Perfect. Even got a screwdriver in Pitt to fix my sons luggage. Awesome airline. Outside of a 30min delay getting back home; this an excellent airline and will definitely use again. Cons: "My monitor isn’t really working after rebooted. And the audio hole wasn’t tight enough" Pros: "Terrible seats! It keeps getting worse." Cons: "Timing of leaving the airport! It was delayed and I missed my international flight" Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "Flew us safely home." Cons: "We waiting on the runway for over a long period." Pros: "Good movies and tv selection. Seat next to me was empty, so that was great." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "crew was nice and pilot was informative." Cons: "1. flight was delayed twice, which meant my arrive was delayed in Cincinnati. 2. boarding was a nightmare. After 2 delays, I was crammed into zone 4. I dont fly as often, the seats space seems to be getting smaller. 5. I sat next an overweight person. I didn't like my personal space violated. 6. The flight offer movies, I slept. Yet kept getting elbowed by this overweight neighbor. 7. I am a single, independent person. I prefer to sit near the front. First on and settled and 1st off and gone!" Pros: "Call back service was best part." Cons: "Booked ticket through venture card points. This meant that the email address and phone number to contact us in the event of changes was mediocre information. I was informed from Tripit that the flight was delayed, not by Delta. Reservation personnel took logical course of action to find new flight for connection that we could make because of delayed initial flight. I would recommend that they first see if there is an earlier initial flight that the customer could make, then look at finding later connecting flights. We found out about delay 8 hours prior, so we had plenty of time to get to the airport earlier. Total delay required me to take additional day off of work." Pros: "Everyone was really nice and responsive." Cons: "Seats are a little older. Not as comfortable as other flights. But not bad." Cons: "Delta airlines has very poor costumer service. THE WORST I HAVE EXPERIENCED. I wasn't the only one feeling this way, I witness a couple people fighting on the phone like me. When my 1st flight was delayed I asked to be rebooked then and the delta employee insisted that I would make my connection. I didn't make it. This is not all. I could have gotten to a near city several hours after but on the same day, but the mediocrecy of this employes did not allow me to get there until the next day at 7 am. Happy new year to me. This two women (or one of them) on the phone, lied to me. There was an option to get me here and one of them failed to do their job right AND LIED TO MY FACE ON THE PHONE. Just unacceptable. I will sue them, I had an under age waiting for me in Cancun and a pet with me!. With no food or access to do its necessities. AND THERE WAS AN OPTION THAT "they missed" on porpuse." Pros: "Good selection of movies/shows." Cons: "Flight was delayed half an hour due to “medical emergency”. Guy passed out as we were about to take off so we turned back to the gate and sat on the plane for over 30 mins while we waited for medical personnel to check the guy out. Then had to wait another 15 mins for the fuel truck to refill us because we had burnt so much sitting there. I understand that we had to turn back due to his condition but why was he not removed from the plane and put on a later flight when he felt better instead of making all of us late? You would think after all this the crew would be kind and appreciate our patience but 2 of the flight attendants were the exact opposite of that. Both of them were very short with people and the one kept rolling her eyes at people as they were handing out drinks. The only thing I would give 5 stars is the tv entertainment. My seat wouldn’t even recline for me to enjoy though." Pros: "Prompt departure and arrival. Efficient inflight crew. Simple inflight entertainment on personal devices." Cons: "Snacks. Please serve basic snacks sun country" Pros: "The flight got delayed and than it was also late" Cons: "Be on time" Pros: "When I checked in for my flight I was given another passenger’s ticket (very similar name) and my checked bag was then sent to this other flight destination. when I got to my gate (correct destination) I discovered the error. The gate crew worked hard to get my checked bag off the wrong flight and rerouted to my flight within 20 minutes of my flight’s departure." Pros: "Check in was easy and quick" Cons: "Plane could have been cleaner. Price is ok, but not as good as it seems once you add luggage." Cons: "I missed the flight because they did not allow online check in. The check in closed 45 min before the flight and I got to the airport 35 min before the flight because my first flight at LGA was cancelled and I had to spend $250 to uber yo EWR. They charged me $200 and only refunded me vouchers" Pros: "Crew was great!" Cons: "I didn’t realize I had to pay for a carry on" Pros: "Two and half hour delay, they charged me 35.00 for one carry on luggage" Pros: "We boarded and took off on time. The staff was friendly." Cons: "Hidden cost. Late flight. Had to take bus to the plane" Pros: "The plane is a decent size, first plane had decent sized seats and headrests that were adjustable, second plane had smaller seats and no headrest, crew was friendly and like that it was a direct flight. Over all a decent flight." Cons: "My duffle bag was damaged, when I arrived to Minneapolis one of the handles had been ripped off" Cons: "The gate agents called all boarding groups with the boarding queue extending the entire length of the jet bridge and into the terminal beyond the gate area, making us stand in line ten to fifteen minutes longer for no reason." Pros: "Great crew - good attitudes." Cons: "Delayed for an hour due to a log book issue." Cons: "I upgraded my seats, but we still didn’t get any extras for the price." Cons: "It would’ve been nice if we made it to fort Meyers!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "The seat assignments based on loyalty status - rude gate agents" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Took off 40 minutes late, rude attendants, very hot on plane, no apologies from staff for being late. Worst flight in a long time." Cons: "I could not pre-check or request different seats on the CP website. I think that this was because of issues with the website, apparently due to IT system communication between American Airlines and Cathay Pacific.......on all six flights. On the transfer in San Francisco, Customs was closed when we arrived in San Francisco and we had to haul all of our baggage from one terminal to the other. There was no direction on how to handle this issue of Customs being closed while on the flight to San Francisco. I had to explain the issue of to the CP customer service crew in SF. The CP desk and they had never heard of it. American Airlines was equally poorly trained. I will also say that while at the CP customer service, there were three young adult males that we're not busy at the time and the watched us unload the baggage carts onto the scales and conveyor and then reloaded on to the carts to push to the AA terminal. We handled the bags two additional times because the CP staff did not know what to do and how to handle it. Other passengers were confused as well." Pros: "Basic flight. Super uncomfortable seats. Older plane. Cramped. Pilot was great. Flight smooth." Cons: "Got there safe!" Pros: "It was fine. Just not anything great." Cons: "Many groups were not seated together. at the airport I asked if my husband and I could be put together . One worker seemed interested in helping, but another rudely butted in and said there "were no seats together, the flight was full." Come to find out the flight was not full, there were whole rows not full. The groups near our seats rearranged ourselves so we could be by our family members, so it worked out. No thanks to the person at the terminal. Really long walk from the gate to the plane. No food on a cross country flight. Only a few cups of water/soda and a cookie. which unfortunately is typical now days. The lights were off the whole trip. The captain kept turning on the seat belt sign for the turbulence. Which there was a lot of. But then he would announce for everyone to go back to their seats. It wasn't huge bumps, just a little rough. and it woke everyone up by announcing it multiple times." Cons: "Flight attendendant were unfriendly,she missed my dinner ,I had to call her so she bring my dinner!" Alaska Airlines8.3 Breeze Airways8.2 Delta7.9 Sun Country Air7.7 American Airlines7.2 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to Las Vegas found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/9Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 38mSFO-LAS $19 Search 1/22Mon nonstopFrontier 1h 44mSFO-LAS $20 Search 2/3Sat nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 34mSFO-LAS $65 Search 4/1Mon nonstopAlaska Airlines 1h 35mSFO-LAS $70 Search 1/3Wed 1 stopDelta 6h 19mSFO-LAS $79 Search 1/2Tue 1 stopDelta 4h 27mSFO-LAS $80 Search 12/5Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 9h 07mSFO-LAS $90 Search 1/1Mon 1 stopAmerican Airlines 5h 11mSFO-LAS $95 Search 4/24Wed nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 49mSFO-LAS $145 Search 3/31Sun 1 stopUnited Airlines 3h 40mSFO-LAS $173 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierAlaska AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$20 or less$70 or less$80 or less$100 or less$170 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 47mSFO-LAS 12/14Thu nonstopFrontier 1h 54mLAS-SFO $71 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 47mSFO-LAS 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 1h 47mLAS-SFO $72 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 47mSFO-LAS 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 55mLAS-SFO $75 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 07mSFO-LAS 12/14Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 41mLAS-SFO $169 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAlaska Airlines 15h 52mSFO-LAS 12/8Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 23h 18mLAS-SFO $181 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAlaska Airlines 23h 02mSFO-LAS 12/8Fri multi-stopAlaska Airlines 23h 18mLAS-SFO $196 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 7h 18mSFO-LAS 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 24h 06mLAS-SFO $213 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopDelta 4h 41mSFO-LAS 12/9Sat multi-stopDelta 6h 28mLAS-SFO $342 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 39mSFO-LAS 12/7Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 39mLAS-SFO $348 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 39mSFO-LAS 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 1h 40mLAS-SFO $398 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierAmerican AirlinesAlaska AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$70 or less$170 or less$200 or less$340 or less$400 or less San Francisco - Las Vegas Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: Las Vegas (LAS)United States Return flight deals: Las Vegas - San Francisco Cabin classes: $435 First Class flights to Las Vegas $274 Business Class flights to Las Vegas $498 Prem Econ Class flights to Las Vegas $45 Economy Class flights to Las Vegas Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $38Flights from San Francisco to Las Vegas Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Nevada » Las Vegas $38Flights to Las Vegas, Las Vegas Compare transportation modes for San Francisco to Las Vegas Average price Average duration Flights $377 1h 36m Buses $218 17h 51m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Las Vegas flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Las Vegas from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Las Vegas from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.