Cheap Flights from New York JFK to Rome from $160 | (JFK - ROM) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW JFK - ROM Find cheap flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome from $160 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/19. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Rome These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Rome. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from New York to Rome. How much is the cheapest flight from John F Kennedy Intl to Rome?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Rome that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:25 pm - 1:30 pmJFK-FCO 12h 05m1 stop 11:45 am - 6:00 pmFCO-JFK 12h 15m1 stop $415Icelandair Find Deal Thu, Feb 22 - Thu, Feb 29 11:20 am - 1:30 pmJFK-FCO 20h 10m1 stop 11:45 am - 10:10 amFCO-JFK 28h 25m1 stop $416Icelandair Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Sat, Dec 16 7:25 pm - 1:30 pmJFK-FCO 12h 05m1 stop 11:45 am - 6:00 pmFCO-JFK 12h 15m1 stop $418Icelandair Find Deal Tue, Feb 27 - Mon, Mar 4 4:35 pm - 6:55 amJFK-FCO 8h 20mnonstop 10:25 am - 2:25 pmFCO-JFK 10h 00mnonstop $485ITA Airways Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Tue, Jan 30 4:35 pm - 6:55 amJFK-FCO 8h 20mnonstop 2:50 pm - 6:55 pmFCO-JFK 10h 05mnonstop $490ITA Airways Find Deal Fri, Jan 26 - Sun, Feb 4 12:30 am - 3:15 pmJFK-FCO 8h 45mnonstop 6:55 pm - 10:30 pmFCO-JFK 9h 35mnonstop $499Norse Atlantic Airways Find Deal Tue, Apr 2 - Tue, Apr 16 12:30 am - 3:15 pmJFK-FCO 8h 45mnonstop 6:55 pm - 10:30 pmFCO-JFK 9h 35mnonstop $512Norse Atlantic Airways Find Deal Sun, May 5 - Thu, May 16 7:45 pm - 10:20 amJFK-FCO 8h 35mnonstop 10:40 am - 2:50 pmFCO-JFK 10h 10mnonstop $513Delta Find Deal Sun, Feb 4 - Thu, Feb 15 6:00 am - 7:15 amJFK-FCO 19h 15m1 stop 12:35 pm - 4:45 pmFCO-JFK 10h 10mnonstop $541Delta Find Deal Wed, Feb 28 - Wed, Mar 6 2:30 pm - 9:00 amJFK-FCO 12h 30m2 stops 7:45 am - 6:30 pmFCO-JFK 16h 45m1 stop $545American Airlines Find Deal Sun, Feb 4 - Sun, Mar 3 Show more results Flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Rome - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Rome to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Rome flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Rome. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Rome cost $209 and was between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Rome Fiumicino Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $513. What is the cheapest month to fly from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Rome? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Rome is January, where tickets cost $574 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and May, where the average cost of tickets is $1,244 and $1,149 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Rome? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Rome, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Rome, you should book around 4 days before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 20 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $415 on Icelandair, followed by TAP AIR PORTUGAL ($435). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $216 on Norse Atlantic Airways and from $246 on ITA Airways. Which airlines fly non-stop between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Rome? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Rome. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Rome. They are Delta and ITA Airways. The cheapest airline for this route is ITA Airways, with the best one-way deal found costing $513. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at ITA Airways. How many flights are there between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Rome per day? Each day, there are between 3 and 5 nonstop flights that take off from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and land in Rome, with an average flight time of 8h 31m. The most common departure time is 5:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening, while the most flights land at Rome Fiumicino Airport. Each week, there are 29 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Tuesday, when 17% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Friday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport and Rome? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome take? The duration of a nonstop flight to Rome from New York John F Kennedy Airport is typically 8h 20m. The journey crosses a distance of 4,271 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome? Early birds can take the earliest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport at 4:35 pm and will be landing in Rome at 6:55 am. What’s the latest departure time from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Rome jets off at 10:15 pm and lands at 1:05 pm. Good to know Low season January High season September Cheapest flight $160 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 30% drop in price. Most popular time to fly and prices are also 12% lower on average. Flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome Fiumicino Airport When to book flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Rome Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from John F Kennedy Intl to Rome based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome flights Which airlines fly sustainably from John F. Kennedy International Airport to Rome? On average, every passenger on a flight to Rome from JFK emits about 3430 kg of CO2. KLM, Delta, and ITA Airways offer some of the most eco-friendly flights from JFK to Rome. They fly nonstop and single-stop flights on this route and emit about 44%, 43%, and 42% less carbon respectively than most of their competitors. Where are pet relief areas located at John F. Kennedy International Airport? In Terminal 1, you will find pet relief areas near the entry to the Arrivals area and after security. In Terminal 2, they are adjacent to the Delta Sky Club. The area in Terminal 4 offers a pet bathroom and is located between Gates 30 and 32. Terminal 5 offers an outdoor area at the North end of the Arrivals area. In Terminal 7, the areas are near Gates 9 and 10. The area in Terminal 8 features a natural grass patch and is located by Gate 38. Where are the layover options for John F. Kennedy International Airport to Rome flights? The layover options for JFK to Rome flights vary depending on your airline and arrival airport. If you’re flying with Emirates, expect a layover in Dubai. If you fly out with KLM, and Delta Airways, expect a layover in Amsterdam. Air France has its layovers in Boston and Roissy Charles de Gaulle in Paris. United Airlines and Aer Lingus have common layovers in Brussels and Dublin respectively. Where are the lactation spaces located at John F. Kennedy International Airport? JFK provides about 13 lactation spaces, one nursing room, and about 12 Mamava Lactation pods. They offer a private space for mothers to pump, breastfeed, or nurse their infants. You can find pods near Gate 14 in Terminal 8 and near the Family restrooms in JetBlue Terminal 5. The rooms accommodate luggage, and strollers, and offer space for smaller siblings to wait as mothers feed or pump. Additionally, a play area, JetBlue Junior is available in Terminal 5. It accepts kids between two and 12 years of age. Can I fly nonstop from JFK International Airport to Rome? Yes, non-stop flights are available from Delta and Kenya Airways. Is there a lounge I can stay in before my flight out of JFK International Airport? Yes, JFK International Airport has over 25 lounges to choose from, some of which are accessible to passengers who pay a one-time access fee. Do either of the airports in Rome have on-site hotels? Ciampino Airport does not have hotels on-site, but there are hotel options for travelers who would like to stay close to the airport, including the Hotel Villa Giulia, the Albergo Anna, and the Ciampino Hotel. Fiumicino Airport is also located at a comfortable distance from a selection of hotels. Does JFK International Airport have services available for passengers with limited mobility? Yes. For wheelchair assistance and other special needs, make sure to mention your needs when making your reservation. A family member or caretaker is allowed to accompany you to the gate with a non-flying boarding pass, and amenities like restrooms, drinking fountains, and phones are wheelchair accessible. Do I need a passport to fly between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Rome? Yes, you’ll need a passport to travel to Rome from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Which airports will I be using when flying from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome? On your way to Rome, you’ll fly out from New York John F Kennedy Intl. You’ll be landing in one of Rome’s 2 airports: Rome Ciampino or Rome Fiumicino. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome? All the following airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome flight route: Delta, Air France, KLM, Cape Air, Endeavor Airlines, American Airlines, and Alaska Airlines. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome? The Boeing 777-200/200ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome? SkyTeam is the only airline alliance operating flights between New York John F Kennedy Airport and Rome. On which days can I fly direct from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome? There are nonstop flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from New York to Rome, Delta or Norse Atlantic Airways? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from New York to Rome are Delta and Norse Atlantic Airways. With an average price for the route of $1,011 and an overall rating of 7.9, Delta is the most popular choice. Norse Atlantic Airways is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $750 and an overall rating of 7.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Rome from New York John F Kennedy Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Rome with an airline and back to New York John F Kennedy Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from New York John F Kennedy Airport to Rome? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Rome from New York John F Kennedy Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from New York to Rome Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $367 or less one-way and $674 or less round-trip. John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) hosts multiple ATMs. HSBC runs an ATM in Terminal 7 and at the main airport entrance. J. P. Morgan ATM is in Terminal 5. Cardtronics and Chase Bank ATMs are in Terminal 4 and Terminal 6 respectively. Passengers who need to walk around Rome International Airport (FCO) without the burden of their baggage can use the airport’s storage lockers. Luggage storage is available on the International Arrivals Level in Terminal 3. Passengers traveling through FCO are welcome to charge their devices for free at the airport. The charging points are spread out within the airport. Free charging is also available at Lavazza Moka, Sante, and Semplicemente restaurants in Terminal 3. If you’re looking to freshen up on arrival at FCO, look no further than HelloSky. It is located before security in front of Terminals 1 and 3. HelloSky offers showers that come with towels, slippers, and shower gel. Giovan Battista Pastine International Airport (CIA) allows smoking in designated areas. You can find the areas after and before security at Gate B. Note that smoking anywhere else is prohibited. John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) is about a 30min drive from Downtown New York City. Daily and long-term parking is available at every terminal. The daily parking option also includes a 30min or 1h option. Long-term parking charges a fee for the first 24h and every additional 8h increment. If using public transport to get to JFK International Airport from Downtown New York, the Air Train is convenient, as it connects to all of JFK's terminals. To connect to the Air Train from downtown, you can take either the A Train or the E, J, or Z subway. The Air Train does not accept unlimited ride metro cards. When booking a flight out of JFK International Airport, there are around 17 airlines to choose from that service flights to Rome. These airlines provide flights with one or more layovers, but you can also fly non-stop with some airlines. JFK International Airport services flights to two airports near Rome, Fiumicino (FCO) and Ciampino (CIA). FCO is the larger of the two and is located 22 miles to the west of the city center. CIA is located 7.4 miles southeast of the city center. Transportation to the city center by taxi, bus, and train is available from both FCO and CIA. Fiumicino Airport provides shuttle bus services to the center of Rome. A shuttle bus is also a good option for returning to Fiumicino Airport at the end of your trip. Depending on where in the city you want to go, the shuttle ride can take between 30min and an hour and a half. Express train service is also available between Fiumicino Airport and Rome’s city center. To reach Rome’s city center from Ciampino Airport, take buses from the airport to the Ciampino train station or Anagnina metro station. There are also buses available at the airport to transport travelers to Roma Termini, the main train station in Rome. The bus route goes both directions and is a good option for returning to Ciampino Airport at the end of your trip. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from New York John F Kennedy Intl to Rome? Find which airlines fly direct from John F Kennedy Intl to Rome, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures New York John F Kennedy Intl to Rome Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Rome to New York John F Kennedy Intl Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 Tuesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 Wednesday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 Thursday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 Friday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 Saturday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 Sunday Aeromexico, Air France, Delta, +2 more Aeromexico, Air France, +3 more 1 2 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from John F Kennedy Intl to Rome See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from New York to Rome. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from John F Kennedy Intl to Rome? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.0 SWISSOverall score based on 9111 reviews 82overall 82boarding 86crew 77entertainment 79food 78comfort Airline reviews Pros: "The space of the seat is wide. Nice chocolate." Cons: "First, they announced that they need some passengers to voluntarily give up the booking in exchange for 280 refunds (a slightly higher rate which not worth to do it) and 1 stopover the fight to Rome which will arrive at 22.00 instead (our flight is 17.35). About 15 minutes before boarding time, they announced flight delaying. Around 17.45, they announced gate changing from B to A which located at opposite side of the the airport so all passengers run there because of everyone afraid that their booking might be canceled because no one agrees to give up. At both gates, many people try to jump in the queue which no staff comes in the manage the queue. During waiting on the board, the air condition seems to be closed, hard to breathe. Around 19.00, the plane took off the Zurich airport eventually, finish the 1.5 hours delay. The captain announced that it cause by the technical problem of the flight earlier but my thinking it cause from over-booking."Read more about SWISS Pros: "The space of the seat is wide. Nice chocolate." Cons: "First, they announced that they need some passengers to voluntarily give up the booking in exchange for 280 refunds (a slightly higher rate which not worth to do it) and 1 stopover the fight to Rome which will arrive at 22.00 instead (our flight is 17.35). About 15 minutes before boarding time, they announced flight delaying. Around 17.45, they announced gate changing from B to A which located at opposite side of the the airport so all passengers run there because of everyone afraid that their booking might be canceled because no one agrees to give up. At both gates, many people try to jump in the queue which no staff comes in the manage the queue. During waiting on the board, the air condition seems to be closed, hard to breathe. Around 19.00, the plane took off the Zurich airport eventually, finish the 1.5 hours delay. The captain announced that it cause by the technical problem of the flight earlier but my thinking it cause from over-booking." Pros: "Friendly and caring attendants. Smooth flight. Good condition of the aircraft." Pros: "The best thing is that they’re always on time" Cons: "The seats are way too cramped" Pros: "Booked a flight to Europe. Online check in easy. Luggage dropoff at JFK had no line for online check in. Flight was on time, my luggage arrived in my final destination fine (had 1 transfer). Crew was efficient and attentive." Cons: "Spaces for seats in the economy class are shrinking. With Swiss Air, seems more so as the seats recline quite a bit which is of course good for an 8-9 hours flight. However if the passenger in front of you reclines their seats, you absolutely are forced to recline yours immediately, otherwise no one will fit. Flight attendants have to ask passengers to put the seats back from reclining during meal service so people can open the food tray and are able to access it, that is how much the seats tilt." Pros: "Everyone was very friendly and helpful. They were all multi-lingual and ready to help foreign travelers. The food was good. The plain wasn’t overstuffed with people - actually there were enough open seats that everyone could have a little extra space. Will always check Swiss Air first for international travel." Cons: "The airline changed a seat reservation after I paid for it. The Swiss support staff told me on the phone they would call me back. They never called back. I called again and was told the seats are changed and I can’t do anything anymore. The return flight seats also disappeared from the reservation. I had also paid for it. The support staff when I called again put back the seats for my return flight. I tried to check in online. Not working. Tried at least 50 times. Not working. Called the support staff. They told me to call the check in support center. I called the check in support center at least 50 times where mi was told the staff are busy and could not answer the call. I called at 6:00am next day where I was told by the check in support staff that my ticket had an issue which they did not know exactly what was the issue but prevented me to do a check in. I drove more than 2 hours to the airport where finally I could check in but I was told that my return flight seats had disappeared again. They managed to put them back again. I hope this time it’s finally ok. The support staff on the phone told me I could get reimbursed for the seat reservation I had paid for for the on going flight. The Swiss staff at the airport told me there would be no refund. Swiss is terrible" Pros: "It was nice because plane was half empty so had quicker attention from stewards - everything was good." Pros: "It reminds me of school dinners" Cons: "Bland, over cooked No thought into the presentation or flavour" Pros: "Swiss has the most cheerful crews I've seen, and their enthusiasm is infectious which makes it easier to tolerate being cramped in a plane for hours. Also, I love that they give you a Swiss chocolate at the en of the flight." Cons: "While I was on line to board, a flight assistant came to me and asked me if I was flying by myself. When I said yes. they upgraded me to business class. I boarded the plane and took my seat. Shortly before taking off, another flight attendant came to me, told me they made a mistake, and sent me back to my original economy seat (while I was holding my new business boarding pass that they gave me). When I told them they should remedy somehow their mistake, they said they did not have any other extra seat in business and that there was nothing they could do. They did not apologize. They were quite unprofessional and rude. I fly often and I have never experienced something so unprofessional and rude. Alitalia is far better than Swissair in terms of professionalism and of politeness. I will always discourage anyone from flying Swissair. Worst company ever." Upon landing our breakfast were left, which means all the tray tables were were down for on landing . Isn’t there an FAA have rule about that Cons: "Tightly packed seats made for discomfort. My knees were touching the seat in front of me." Cons: "A Boeing 757 should not be used for a 6+ hour flight" Pros: "The entire crew was amazing they were professional friendly and accommodating" Pros: "The flight was not cancelled, crew was friendly, we arrived at our destination." Cons: "Flight delayed two hours and absolutely no info provided to customers about what was going on and if/when flight would depart." Cons: "I checked two bags and paid for them. The flight was full. I dutifully got in line for zone two. Next thing you know, at least 25 people got to board early and have free bag check. Really? I should get $35 dollar refund." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Even vegetarian Hindu food was ordered over the phone. We're presented non veg food. When asked about the non veg food we were told that we dint order. Lie right away. Alitalia members showed worst and discrimination based behavior. Very rude. Won't travel on Alitalia in future" Pros: "The crew was polite but not overly friendly or welcoming." Cons: "Boarding was orderly but it was hard to hear the announcements of the zones. I flew economy and it was like flying in a frozen sardine can. There was absolutely NO leg room. At 5 ft, 2 " if I found it difficult, I cannot even imagine how a taller person felt. I wore a coat, sweater, and scart , and warm socks, and I was still freezing the entire trip. It took me 20 minutes to thaw out after arriving. It was quite uncomfortable." Cons: "The flight from. JFK to Barcelona was delayed as well. Their computers were down in Atlanta. So everyone had to have their name hand typed into a computer when boarding. Then the pilot said that our bags are usually weighed and computerized for even distribution on the plane. That system was also down, so we sat on the runway waiting for that problem to be fixed. When we arrived at Barcelona, I unpacked and discovered a jacket and pants in my luggage were wet. The only place that could have happened was at JfK during their rain storm and the luggage weight issue." Cons: "My friend and I was switched to an even worse seating when boarding. Very uncomfortable especially for my friend since he had crutches." Pros: "Very friendly, helpful and communicative crew." Cons: "Only complaint: the touch screen on the seat back was oddly unresponsive and this made it a bit difficult to interface with the various in-flight entertainment options; the streaming music in particular." Pros: "Great crew. I love Lufthansa. I just wish there was more room for my legs." Cons: "More leg room!" Pros: "Friendly staff. Free drink and snack. Comfy seats and very easy boarding process" Pros: "crew wasn't friendly, seats are very narrow and uncomfortable" Cons: "FOOD WAS DISGUSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Pros: "The flight attendants were wonderful." Cons: "You take a bus to reach the plane and the seats are uncomfortable without any entertainment systems. Thankfully the flight was only 1.5 hours." Cons: "The Soviet Union wants its airline back. This was perhaps the RUDEST airline experience I've ever experienced. I was at Frankfurt (FRA) airport waiting to board Air Moldova Flight 864 to Chisinau (KIV). Due to a delay caused by Frankfurt security (and no fault of my own), I was delayed in reaching the gate. Since it was past my boarding time, I grabbed my bags from the conveyor belt once past security without having time to repack. I arrived at the gate and the extremely rude Air Moldova gate agent on duty yelled at me and demanded that I give her my boarding pass. When I told her I needed to pack, she yelled that there was “no time for that”. When I searched for my pass, she again yelled and said “NOW!”. When I told her that it was not my fault that I arrived late since there was a delay at security, she said “Not my problem!”. After she checked my boarding pass, I tried to repack and she again yelled “There is no time. Go to the bus NOW!” I once again told her that it was not my fault I got delayed and she again yelled “NOT MY PROBLEM”. In addition to rude employees, the airline is clearly in violation of safety regulations. The safety card in the back seat pocket was written in ARMENIAN – and Armenian only, thanks to the plane having been leased and Air Moldova not appropriately changing the safety cards. How did they expect people who read Romanian or Russian (the local languages) or English to understand it! On top of that, the plane was easily 20 years old or more and dirty. If they can't even keep a plane clean or have the appropriate safety cards, what else are they not maintaining. Do not fly this terrible airline!" Pros: "The flight was smooth and the flight attendants were very polite and helpful. It was a great experience" Cons: "The bathroom was a bit smelly" Pros: "It was overall a great flying experience." Cons: "One of my connections was way too short. I almost missed my flight. I had to run!" Cons: "Having to go through passport control and security a second time took too much time for the connection between flights." Pros: "Crew was pleasant." Cons: "Premium economy upgrade not worth the price! Wheelchair service ordered but NOT provided In Frankfort!" Boarding the plane outside in the rain was a pain. Very safe flight Cons: "The baggage fees has to be clearly informed, they have a different fees almost double if u checkin bag from 22hrs of departure, total ripoff. Bundle the baggage fees when you buy ticket." Cons: "The check in staff at the gate could have been more friendly and paid better attention to customer care. I was standing in front of the counter with a simple Question but had to wait 5 minutes before the two agents got done with their own personal chat and thought about attending to me." Cons: "Again we had to climb down stairs with our luggage to get to the boarding area, then we had the typical ramp. What is it with Europe and stairs? If you have any issues beware. You better be strong and fit to fly in Europe. Not too many luxuries." Pros: "Efficient friendly service." Cons: "We were economy so no food was provided, as expected so cannot rate. No entertainment was offered either." Pros: "Plenty of room on this flight. The plane was about half full." Cons: "Everyone's breakfast was supposed to be an "egg and bacon" flavored wrap of some sort, but there was absolutely no egg or bacon flavor associated with it. The flavor of bacon is very distinctive. This thing's flavor and texture suggested some sort of very tasteless doughy material, with certainly nothing tasting like egg or bacon inside of it. Ugh." Cons: "Really rude flight attendant even after we boarded and left late. She was rude to people sitting in the exit seats, rudely demanding attention while she rushed through the safety guidelines. She then very rudely told me I had to pay for what I was trying to order, even though I was reading it off the menu? She acted as if I was stupid because I don’t speak swedish, but she did not speak the language of our destination, and it was a connecting flight." Pros: "Plane seemed new and modern. Friendly staff, attentive." Cons: "Only one side of my headphones worked, seats not very comfortable." Cons: "Tiny, hard, uncomfortable seats and cramped conditions, just about the worst 8 hours in my life" Pros: "Left on time. 50 minutes early in Copenhagen. Food was not bad." Cons: "TSA at EWR was ridiculous. Slow lines and very inefficient." Nice travel , but would have been better if luggage was included in the price and not an extra charge.. Norse Atlantic is the worst airline I’ve ever traveled with, and i travel a lot. First, they made me check my carry on duffle (never had a problem before) because my backpack they said “isn’t a personal item”. It fits under the seat so yes it is a personal item. $125€ for the duffle and $125€ for my wife’s checked bag, $250€ for two bags, RIPOFF! Once on the flight we got delayed 45mins because the attendants/airline were giving a handicap gentleman a hard time about his scooter which they had already given him permission to bring on board. He also stated he’s never had this problem, & after a lengthy discussion they finally realized they were wrong since it wasn’t ion battery operated and he had all the paperwork. Eventually they allowed him to stow it above his seat which they watched his wife struggle with for over a minute before they helped her. Also, Make sure you purchase food in advance! This airline is EVERYTHING for purchase, from WATER to SNACKS to BLANKETS. Yes, WATER. International flight and not a single thing free. People were literally lining up to the bathroom with empty water bottles to fill up in the sink. The Aircraft was criminally FREEZING as if they intentionally jacked up the air so people would buy $7€ blankets. People were changing into layers in the bathroom & bringing down their carry-ons so they could find layers in their suitcases. Those that didn’t have layers in their bag or had to check their bags had to endure an 8.5hr torture session from Rome to JFK. Add all that to the ridiculous timing of turning on the lights (red eye) so they could come down the aisle with duty “free” options for purchase. A hot topic between passengers while waiting to deboard/get through customs. I wouldn’t fly Norse Atlantic Airways again if they paid me. I payed for luggage but there was additional luggage charge this wasn’t clear when i purchased. The crew from Norse was absolutely great! Friendly, respectful and professional! They helped me resolve my baggage issue in Fiumicino, which was a long process and one of the counter girls was her first day at work 😌 they were all great. And later, when they found my 87 year old mom who got completely lost at Fiumicino in a different terminal, all by herself.. they were patient and kind and treated everyone with respect and care. Grazie Norse!! Crew was excellent, very friendly and professional. Seating was very tight…I’m not a tall person and my knees were touching the seat in front of me. A little bit more legroom would be great. Chaotic check in. It took an extra hour to haul all across large LAX airport three different times back & fourth. Had no access to duty free shop. Great flight for great price. Only thing they need is on board Wi-Fi and an app. It was cold, blankets would have been a big plus. Airline was unable to check me in, even though I had a valid US visa which they called to confirm. Their system still did not allow check in. If you have a visa don’t travel on this airline. Will be seeking a refund. I’ve never know a transatlantic flight or even an international flight not to offer complimentary food and drinks . I was shocked - it took me hours to even get served paying almost $4 for a cup of tea. Those that knew had ordered ahead a tiny meal for $30! On a 9 hour flight this was not satisfactory at all. They would be my last choice to fly a long distance flight. SWISS8.0 Delta7.9 Lufthansa7.8 Scandinavian Airlines7.6 Norse Atlantic Airways7.7 Book cheap flights from New York to Rome Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from New York to Rome found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/19Mon 1 stop 12h 40mJFK-FCO $160 Search 2/13Tue 1 stop 13h 15mJFK-FCO $161 Search 1/15Mon 1 stop 12h 40mJFK-FCO $167 Search 1/17Wed 1 stop 13h 35mJFK-FCO $168 Search 3/30Sat nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 8h 45mJFK-FCO $216 Search 12/9Sat 1 stopITA Airways 22h 55mJFK-FCO $246 Search 5/7Tue nonstopNorse Atlantic Airways 8h 45mJFK-FCO $248 Search 5/26Sun 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 14h 00mJFK-FCO $287 Search 3/26Tue 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 13h 10mJFK-FCO $293 Search 12/29Fri 1 stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 14h 45mJFK-FCO $350 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineNorse Atlantic AirwaysITA AirwaysScandinavian AirlinesTAP AIR PORTUGAL Search by price$160 or less$170 or less$250 or less$290 or less$350 or less Last minute flights from John F Kennedy Intl to Rome Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from New York to Rome that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/1Fri nonstopITA Airways 8h 10mJFK-FCO 12/5Tue nonstopITA Airways 10h 05mFCO-JFK $484 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopITA Airways 12h 20mJFK-FCO 12/22Fri multi-stopITA Airways 27h 35mFCO-JFK $497 Search 12/1Fri nonstopDelta 8h 30mJFK-FCO 12/10Sun nonstopDelta 10h 10mFCO-JFK $513 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAir France 8h 45mJFK-FCO 12/22Fri nonstopAir France 10h 10mFCO-JFK $603 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopDelta 12h 20mJFK-FCO 12/9Sat nonstopDelta 10h 10mFCO-JFK $707 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 20h 35mJFK-FCO 12/22Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 25h 30mFCO-JFK $779 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopBritish Airways 31h 40mJFK-FCO 12/22Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 25h 30mFCO-JFK $783 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopFinnair 25h 40mJFK-FCO 12/12Tue multi-stopFinnair 17h 20mFCO-JFK $802 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopAir France 11h 10mJFK-FCO 12/9Sat multi-stopAir France 12h 20mFCO-JFK $931 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopFinnair 29h 30mJFK-FCO 2/4Sun multi-stopFinnair 31h 30mFCO-JFK $1,378 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineITA AirwaysDeltaAir FranceBritish AirwaysFinnair Search by price$500 or less$600 or less$780 or less$800 or less$1,380 or less New York John F Kennedy Airport - Rome Flights Departure: New York John F Kennedy Airport (JFK)United States Return flight deals: Rome - New York John F Kennedy Airport Cabin classes: First Class flights to Rome $2,453 Business Class flights to Rome $1,349 Prem Econ Class flights to Rome $513 Economy Class flights to Rome Browse origins: Flights » United States » New York State » New York » New York John F Kennedy Airport $414Flights from New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport to Rome Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » Italy » Rome $511Flights to Rome Ciampino Airport, Rome $414Flights to Rome Fiumicino Airport, Rome Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to West Palm Beach Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Tampa Flights to New Orleans Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Rome flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Rome from New York John F Kennedy Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Rome from New York John F Kennedy Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.