Cheap Flights from Miami to Boston from $28 | (MIA - BOS) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MIA - BOS Find cheap flights from Miami to Boston from $28 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/20. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Boston These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Boston. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Miami to Boston. How much is the cheapest flight from Miami to Boston?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Miami to Boston that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 3:25 pm - 6:48 pmMIA-BOS 3h 23mnonstop 10:50 am - 2:31 pmBOS-MIA 3h 41mnonstop $68Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 1 - Sat, Feb 3 3:25 pm - 6:48 pmMIA-BOS 3h 23mnonstop 10:50 am - 2:31 pmBOS-MIA 3h 41mnonstop $69Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 25 - Mon, Jan 29 3:25 pm - 6:48 pmMIA-BOS 3h 23mnonstop 10:50 am - 2:31 pmBOS-MIA 3h 41mnonstop $88Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Mon, Jan 15 3:15 pm - 6:38 pmMIA-BOS 3h 23mnonstop 10:42 am - 2:23 pmBOS-MIA 3h 41mnonstop $89Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Sun, Jan 21 3:15 pm - 6:38 pmMIA-BOS 3h 23mnonstop 10:42 am - 2:23 pmBOS-MIA 3h 41mnonstop $90Spirit Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Mon, Jan 22 3:25 pm - 6:48 pmMIA-BOS 3h 23mnonstop 7:30 pm - 1:47 pmBOS-MIA 18h 17m1 stop $96Spirit Airlines Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Mon, Jan 22 3:25 pm - 6:48 pmMIA-BOS 3h 23mnonstop 8:20 pm - 11:49 pmBOS-MIA 3h 29mnonstop $104 Find Deal Sat, Jan 13 - Wed, Jan 17 7:30 am - 10:43 amMIA-BOS 3h 13mnonstop 11:40 am - 3:14 pmBOS-MIA 3h 34mnonstop $138JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Tue, Jan 23 9:45 pm - 12:58 amMIA-BOS 3h 13mnonstop 5:20 pm - 8:59 pmBOS-MIA 3h 39mnonstop $198JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Dec 26 - Sun, Dec 31 6:30 pm - 12:14 amMIA-BOS 5h 44m1 stop 11:40 am - 5:45 pmBOS-MIA 6h 05m1 stop $217JetBlue Find Deal Thu, May 2 - Sun, May 5 Show more results Flights from Miami to Boston - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Miami to Boston to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Miami to Boston? The average price of all flights from Miami to Boston clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. For Miami to Boston, Wednesday is the cheapest day to fly on average and Monday is the most expensive. Flying from Boston back to Miami, the best deals are generally found on Tuesday, with Friday being the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Miami to Boston? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Miami to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Miami to Boston is September, where tickets cost $158 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are July and June, where the average cost of tickets is $247 and $228 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Miami to Boston? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Miami to Boston, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Miami to Boston, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 30 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Miami to Boston? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the past 3 days, the cheapest one-way tickets to Boston from Miami were found on Spirit Airlines ($28) and Frontier ($52), and the lowest round-trip tickets were found on Spirit Airlines ($68) and JetBlue ($138). Which airlines fly most frequently between Miami and Boston? The airlines most regularly connecting Miami to Boston are American Airlines (6 flights per day), Delta (4 flights per day), and JetBlue (one flight per day). Which airlines fly non-stop between Miami and Boston? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Miami to Boston. There are 4 airlines that fly nonstop from Miami to Boston. They are: American Airlines, Delta, JetBlue and Spirit Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Spirit Airlines at $47 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Spirit Airlines. How many flights are there between Miami and Boston per day? Each day, there are between 10 and 18 nonstop flights that take off from Miami and land in Boston, with an average flight time of 3h 21m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 87 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Saturday, when 21% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Sunday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Miami and Boston? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Miami to Boston take? The average nonstop flight takes 3h 13m, covering a distance of 1,259 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Miami to Boston? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Miami at 7:30 am and will be landing in Boston at 10:43 am. What’s the latest departure time from Miami to Boston? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Miami to Boston jets off at 9:45 pm and lands at 12:58 am. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $28 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 11% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 15% increase in price. Flight from Miami to Boston When to book flights from Miami to Boston Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Miami to Boston based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Miami to Boston Is Boston Logan International Airport an accessible airport? Yes. Travelers with mobility challenges should alert their airline so that there will be a concierge with a wheelchair waiting for them at BOS when they deplane. BOS features accessibility adaptations including ramps and elevators, audio-visual fire alarms, and accessible restrooms in every terminal. Where are the parking lots at Miami International Airport? The three terminals of MIA are situated into a U shape, and the parking lots are inside the U. There are two smaller short-term parking lots near the apex of the U, right across from the Central Terminal. The Dolphin Parking Lot is near the North Terminal and the Flamingo Parking Lot is near the Central and South Terminals. Long-term parking is in the South Parking parking lot, which is situated behind the Flamingo Parking Lot. Does Boston Logan International Airport provide facilities for nursing moms? Yes. Nursing mothers can find privacy and facilities in the Nursing Suites in Terminals A and B. There are also Mamava free-standing lactation suites in Terminals B, C, and E. Does Boston Logan International Airport provide a quiet space where passengers can decompress after their flight? If you or someone you are traveling with needs some quiet time to decompress and re-center after deplaning, feel free to head to the Our Lady Of The Airways Chapel. Located in Terminal C near baggage claim, this quiet, safe space allows passengers to relax undisturbed. Where can I go to rent a car at Boston Logan International Airport? You can easily access the rental car facility by boarding a complimentary blue and white rental car shuttle outside baggage claim at the Arrivals curb. The shuttles depart about every 5 minutes and take you to the facility that houses agencies such as Budget, Avis, Hertz, Enterprise, and others. Does Miami International Airport allow you to sleep in the terminals overnight? If your flight has been delayed or your travel plans have left you waiting overnight at MIA, you'll most likely be ushered into the landside part of the airport in order to spend the night. You can find padded couches near South Terminal baggage claim and carpeted areas near the Admirals Club in the North Terminal. It is a good idea to wear ear plugs or headphones to cancel out the constant noise of the airport. Also, feel free to ask your airline if they could provide any pillows or blankets. Are there nonstop flights on this route? There are numerous frequent non-stop flights between MIA and BOS from multiple Airlines, including JetBlue Airlines, Frontier Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, and Spirit Airlines. What can you do to relax at MIA Airport? If you wish to relax before your flight, Miami Airport has a Golden Retriever therapy dog that works around the terminal to snuggle with travelers. There's also a yoga room where you can relax and stretch in Terminal H. Can you rent a car at BOS Airport? Yes, several rental agencies are available, including Hertz, Budget, National, Payless, Thrifty, Avis, and Alamo. There are free shuttle busses on the lower level of the terminals that take passengers to the rental facility. You can make your reservation through KAYAK. Is there an onsite hotel at BOS? Yes, there's an onsite Hotel, the Hilton Boston Logan Airport Hotel, connected to Terminal C and E through a Sky Bridge. There are free hotel shuttles at the other terminals to take passengers to the hotel. What are your travel options from BOS to Boston? Taxis are available at the Ground Transportation level, while Uber and Lyft are located at the AppRide/TNC Lots. For public transport, the BTA runs a Silver Line bus SL1 from all airport terminals. You can also take the free Massport shuttle buses to MBTA Subway Station and catch the Blue Line. Alternatively, take the Massport shuttle bus to the Logan International Dock and catch the MBTA Harbor Express or Boston Harbor Cruises. Do I need a passport to fly between Miami and Boston? No Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Miami to Boston? JetBlue, American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Iberia, and Delta offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Miami to Boston flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Miami to Boston? The Boeing 737-800 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Miami to Boston flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Miami to Boston? oneworld, SkyTeam, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Miami and Boston, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Miami to Boston? There are nonstop flights from Miami to Boston on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Miami to Boston, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Miami to Boston are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $237 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $223 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Miami to Boston? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Miami to Boston. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Miami to Boston? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Boston from Miami is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Miami to Boston? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Boston with an airline and back to Miami with another airline. Booking your flights between Miami and BOS can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Miami to Boston? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Boston from Miami up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from MIA to Boston Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $89 or less one-way and $118 or less round-trip. To get from Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) into downtown Boston, you can take the T, meaning MBTA public transportation. You can access the MBTA ferries, the Blue Line subway, or the Silver Line rapid transit buses. If you want to find a quiet place to get some work done, or you want to rock a fussy baby, or you simply want to relax, have a seat in one of the many rocking chairs located throughout the BOS terminals. Active-duty members of the military as well as military retirees may enjoy the services and amenities of the Military Hospitality Lounge at the Miami International Airport (MIA) for free. Open daily from 9:00 am to 9:00 pm, this lounge is in the Central Terminal on Concourse E, Level 2. Miami International Airport (MIA) is about 11 miles from downtown Miami. You can get there by taxi or rideshare but if you'd rather use public transport, take the Orange or Green Line Metrorail that takes about 30min to reach the city. From Miami Beach, take the Metrobus route 150. Parking charges at the Miami Airport garage sit at $17 per day with a time limit of about 60 days. Valet parking charges about $30 per day and has a time limit of about 20 days. Electric vehicle parking and accessible parking are also available at about $17 per day. Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) is located approximately 5 miles away from the Boston city center. Apart from Boston, BOS also serves several other cities, including Cambridge, Chelsea, Somerville, Brookline, Malden, Everett, Winthrop, and Revere. Miami International Airport is a hub for American Airlines, while Boston Logan International Airport is a hub for Delta Air Lines and a focus city for JetBlue Airlines. If your flight is delayed, Miami Airport has an onsite hotel inside the Central Terminal Concourse E. The Miami International Airport Hotel is on Level 2 and offers day rooms from 10:00am to 6:00pm. Business travelers can take advantage of the Business Center located between Concourse H and J at Miami Airport. It features computers with printing and internet capabilities, faxing, and various other products and services. Several useful services at MIA Airport include water stations, baggage carts for about $5, luggage storage in the Central Terminal, luggage wrapping, pharmacies in the South and North terminals, pet relief areas at several gates, a chapel in the North Terminal, a Jetsetter Spa in the south terminal, and an XpresSpa in the North Terminal. There are also several art exhibits and galleries throughout the terminals. Some of the family services available at Miami Airport include MIAmamas suites located near several gates airside. If you have kids that need to burn off some energy before your flight, there's a children's play area in Concourse C, airside, and you can also ride the SkyTrain around the terminals. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Miami to Boston Logan Intl? Find which airlines fly direct from Miami to Logan Intl, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Miami to Boston Logan Intl Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Tuesday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +12 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +13 more 11 12 Wednesday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Thursday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Friday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Saturday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 Sunday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +11 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +12 more 10 11 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Boston Logan Intl to Miami Search Flights Monday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +12 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +13 more 11 12 Tuesday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +13 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +14 more 12 13 Wednesday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +13 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +14 more 12 13 Thursday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +12 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +13 more 11 12 Friday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +13 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +14 more 12 13 Saturday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +12 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +13 more 11 12 Sunday Aeromexico, American Airlines, British Airways, +13 more Aeromexico, American Airlines, +14 more 12 13 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Miami to Boston See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Miami to Boston. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Miami to Boston? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19621 reviews 83boarding 79entertainment 78food 82overall 82comfort 86crew Airline reviews Pros: "Jet blue flights seem generally good. Like the WiFi access to be Able to use flight time efficiently."Read more about JetBlue Pros: "Jet blue flights seem generally good. Like the WiFi access to be Able to use flight time efficiently." Pros: "The available movies were pretty good." Cons: "The crew member serving the food was way too slow." Cons: "Flight was 3 1/2 hours delayed. In-flight entertainment system didn’t function. They didn’t perform a beverage/snack service. Very poor overall. Disappointing." Cons: "Our flight was delayed 4 times. We then sat on the runway for an extra 45 minutes because someone’s tv did not work. We missed our set transportation which was already rescheduled 4 times and had to pay $150 Uber to get home" Cons: "They had to reset entertainment sets 3 times before they started working. This happens regularly on the SFO to BOS jetblue flight." Cons: "We had a delay of 3 hrs which kept us waiting in the middle of the night" Pros: "Crew informed us about the time delays and why we had to unload the plane ." Cons: "Boston closed their airport due to high winds." Cons: "Entertainment screen in our section of the plane were not functioning correctly. The crew made several attempts to reset the screens but it didn't work," Cons: "Flight delayed and time kept moving. Entertainment system was not working" Pros: "Online check in, everyone was nice flight went as planned" Cons: "No complaints" Pros: "Nice plane, good service and pilots, great landing - no issues at all." Cons: "Flight attendant in First class was visibly frustrated and unfriendly. He was not helping with my simple request for a blanket. Also, the were no food service in first class." Pros: "individual TVs" Cons: "it would be great if you could not use all those one-use plastic cups. waste is a real issue in the US and the solution is using re-usable items like washable cups. Unboarding was a nightmare and it started to get really hot waiting to get off." Cons: "Flight was 1,5 hr delayed, which almost caused me to miss my connecting flight" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "They charged me $646 for the flight. And we departed 40 min later. I arrived late to my work. They gave me seat in the back of the plane. Horrible" Cons: "Wheelchair shortage on arrival, although I had one reserved. Waited for a while then walked. Not ideal. Very long wait for bus to rental car center." Pros: "Staff are adept at dealing with these issues but it is a systemic problem." Cons: "Rather than pay luggage fees, people are bringing on their luggage and the flight ALWAYS runs out of space. Suitcases are being moved around right at people heads and more than once I've been hit and seen other people be hit in the head by a suitcase. Getting luggage in place used to be a simple and minor issue, now it occupies much of the time, energy, and attention of the cabin crew as well as the gate crew. I realize this is making money for Delta but the cost is being paid by people being hit in the head with luggage and the crew's unavailability to deal with other issues." Cons: "We thought we were flying AirFrance as our emails came from them and were surprised to learn after waiting in the AirFrance baggage drop queue for 30 mins that we were in the wrong place." Cons: "Double booking and payment of flight. Dropped flight bookings. Not a good trip" Pros: "Food available was good." Cons: "Very tight space- could not reach floor when person in front of me moved seat into recline position. Could not get out of seat to go to bathroom when my seat mates were sleeping. Tough to load- tight spaces." This flight was intense. It was overcrowded, people weren’t following Covid guidelines. And in general, was a mess due to young kids causing a lot of noise and disturbance. I ended up with a headache the entire flight because of it. Cons: "Entertainment system nor working properly. 40 minute flight delay due to minor cabin seat malfunction." Pros: "That it arrived eventually without crashing" Cons: "Boarding. Sitting on a tarmac in hot stuffy plane for 40 min is not why I was looking for" Cons: "The plane was ridiculously hot, also connecting to the entertainment via the app was terrible." Pros: "Nice crew" Cons: "Very uncomfortable trip. Seat were weird and neck pain We waiting on the plane for more than 30mn before departure" Pros: "On time" Cons: "Boarding system, come located entertainment o/b, non existan food/snacks" Pros: "The flight itself was about as average as any other flight. At least all our luggage made it from the incoming flight from Key West to join us in Charlotte. That was our final destination but most of the passengers were making additional connections." Cons: "The boarding went like the plane was ready to leave on time, except it didn't. There was a delay because the flight crew came from another arriving flight, so they had to go through the full pre-flight checklist. Then there was a "minor maintenance issue" that couldn't be fixed right away because it was "shift change" for the maintenance crews. Eventually they arrived and fixed whatever, while everyone was getting texts and alerts that kept delaying the departure by 15-minute intervals. Over an hour (while sitting in a warm plane) after the original scheduled departure, we left the gate, sat on the taxiway a while, then took off. Cabin crew only had cookies and drinks, no other snacks or food. All anyone got was an apology for the extended delay." Cons: "inflight entertainment wasn't working on my seat only which made my 6 hour flight seem even longer :(" Pros: "Wi-Fi was great. Watched two movies. Flight was on time and painless" Cons: "Only complimentary snack was pretzels and only a cup of water." Cons: "There was no entertainment. Serats were something I'd find in a B-grade, derelict porn movie theatre ....not that I have any experience with a B-or even A-grade porn movie theatre" Pros: "Great, friendly crew and excellent customer service from flight attendants." Pros: "Seats were pretty comfortable" Cons: "In-flight entertainment depended on the Wi-Fi working. It did not work the whole flight." Pros: "The plane was nice and in good shape. They had beverage service for a very quick flight which is nice. Can't rate food or entertainment because only hour or so flight." Cons: "It was freezing in the plane and I'm never cold. When I asked for a blanket they had none!!! They had just announced whatever they can do to make your flight more comfortable ask them. Not true, just words. Disappointed after the great treatment after flying ANA." Pros: "My flight was delayed. So i would miss my meeting in NY Since I would miss the meeting I didnt take the flight. But i have to be in NY for the weekend. So I bought another One Way ticket to NY. But now, I found out since I dindnt take my first leg to NY, united cancel my flight back from NY to Miami! Thats completely unaceptable !!! It happened to me before with American and I could easily take my flight back. I will never fly United again, everytime you have an issue, the only word the attendents know is Unfortunately ... they NEVER help!" Pros: "That seats next to me were empty so I was able to sleep comfortably." Cons: "That my ears don't work well, so it's hard to hear the movies." Cons: "Because of missed connection I had to go from Dulles to Reagan airport" Cons: "Was forced to pay for a carry on check in while flight was not full and overhead cabins weren't full" Pros: "Free TV since we were 2 hours delayed" Cons: "4 delays in 1 day on 2 flights. 2 gate changes with no relay of info and to top it all off my wife and i were reassigned to separate seats at the last minute by the airline and very rudely told to deal with it and to calm down when I simply asked why. We were appalled and embarrassed in front of many others in the gate boarding area. The gate agent in Houston has no place in customer service and was on some kind of a power trip. This surprised me with recent events. We are done with United now for many reasons" Pros: "In efforts to reduce my carbon footprint and reduce my use of plastic bottles and single use plastic cups, I always travel with a refillable stainless steel water bottle. It saddened and frustrated me when during the drink service portion of the flight the flight attendant refused to serve me water in my bottle, which was clean, dry and when uncovered the brim has the same diameter as the plastic cups used on United flights. First the flight attendant just said that she is not allowed to fill my personal bottle but kept offering me several cups of water instead. When I explained that it wasn't because I was really thirsty, it was just that I prefer to not use disposable cups, she proceeded to tell me my bottle was too big to fill anyways and she couldn't give me that much water. I have never had such an averse reaction to trying to be more eco friendly. In fact people are usually thrilled and applaud the Effort. If this is in fact the United policy, I hope united will reconsider it. Every small effort goes towards making a big impact." Cons: "The fact that I have to pay extra for food or any form of entertainment is appalling compared to other airlines. $20 for WIFI? That's a joke." Cons: "Was the worst flight ever check in was opened late , computers were down , boarding was horrific , problems with many people and seating , flight left late ," Pros: "Captain was informative but not too talkative. Left on time and arrived 20 min early" Cons: "It was a 6 pm take off and the only food available for purchase was a “snack pack”. A tiny piece of beef jerky with crackers, cheese, and 10 Chocolate covered blueberries for $6.00. Made the mistake of not eating before and was silly to be expecting more from a discount airline I guess." Pros: "airplane cabin was clean." Cons: "boarding was late and they didn't even say anything. no apology or anything. It was also hard to hear announcements over the PA system" Pros: "Nothing other than sitting on the first row" Cons: "Waiting for more than 3 hours to check in my bag then pay a lot of money for it.only 3 people at the checking area." Pros: "It was my mother's 1st time flying alone with an airline I had never flown. I was nervous because she needed a lot of assistance, but the Frontier guys who took care of her went above and beyond to make sure she would be taken care of. They walked her onto the plane, and made sure she was taken to her seat. The little things matter. And it's the only airline that flies direct from MIA to PVD:)" Cons: "The additional charges added on make this airfare comparable with others. Initially, I only went with it because it was the only airline that flew direct to PVD. If Frontier is going to be comparable in price to others, make sure the service is also on the same standards. Also, the flight leaving earlier than the scheduled time can be a hassle for someone cutting it close." Cons: "Paying for carry on bags is a rip off. I will avoid frontier in the future because of this." Cons: "wished I knew about the fees for both checked and carry-on luggage" Pros: "Nothing the seats were horribly uncomfortable. The seats don't recline and you get billed for every little thing. I won't be flying Frontier again." Pros: "Arrived safe" Cons: "The absolute worst customer service I have ever had in 30 years of flying." Pros: "The pilot and crew were organized, friendly and attentive. We received our luggage fairly quick, however they did switch baggage carousel. The airfare was so affordable. I will definitely use Frontier again." Cons: "The seats did not recline" JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 United Airlines7.0 Frontier5.7 Book cheap flights from Miami to Boston Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Miami to Boston found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 12/20Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 21mMIA-BOS $28 Search 1/13Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 23mMIA-BOS $33 Search 1/9Tue 1 stopFrontier 9h 34mMIA-BOS $52 Search 12/12Tue 1 stopFrontier 9h 51mMIA-BOS $57 Search 1/11Thu 1 stopJetBlue 5h 00mMIA-BOS $79 Search 1/22Mon nonstopJetBlue 3h 13mMIA-BOS $84 Search 12/23Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 59mMIA-BOS $109 Search 12/26Tue 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 41mMIA-BOS $111 Search 12/8Fri 1 stopDelta 5h 17mMIA-BOS $194 Search 12/22Fri 1 stopDelta 5h 20mMIA-BOS $209 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$30 or less$60 or less$80 or less$110 or less$210 or less Last minute flights from Miami to Boston Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Miami to Boston that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopFrontier 9h 51mMIA-BOS 12/11Mon multi-stopFrontier 13h 00mBOS-MIA $152 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 12mMIA-BOS 12/9Sat multi-stopSpirit Airlines 27h 39mBOS-MIA $182 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 3h 18mMIA-BOS 12/12Tue nonstopDelta 3h 40mBOS-MIA $296 Search 12/2Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 13mMIA-BOS 12/2Sat nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 39mBOS-MIA $303 Search 12/5Tue nonstopDelta 3h 18mMIA-BOS 12/9Sat nonstopDelta 3h 40mBOS-MIA $308 Search 12/4Mon nonstopJetBlue 3h 15mMIA-BOS 12/11Mon nonstopJetBlue 3h 29mBOS-MIA $332 Search 12/4Mon nonstopJetBlue 3h 15mMIA-BOS 12/10Sun multi-stopJetBlue 6h 09mBOS-MIA $342 Search 12/4Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 3h 15mMIA-BOS 12/11Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 17mBOS-MIA $349 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 27mMIA-BOS 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 21mBOS-MIA $372 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 7h 45mMIA-BOS 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 59mBOS-MIA $412 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesJetBlueUnited Airlines Search by price$180 or less$300 or less$330 or less$350 or less$410 or less Miami - Boston Flights Departure: Miami (MIA)United States Destination: Boston (BOS)United States Return flight deals: Boston - Miami Cabin classes: $400 First Class flights to Boston $783 Business Class flights to Boston $611 Prem Econ Class flights to Boston $57 Economy Class flights to Boston Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Miami $68Flights from Miami to Boston Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Massachusetts » Boston $68Flights to Boston, Boston Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Philadelphia Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Ontario Flights to Charlotte Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search Boston flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Boston from Miami. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Boston from Miami. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.