Cheap Flights from Orlando Airport to New York from $29 | (MCO - NYC) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Trains Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MCO - NYC Find cheap flights from Orlando Airport to New York from $29 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/28. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to New York These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Orlando to New York. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Orlando to New York. How much is the cheapest flight from Orlando to New York?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Orlando to New York that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 2:53 pm - 5:29 pmMCO-LGA 2h 36mnonstop 6:29 pm - 9:45 pmLGA-MCO 3h 16mnonstop $58Frontier Find Deal Thu, Feb 8 - Mon, Feb 12 9:57 am - 12:35 pmMCO-LGA 2h 38mnonstop 9:14 pm - 12:24 amLGA-MCO 3h 10mnonstop $63Frontier Find Deal Fri, Feb 16 - Tue, Feb 20 6:25 am - 2:04 pmMCO-LGA 7h 39m1 stop 1:30 pm - 11:17 pmLGA-MCO 9h 47m1 stop $66Spirit Airlines Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Wed, Dec 13 10:15 pm - 9:00 amMCO-LGA 10h 45m1 stop 8:36 am - 3:06 pmLGA-MCO 6h 30m1 stop $69Spirit Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 10 - Tue, Jan 16 8:49 am - 11:30 amMCO-JFK 2h 41mnonstop 2:59 pm - 6:00 pmJFK-MCO 3h 01mnonstop $133JetBlue Find Deal Tue, Jan 9 - Tue, Jan 9 8:49 am - 11:30 amMCO-JFK 2h 41mnonstop 8:09 am - 11:06 amJFK-MCO 2h 57mnonstop $138JetBlue Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Tue, Jan 23 6:12 am - 10:30 amMCO-JFK 4h 18m1 stop 7:20 pm - 12:08 amJFK-MCO 4h 48m1 stop $154American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Mon, Jan 15 5:00 am - 9:25 amMCO-EWR 4h 25m1 stop 7:28 pm - 12:08 amEWR-MCO 4h 40m1 stop $154American Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 19 - Fri, Jan 19 4:00 pm - 6:45 pmMCO-JFK 2h 45mnonstop 3:43 pm - 6:49 pmJFK-MCO 3h 06mnonstop $163Delta Find Deal Thu, Dec 14 - Fri, Dec 15 6:10 am - 8:44 amMCO-LGA 2h 34mnonstop 3:50 pm - 6:50 pmLGA-MCO 3h 00mnonstop $168Delta Find Deal Sun, Jan 28 - Fri, Feb 2 Show more results Flights from Orlando to New York - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Orlando to New York to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest Orlando Airport to New York flight route? The cheapest price for flight routes found by users searching on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks for one-way flights from Orlando Airport to New York. Our data shows that the cheapest route for a one-way flight from Orlando Airport to New York cost $26 and was between Orlando Airport and New York LaGuardia Airport. On average, the best prices are found if you fly this route. The average price for a return flight for this route is $38. What is the cheapest month to fly from Orlando Airport to New York? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Orlando Airport to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Orlando Airport to New York is September, where tickets cost $118 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and April, where the average cost of tickets is $196 and $183 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Orlando Airport to New York? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Orlando Airport to New York, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Orlando Airport to New York, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 39 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Orlando Airport to New York? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on Frontier ($29) and Spirit Airlines ($33). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on Frontier ($58) and Spirit Airlines ($66). Which airlines fly non-stop between Orlando Airport and New York? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Orlando Airport to New York. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Orlando Airport to New York. They are: Delta, Frontier, JetBlue, Spirit Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with Frontier at $40 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Frontier. How many flights are there between Orlando Airport and New York per day? Each day, there are between 39 and 53 nonstop flights that take off from Orlando Airport and land in New York, with an average flight time of 2h 42m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning, while the most flights land at New York LaGuardia Airport. Each week, there are 325 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Thursday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Orlando Airport and New York? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 4 cabin class options for the route. These are First, Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Orlando Airport to New York take? A direct flight to New York will take on average 2h 34m to travel the 946 miles flying distance from Orlando Airport. What’s the earliest departure time from Orlando Airport to New York? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Orlando Airport at 5:05 am and will be landing in New York at 7:41 am. What’s the latest departure time from Orlando Airport to New York? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Orlando Airport to New York jets off at 10:35 pm and lands at 1:11 am. Good to know Low season April High season December Cheapest flight $29 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 15% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 24% increase in price. Flight from Orlando Airport to New York LaGuardia Airport When to book flights from Orlando to New York Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Orlando to New York based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Orlando Airport to New York flights Is Orlando International Airport a child-friendly airport? Orlando International Airport has a 3,000-gallon aquarium located in the food court where children can spend their time before departure. The airport also provides nursing mothers with a nursing room past security inside Terminal A that has a sink and comfortable seating. If the nursing room is fully occupied, nursing mothers can use the companion care restrooms that are on Terminals A and B on Levels 1 and 3. Is Orlando International Airport pet friendly? Orlando International Airport makes traveling with your furry friend a breeze as the airport provides pet relief areas both inside and outside the terminal. The pet relief areas outside the terminal are located on both the A side and B side on Level 2, making them easily accessible at both the west and east end of the building. However, the airport does not allow dogs inside the airport unless they are in an approved carrier or they are working dogs. What parking facilities does Orlando International Airport provide? Orlando International Airport offers a wide array of parking services with different prices and durations of stay. The airport’s parking lots are located throughout the premise, with terminal top parking, garage parking, and valet parking being provided. The airport also provides passengers with electric vehicles with electric vehicle charging at Parking Garage A and B. Payment for the parking lots can be made using either SunPass Plus, E-Pass, Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express, or cash. How do I get from the airport in New York City to downtown Manhattan? New York’s extensive public transit system allows you to access downtown Manhattan from any of the three airports in the city. To get from John F. Kennedy International Airport to downtown Manhattan, you'll need to take the AirTrain and the Subway. Taking the subway and bus is the most convenient option to get to the city from LaGuardia International Airport. Finally, the easiest way to get from Newark International Airport to the city is via the New Jersey Transit bus. Do I need a passport to fly between Orlando Airport and New York? A passport is not required to fly from Orlando Airport to New York. Which airports will I be using when flying from Orlando Airport to New York? Orlando Airport is served by only 1 airport and there are 3 airports in New York. You will leave Orlando Airport from Orlando and you will be arriving in New York at one of these airports: Newark, New York John F Kennedy Intl, or New York LaGuardia. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Orlando Airport to New York? Delta, JetBlue, Alaska Airlines, Air Canada, and Cape Air offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Orlando Airport to New York flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Orlando Airport to New York? The Airbus A321-100/200 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Orlando Airport to New York flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Orlando Airport to New York? SkyTeam, oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Orlando Airport and New York, with SkyTeam being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Orlando Airport to New York? There are nonstop flights from Orlando Airport to New York on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Orlando to New York, JetBlue or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Orlando to New York are JetBlue and Delta. With an average price for the route of $218 and an overall rating of 8.1, JetBlue is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $238 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Orlando Airport to New York? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Orlando Airport to New York. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Orlando Airport to New York? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to New York from Orlando Airport is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Orlando Airport to New York? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to New York with an airline and back to Orlando Airport with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Orlando Airport to New York? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to New York from Orlando Airport up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from Orlando to New York Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $99 or less one-way and $125 or less round-trip. When traveling out of Orlando International Airport (MCO), it is recommended that you arrive at least 3h before your scheduled time of departure to avoid inconveniences from TSA wait times. Make use of the lounges available at Orlando International Airport to relax or finish work before your time of departure. The lounges in the airport are located both inside and outside security at Terminals A and B. When flying into New York City, you have the option to fly into any of the city’s three major international airports: John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK), Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR), or LaGuardia International Airport (LGA). If you would wish to avoid the airport crowds that are common in New York City airports, plan to fly into Newark Liberty International Airport. Orlando’s public transit system facilitates public transportation to Orlando International Airport from the city via their Lynx bus service. These buses provide the most convenient public transportation to the airport from any part of the city. If you have an early flight from Orlando International Airport and have an early flight to New York, consider staying at the Hyatt Regency Hotel within the airport's main terminal. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Orlando to New York? Find which airlines fly direct from Orlando to New York, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Orlando to New York Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air Europa, Air France, +23 more Aer Lingus, Air Europa, +24 more 22 23 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +24 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +25 more 23 24 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air Europa, Air France, +23 more Aer Lingus, Air Europa, +24 more 22 23 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air Europa, Air France, +23 more Aer Lingus, Air Europa, +24 more 22 23 Friday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +23 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +24 more 22 23 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air Europa, Air France, +22 more Aer Lingus, Air Europa, +23 more 21 22 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +24 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +25 more 23 24 See more direct flights Nonstop returns New York to Orlando Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Air Europa, Air France, +22 more Aer Lingus, Air Europa, +23 more 21 22 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +24 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +25 more 23 24 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Air Europa, Air France, +21 more Aer Lingus, Air Europa, +22 more 20 21 Thursday Aer Lingus, Air Europa, Air France, +22 more Aer Lingus, Air Europa, +23 more 21 22 Friday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +24 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +25 more 23 24 Saturday Aer Lingus, Air Europa, Air France, +20 more Aer Lingus, Air Europa, +21 more 19 20 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, Air Europa, +23 more Aer Lingus, Aerolineas Argentinas, +24 more 22 23 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Orlando to New York See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Orlando to New York. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Orlando to New York? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.3 Alaska AirlinesOverall score based on 29972 reviews 85boarding 79food 82comfort 85overall 88crew 78entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "Wanted to watch movies, there were not available so had to resort to buying an hour internet pass"Read more about Alaska Airlines Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "Wanted to watch movies, there were not available so had to resort to buying an hour internet pass" Cons: "The inflight system was hard to use. The rented iPads had to be given back almost an hour before the end of the flight." Pros: "Andrew and James the flight attendants were fantastic. The flight crew was great. Very smooth flight." Pros: "Everything was superb! The airline I prefer did a great job! The seats, the food selections, the staff - everything!" Cons: "Nothing. Everything was just perfect!" Pros: "The plane was clean and the ticket was cheap." Cons: "Boarding process was needlessly complicated — just assign everybody a seat beforehand. Gate agents were rude. Seats are very uncomfortable and it’s difficult to sleep on red eyes. It should be prohibited to fly 737s cross-country." Pros: "The crew was very happy and welcoming." Cons: "We were late and I missed my flight. I was told Flt 452 from LAX to JFK is notoriously late. Also, there could have been more updates about our delayed arrival." Pros: "I just really like the customer experience with Alaska. I dislike flying, but Alaska makes things as painless as possible." Cons: "I don't think anything could've been better, it's not possible to be comfortable in coach, but we all already know that." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Should have let me cancel, or gave me credit for another flight, my schedule changers and I asked 2 months in advance, they could care less" Pros: "Crew very helpful especially considering I had a child with me. Boarding process was very easy. Departure process was very easy." Cons: "Food and seating could have been better considering the price for first class." Pros: "Fast boarding, nice crew, good flight!" Cons: "I know it was a late night flight but I expected more than just a little cookie and 1 drink for 5 hours and a half. The seats were fine but could be more comfortable." My flight was delayed, not by much.?very good communication during fest and waiting to board. Communication with airline electronically was difficult. No number seemed available to talk to customer service. What could have been better is if Discover credit card would be able to purchase food Crew was inconsistent in instructions in advising passengers about seat backs during take off. Perfunctory announcements except from cabin. The experience with Breeze was really great. The app makes managing flights easy. You can check in on there 24 hours in advance, and your boarding pass is there, too. The flight crew and the staff at both our airports were wonderful. Snacks and drinks were reasonably priced. The seats were very comfortable, they even had adjustable headrests on every seat. The only downside is not having entertainment or Wi-Fi available onboard. The price is amazing. I was worried about how the flight would be as I never flew then. Seats were very comfortable. We had lots of legroom. The Akron airport was really nice. Overall it didn't have the stress we usually experience with flying. Highly recommend Flight delayed and moved to another gate. Got a text message updating the gate as final boarding finished. Missed flight, fighting for my refund Prior to boarding we were told the flight was still on time up until about 20 minutes after the scheduled departure time. Details on the new departure time and gate were not provided to us in a timely fashion and we were lead to board a flight to Pittsburgh only to realized upon scanning my boarding pass that it was the wrong flight when signage at the gate said Providence. However, once on board the plane was comfortable and staff courteous and nice. Perfect. Even got a screwdriver in Pitt to fix my sons luggage. Awesome airline. Outside of a 30min delay getting back home; this an excellent airline and will definitely use again. Safe takeoff and landing Better snacks and coffee. Headphones for the TV monitors. Pros: "Crew, food, plane itself" Cons: "Flight delayed by 3+ hours, very little info given to passengers, slow boarding" Cons: "Passengers were loud, carried too much carry on luggage, and were generally crude." Pros: "The Pilot was very nice and fast. Got us to Newark in 1 hour and 40 minutes" Cons: "Seats, communication, everything" Pros: "The seat size was fine. The staff was great. The food options were good. The on-board wifi was very convenient." Cons: "The JetBlue app currently is broken. The mobile boarding passes disappear as soon as your first flight lands. Therefore you'll have to get a printed boarding pass at a counter if you have any connections. This is highly irritating." Pros: "The crew was very nice." Cons: "The passenger sitting next to me took up half my seat and I was not offered a seat change." Pros: "The crew was very friendly" Cons: "Boarding. No clear lines. Everyone is all over the place." Pros: "nothing" Cons: "the flight was hours late, they didn't offer an answer or apology and when we arrived the bags took way to long to arrive. Never flying jetblue ever again" Cons: "My seat’s tv wasn’t working. Also, controls on the seat for radio, channels, etc. didn’t work." Pros: "Unfortunately we had a technical problem which caused a delay, but crew members managed it very good and kept us informed. Also we received a $75 voucher for the inconveniences. Well done jetBlue!" Really big guy next to me Attendants moved him to an open row Pros: "Crew was amazing before and after the flight! Delta really showed if the world isn’t doing well, that their staff will keep those problems outside the plane and keep everyone calm and safe. Thank you Delta!" Cons: "Absolutely nothing. I’m going to join the miles points with Delta." Pros: "The crew was very friendly and it was a day fast flight." Cons: "No back of seat entertainment." Pros: "The flight attendants have so much patience, it’s amazing. Because passengers are idiots." Cons: "Do you really need to charge every person to pick their seat?" Cons: "Flight delayed 3 hours, then a seats were very cramped and uncomfortable" Cons: "Poor communication on delays. No wifi. No service. Couldn’t use lavatory." Pros: "Boarding was on time and we arrived early. The staff was also very friendly" Pros: "There was an incredibly large passenger next to me and I was essentially afforded only a quarter of my seat. It is not really fair for anyone to have to sit next to someone taking up twice their seat." Pros: "Clean and new planes, nice crew" Cons: "Terrible delays and schedule for no reason, nothing wrong with weather in either direction" Cons: "When we booked this trip via Kayak, we thought that we were booking on Westjet. Westjet knew nothing about the flight when we tried to check in." Cons: "Keep the business and star alliance gold boarding lanes open and exclusive for the respective customers for use at any time whenever they show up at the gate. Otherwise it is a chaos to board along with economy. Also, everything was broken in my business seat" Pros: "The seats were comfortable and more variety when it comes to entertainment. And better head phones!!!" Pros: "The food wasn’t bad, but Avianca used to give out more refreshments multiple times during the flight . Now they just give out water." Cons: "More comfortable seat. Leg room was very limited compared to other airlines." Cons: "The remote control in one of our seats didn't work" Cons: "There was no communication by Avianca staff & crew regarding the flight delay. I had a 10:49pm flight from BOG to JFK. Apparently the flight was delayed until 2:00am. I did not get an email or text alert relating to the delay. When I checked in at 9:00pm, the counter agent did not alert me to the change in departure time. It wasn't until I looked at the Departure board in the Avianca lounge did I know of the 3+ hr. delay. When we finally boarded, at least the captain was kind enough to explain the reason for the delay - Avianca needed to change aircrafts, then the originally slated captain called in sick and his replacement had to wait out the required time off as he had just completed a long haul flight from Canada to Colombia. Great job running a company Avianca..." Pros: "The stewardesses were helpful and the in flight entertainment was great." Cons: "Everything else." Cons: "Gate was changed 3 times. Fight was delayed 30 mins. No entertainment." Pros: "Good service in check-in, orderly boarding, fast in flight service" Cons: "You can not purchase premium beverages after the initial service" Cons: "Avianca decided to strand a bunch of passengers at 2am and the reason was that the pilot was "sick." When we asked to be switched to a different flight so we would not have to wait until 2pm the next day, they eventually booked us on an early flight. We stayed in the airport overnight in anticipation of this flight. The next morning they informed us 10 minutes before boarding that they delayed that flight so we could no longer make our connection. We had to spend 15 hours total in Bogota airport before being able to go home. Avianca used to never be this inconsistent with flights. They should not be allowed to do whatever they wish to passengers flights and offer minimal compensation when they inconvenience customers." Pros: "Last minute cancellation without any reasonable information, no respect for passengers." Alaska Airlines8.3 Breeze Airways8.2 JetBlue8.1 Delta7.9 Avianca7.9 Book cheap flights from Orlando to New York Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Orlando to New York found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/28Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 38mMCO-LGA $29 Search 2/8Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 36mMCO-LGA $30 Search 12/13Wed 1 stopSpirit Airlines 7h 39mMCO-LGA $33 Search 12/19Tue 1 stopSpirit Airlines 6h 01mMCO-EWR $35 Search 1/10Wed nonstopDelta 2h 38mMCO-JFK $69 Search 2/28Wed nonstopJetBlue 2h 36mMCO-JFK $74 Search 3/19Tue nonstopDelta 2h 36mMCO-LGA $74 Search 1/29Mon nonstopJetBlue 2h 45mMCO-EWR $84 Search 12/26Tue nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 41mMCO-EWR $94 Search 4/27Sat nonstopUnited Airlines 2h 43mMCO-EWR $179 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaJetBlueUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$40 or less$70 or less$80 or less$180 or less Last minute flights from Orlando to New York Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Orlando to New York that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 34mMCO-LGA 12/6Wed multi-stopSpirit Airlines 9h 47mLGA-MCO $105 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopSpirit Airlines 5h 57mMCO-LGA 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 3h 08mLGA-MCO $116 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 40mMCO-LGA 12/7Thu nonstopFrontier 3h 15mLGA-MCO $117 Search 12/2Sat nonstopFrontier 2h 40mMCO-LGA 12/3Sun nonstopFrontier 3h 15mLGA-MCO $118 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJetBlue 2h 41mMCO-JFK 1/4Thu nonstopJetBlue 2h 59mJFK-MCO $206 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 37mMCO-EWR 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 47mEWR-MCO $214 Search 12/2Sat nonstopJetBlue 2h 38mMCO-JFK 12/19Tue nonstopJetBlue 3h 02mJFK-MCO $238 Search 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 2h 39mMCO-LGA 12/19Tue nonstopDelta 2h 55mLGA-MCO $238 Search 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 2h 46mMCO-JFK 1/5Fri nonstopDelta 3h 07mJFK-MCO $253 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 25mMCO-EWR 12/7Thu multi-stopAmerican Airlines 4h 35mEWR-MCO $262 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierJetBlueAmerican AirlinesDelta Search by price$120 or less$120 or less$210 or less$240 or less$260 or less Orlando Airport - New York Flights Departure: Orlando Airport (MCO)United States Return flight deals: New York - Orlando Airport Cabin classes: $603 First Class flights to New York $636 Business Class flights to New York $386 Prem Econ Class flights to New York $38 Economy Class flights to New York Browse origins: Flights » United States » Florida » Orlando » Orlando Airport $61Flights from Orlando Airport to New York Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » New York State » New York $108Flights to New Windsor, New York $133Flights to New York John F Kennedy Intl Airport, New York $61Flights to New York LaGuardia Airport, New York $80Flights to Newark Airport, New York Compare transportation modes for Orlando Airport to New York Average price Average duration Flights $762 2h 36m Trains $270 0h 00m Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Houston Flights to Dallas Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Philadelphia Flights to Charlotte Flights to Hartford Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search New York flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to New York from Orlando Airport. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to New York from Orlando Airport. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.