Cheap Flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita from $254 | (LAX - NRT) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW LAX - NRT Find cheap flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport from $254 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/22. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Tokyo Narita Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Tokyo. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Los Angeles to Tokyo. How much is the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Narita?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Los Angeles to Narita that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 11:00 am - 4:00 pmLAX-NRT 36h 00m2 stops 7:05 pm - 11:00 pmNRT-LAX 20h 55m1 stop $535 Find Deal Sat, Jan 20 - Sat, Jan 27 4:55 pm - 1:15 pmLAX-NRT 27h 20m1 stop 7:05 pm - 11:00 pmNRT-LAX 20h 55m1 stop $564 Find Deal Thu, Jan 18 - Sat, Jan 27 9:30 am - 2:25 pmLAX-NRT 11h 55mnonstop 2:45 pm - 7:30 amNRT-LAX 9h 45mnonstop $628ZIPAIR Find Deal Tue, Dec 5 - Wed, Dec 13 9:30 am - 2:25 pmLAX-NRT 11h 55mnonstop 2:45 pm - 7:30 amNRT-LAX 9h 45mnonstop $631ZIPAIR Find Deal Tue, Dec 5 - Tue, Dec 12 12:45 pm - 5:30 pmLAX-NRT 11h 45mnonstop 6:15 pm - 11:15 amNRT-LAX 10h 00mnonstop $647Singapore Airlines Find Deal Sun, Feb 4 - Wed, Feb 7 10:30 am - 3:30 pmLAX-NRT 12h 00mnonstop 5:55 pm - 10:50 amNRT-LAX 9h 55mnonstop $657United Airlines Find Deal Sun, Jan 28 - Tue, Feb 6 10:30 am - 3:30 pmLAX-NRT 12h 00mnonstop 5:55 pm - 10:50 amNRT-LAX 9h 55mnonstop $658United Airlines Find Deal Wed, Feb 14 - Wed, Feb 28 12:45 pm - 5:30 pmLAX-NRT 11h 45mnonstop 6:15 pm - 11:15 amNRT-LAX 10h 00mnonstop $679Singapore Airlines Find Deal Wed, Jan 24 - Tue, Feb 6 11:30 am - 4:30 pmLAX-NRT 12h 00mnonstop 5:55 pm - 10:50 amNRT-LAX 9h 55mnonstop $716ANA Find Deal Mon, Jan 1 - Thu, Jan 25 8:19 am - 3:10 pmLAX-NRT 13h 51m1 stop 4:55 pm - 3:02 pmNRT-LAX 15h 07m1 stop $756ANA Find Deal Tue, Dec 12 - Tue, Dec 19 Show more results Flights from Los Angeles to Narita - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Los Angeles to Narita to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport is February, where tickets cost $648 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are December and June, where the average cost of tickets is $1,078 and $998 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 47 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The best deals for a one-way ticket found by KAYAK users over the last 3 days were on ZIPAIR ($294) and Singapore Airlines ($422). The cheapest round-trip tickets were found on ZIPAIR ($628) and Singapore Airlines ($647). Which airlines fly most frequently between Los Angeles and Tokyo Narita Airport? Japan Airlines connects Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport with up to 3 flights per day. ANA also offers 2 flights per day, while United Airlines follows with 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between Los Angeles and Tokyo Narita Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport. There are 5 airlines that fly nonstop from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport. They are: ANA, Japan Airlines, Singapore Airlines, United Airlines and ZIPAIR. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with ZIPAIR at $426 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at ZIPAIR. How many flights are there between Los Angeles and Tokyo Narita Airport per day? Each day, there are 9 nonstop flights that take off from Los Angeles and land in Tokyo Narita Airport, with an average flight time of 11h 54m. The most common departure time is 11:00 am and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 63 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 9. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Los Angeles and Tokyo Narita Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport take? Nonstop flights from Los Angeles generally make it to Tokyo Narita Airport in 11h 45m. The flying distance between the two cities is 5,436 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Los Angeles at 9:30 am and will be landing in Tokyo Narita Airport at 2:25 pm. What’s the latest departure time from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport jets off at 12:45 pm and lands at 5:30 pm. Good to know Low season August High season March Cheapest flight $254 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 4% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 14% increase in price. Flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport When to book flights from Los Angeles to Narita Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Los Angeles to Narita based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport flights Are there hotels near Tokyo Narita Airport (NTR)? If you're scheduled for a late evening arrival, consider spending a night at an elegant hotel around the airport. This saves you the hassle of commuting at night to your destination. Narita Tobu Hotel Airport is an excellent establishment around this area and offers fantastic amenities including a sauna and jacuzzi. What attractions are there around Tokyo Narita Airport (NRT)? Besides serving as a transit or layover hub, NRT has a lot to offer in its vicinity. A stop at the Naritasan Shinshoji, which lies about 5.2 miles away, delves you into the area’s rich religious heritage amidst beautiful parks. You can easily walk there in about 15min. If you’re on a shopping spree, head to the Shisui Premium Outlet Mall for a wide selection of international fashion brands. A Higashi Kanto Expressway bus will get you there in about 10min. Is there public transportation from Tokyo Narita Airport to downtown Tokyo? Tokyo Narita Airport lies about 50 miles from the city center of Tokyo. There are several ways to get there, including the NRT Airport Bus, Narita Shuttle, and train. However, the Keisei Skyliner train offers the easiest means to commute to downtown Tokyo in about 36min. You’ll get the trains at Narita Terminal 1 and Narita Terminal 2. Are there any accessibility services available for passengers at NRT upon their arrival? Tokyo Narita Airports is accessible to disabled passengers and persons with limited mobility. Make early arrangements to enjoy these services. Upon arrival from Los Angeles, you’ll get a wheelchair service and separate lines for easier access to the counters. Where can I find currency exchange offices at LAX Airport? You can find currency exchange offices at LAX Airport from Terminal 2 to Terminal 7 after you pass the Security area of the Departures zone. You can also find them at Tom Bradley International Terminal. You can also buy international SIM cards from currency exchange desks in LAX Airport, which might be smart to do before you travel to a foreign country. Which airlines offer non-stop flights from LAX to NRT? Japan Airlines, All Nippon Airways, Singapore Airlines, and United Airlines offer non-stop flights from LA to Tokyo. Is there a pet park available at LAX Airport? LAX Airport has small pet parks located between Terminal 1 and Terminal 2 and between Terminal 7 and Terminal 8. There is even a small doghouse, but make sure to clean up any mess your pet makes. There’s an additional pet park in the Tom Bradley International Terminal past the passenger-screening area. Pets are not allowed to run freely in the Central Terminal area. It is for the safety of your pet and others to keep your pet on a leash at all times. What transportation services are available for traveling between terminals at LAX Airport? LAX Airport offers a free bus service for passengers who need to move between terminals. Additionally, travelers can use the FlyAway bus service to get dropped off at the airport. Do I need a passport to fly between Los Angeles and Tokyo Narita Airport? Yes, you'll most likely have to show a valid passport before boarding the plane in Los Angeles and on arrival in Tokyo Narita Airport. Which airports will I be using when flying from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? Los Angeles and Tokyo Narita Airport are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave Los Angeles from Los Angeles and will be arriving at Tokyo Narita. Which airlines offer Wi-Fi service onboard planes from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? American Airlines, Japan Airlines, Alaska Airlines, and British Airways offer inflight Wi-Fi service on the Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport flight route. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? The Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? oneworld, and Star Alliance are the airline alliances operating flights between Los Angeles and Tokyo Narita Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? There are nonstop flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo, Japan Airlines or Singapore Airlines? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo are Japan Airlines and Singapore Airlines. With an average price for the route of $1,091 and an overall rating of 8.7, Japan Airlines is the most popular choice. Singapore Airlines is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $909 and an overall rating of 8.6. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Tokyo Narita Airport from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Tokyo Narita Airport with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline. Booking your flights between Los Angeles and NRT can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Tokyo Narita Airport from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from LAX to Tokyo Narita Airport Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $356 or less one-way and $728 or less round-trip. Relax after a long-haul voyage at the numerous lounges at the Tokyo Narita Airport (NRT). You’ll enjoy free Wi-Fi, a bathroom, and complimentary meals. Airlines such as Emirates Airways, Korean Airlines, and United Airlines operate lounges at NRT. It may be helpful to check with your airline as accessibility is usually limited to members or passengers with relevant cards. There are several transportation options from Los Angeles city center to LAX. However, the FlyAway bus is the most convenient option and it operates every day. The bus terminal is at Woodley Avenue in Van Nuys, and it takes around 35min to cover the distance between the two points in light traffic. Before taking your flight in Los Angeles, spare time and explore the various attractions found at the airport. Stroll through the various shops and browse the items on sale. They include bookstores, outposts of skincare, makeup, travel luggage, and technology shops. Also, the airport has some excellent art installations at the terminals for your viewing, including rotating exhibitions. Tokyo Narita Airport (NRT) is served by both buses and trains, with the latter providing easy connections from the airport to other neighboring cities, including Kawaguchi, Soka, Ichikawa, Matsudo, Chofu, and Kawasaki. If you're planning to fly Japan Airlines, you'll get excellent services at its hub at Tokyo Narita Airport. The hub is famous for its comfortable lounges, giving passengers much-needed relaxation and unwinding after a long-haul flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo. The hub facilitates faster clearance of its clients, and you're sure to avoid long lines at the carousel. To avoid vehicle congestion around the terminals at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX), it is recommended that you use one of the numerous parking options, which includes covered parking, in structures opposite the airline terminals. If you have to wait for several hours to board your flight at LAX Airport, there are several art exhibits you can check out while you’re waiting. Check out the exhibits The Letting Go, Lucent Shifts, A Letter to the Future, Window Seat, LA Made, In Search of Rainbows and Stardust, and others. Keep in mind that there are new exhibits added and updated at LAX from time to time. If you’re traveling with family and waiting for a flight departure, LAX Airport has the renowned PUP program (“Pets Unstressing Passengers”) to ease the anxieties that travelers face before flying. The animals can be found roaming around the Departures zones of the airport. After you arrive in Tokyo, Narita Airport can help you make reservations at nearby hotels in Tokyo’s metropolitan area. You can book a room at the nine hours Narita Airport capsule hotel, if it suits your needs. If not, there are two reservation centers on the first floor of the airport. If you‘re in Terminal 1, you can find the Travel Center (JTB) to assist you. If you’re in Terminal 2, you can visit the Hotel Reservation Counter (Telecomsquare) for hotel assistance. In the event that you’ve brought your pet overseas but cannot take your pet with you to Tokyo, Narita Airport has a pet hotel. It’s called the Pet Inn ROYAL, which is located on the 1st floor in Terminal 2. The pet hotel even includes a clipping salon and veterinary service. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita? Find which airlines fly direct from Los Angeles to Narita, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Search Flights Monday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +9 more ANA, Air India, +10 more 8 9 Tuesday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +9 more ANA, Air India, +10 more 8 9 Wednesday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +9 more ANA, Air India, +10 more 8 9 Thursday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +9 more ANA, Air India, +10 more 8 9 Friday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +9 more ANA, Air India, +10 more 8 9 Saturday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +9 more ANA, Air India, +10 more 8 9 Sunday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +9 more ANA, Air India, +10 more 8 9 See more direct flights Nonstop returns Tokyo Narita to Los Angeles Search Flights Monday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +8 more ANA, Air India, +9 more 7 8 Tuesday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +8 more ANA, Air India, +9 more 7 8 Wednesday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +8 more ANA, Air India, +9 more 7 8 Thursday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +8 more ANA, Air India, +9 more 7 8 Friday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +8 more ANA, Air India, +9 more 7 8 Saturday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +8 more ANA, Air India, +9 more 7 8 Sunday ANA, Air India, Alaska Airlines, +8 more ANA, Air India, +9 more 7 8 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Los Angeles to Narita See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Los Angeles to Tokyo. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Los Angeles to Narita? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4664 reviews 85entertainment 88overall 89boarding 86comfort 90crew 84food Airline reviews Pros: "The entertainment system, the leg room, the toilets with complimentary tooth brushes. JAL hit it out of the park." Cons: "Not one thing."Read more about Japan Airlines Pros: "The entertainment system, the leg room, the toilets with complimentary tooth brushes. JAL hit it out of the park." Cons: "Not one thing." Pros: "The coach seats were larger than seats for domestic flights. The windows were dimmable for optimal lighting." Cons: "The armrests did not go up all the way, which made it difficult to maximize comfort with my travel partner." Pros: "Crew was amazingly nice, friendly and very helpful..." Cons: "The 767 business class seat from Tokyo to Jakarta could be better. Movies and other entertainment needs more variety. Not enough movies..." Cons: "PA announcements could have been louder. I also had difficulty understanding when I could hear the English words." Pros: "Professionalism with friendliness of the crew and the service provided." Cons: "No issues with flight and boarding." Pros: "Food wasn’t bad and flight crew were polite Flight took off around the time intended. Boarded and deplaned passengers quickly" Cons: "Flight was too warm for 11hrs and I had to ask for temp to be reduced. Very stuffy Didn’t have sparkling water after 4hrs or ginger ale" Cons: "Japan airline will end the flights from Narita to Incheon on 3/25 which doesn’t work for my future trips." Pros: "The seats were comfortable, the staff was lovely and accommodating, and the food was delicious." Cons: "The WiFi was very weak and barely connected to any website. It couldn’t connect to Netflix, but luckily the in-flight movies were okay." Pros: "Seats were comfortable. Food was very good and snacks and drinks were offered frequently. Plenty of entertainment on the in-seat TV consoles. Gave me a pillow and blanket and the seat reclined a bit so I could sleep some. The airline staff were polite and helpful." Cons: "Nothing, it was a very positive experience." Pros: "Let's face it - flying b-class is pretty awesome, so for $3300, it was really great. Loved the food selections, though I did feel the food was a little on the heavy side. I had the Japanese fare, which was lighter, but a little more salted than what I prefer - but over all very good. Service was amazing - the crew is super-nice. The plane, a massive 787 jet, absorbed the turbulence like it was nothing. It was like riding in one of those Cadillacs from the 1970's. The lavatories were big enough that I could actually stand up straight (and I'm 6'0"). The seats were pretty good as well - they had a feature for extension of the seating surface to allow for more thigh support (which I love) as well as great lumbar support. the movie selection was OK - neither great nor bad, and I ended up watching 4 movies during the flight anyway. ;)" Cons: "I preface this section by saying that I'm being very nit-picky here - there's not much I can really say, except that the seats, while they will recline to a flat surface, which is great for dozing off, they are angled about 15 degrees so you're constantly sliding down them in that position. Also, there could be more support for your head in the reclined position - I had to futz with pillows and a blanket to get that comfortable. However, the reclined position was the most comfortable, and I could get it so that I was sufficiently reclined with my legs extended and horizontal, while laying back without sliding down. This was sufficient for resting. I'm only mentioning this because I flew a business class flight on Delta in 2015 which had ridiculously amazing seats that reclined all the way flat and horizontal. On the 9-11 hour flight from Tokyo back to San Diego, which will take place mainly at night, this would be a very useful feature." Pros: "Crew was very nice, toilets clean." Cons: "Flight delayed 2 times, didn’t receive text or Email from the second delayed" Cons: "The planes are pretty outdated especially the connecting flights from Narita to HKG" Cons: "Food was really unpleasant and entertainment all out of date movies" Pros: "The crew was great, friendly and helpful. The food was good and the overall service on the plane was great." Cons: "Our flight was delayed from Los Angeles and we did not make our connecting flight in Tokyo. The next option they had was a full 24 hours later so we ended up taking the train. I tried to make adjustments to one of my flights for the return home and was told that is not an option." Pros: "The crew was fantastic and the food was very nice." Cons: "It really would have been nice to have a vegetarian option!" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "After they told about change my flight to Asiana I finally agreed but I had to walk by myself to Asiana, ANA couldnt at least to make the changes to avoid me long time to stand in line by asiana airlines. I would never recomend ANA" Pros: "Very comfortable flights. Exceptional crew on and off the planes. Great food and drink/snack options. Lots of entertainment options as well." Cons: "I have no complaints abouts my flights. Travel is tough at times but ANA made it seem easy." Pros: "Everything about this airline made my flight pleasant. The staff were polite and accommodating" Pros: "I liked how much leg room we had. I also liked the movie selection and the food." Cons: "It would have been nice to have water more frequently during the flight." Pros: "Staff were very helpful and the food was good." Cons: "The place where we at, the aircon/ fan is not working, my husband and I tried but still not working, uncomfortable feeling for a long trip , prior to this we had a long walk to find our gate number because it's in the new building. Our plane delayed so we arrived late at Tokyo causing to missed our plane connection then the crew helped us( very accommodating) for our transfer from Narita international airport to Haneda International airport with Limo bus, 1 & 1/2 hour ride with our luggages and waited for 8 hrs to be on board in a different airline." I didn’t get to go, and no refund was available after asking for 2 months The crew was so kind! I had such a nice flight ！ Cons: "Flight was a little warm but was able to get it cooler via help from crew but got warmer again towards the end of flight. Overall good flight though" Pros: "I liked the size of the cups for drinks: smaller than usual." Cons: "You could train some of your crews to behave more polite to the customers like they do in the Japanese airlines. Male crews tended to be nicer than female crews." Pros: "The crew was amazing. It was my first time flying so I was a little nervous but they made me feel safe and welcomed. The friendly crew was honestly what made the whole experience great." Cons: "The lunch part at the end was a little late we had just had a snack and a small sandwich so we didn't eat a lot. But food was great!" Pros: "crew handled the tough crowd well, but were not extremely hospitable" Cons: "food was disgusting" Pros: "Nothing." Cons: "Everything. Singapore Airlines had a great reputation. Imagine my disappointment. It was a horrible flight. The crew was nice enough, but inattentive. The food, if such a term may be applied here, was inedible. Just vile. In flight entertainment was a complete joke. Boarding was awful, but it always is. Seats were extremely uncomfortable. This racket is the ultimate way to rip somebody off of $1000. Horrible." Pros: "The inflight entertainment was great, lots of movie selections" Cons: "The leg room was horrible. Honestly the worst space I've ever had in a flight. I was shocked considering Singapore air is considered one of the best airlines" Pros: "I loved everything! The plane was well maintained, the crew were friendly and attentive, the flight was comfortable even for such long hours. Food was also great! In flight entertainment had recent movies and shows, even international selections." Pros: "The aircraft is very new and comfortable! The boarding is orderly and well managed" Cons: "Free wifi onboard!" Pros: "super friendly crew making sure u had snacks and drinks ,smiling the whole time. thank.you!" Cons: "maybe if i could hve plugged inmy own headphines but no big deal. thank you!" Pros: "Nothing was real impressive but nothing really bad for a budget airline." Cons: "the food, entertainment options (movies) the service including drinks, the plane itself and the overall airline could all be much better." Pros: "The crew were very friendly and professional. Economy seats were slightly better than most, but the configuration of the 2 seats was good 2 of us to have our own area. Food was good." Cons: "Boarding was hectic and unorganized, but functional. Movies/TV shows were limited compared to other airlines. I am taller so seating in any economy seat is cramped at best." Pros: "My flight to Los Angeles was great comfortable seats and the food was very good" Cons: "Unfortunately my flight from Los Angeles to Christchurch was cancelled the plane had a mishap on the runway colliding with another plain so was booked on an Air New Zealand flight back to Auckland the following night it was good of Fiji air to put me up in the Crowne Plaza near airport lovely hotel" Pros: "I love the workers, I love the entertainment. The pilot did a great job." Pros: "Service was so perfect especially on board,staff are friendly and very helpful" Cons: "When we get to Fiji entrance was so hot ,no air conditioner staff are so slow and only one staff serve ,people has to wait for long time ,don’t mind waiting but was so hot to wait for long especially with kids" Pros: "They had vegetarian options at every in-flight meal. Heaven! Flight staff were all extremely attentive and polite." Cons: "Seats are cramped (as with most budget travel) and entertainment options were not very good. Movies were mainly very old and games not very interesting." Pros: "Boarded on time. Good flight. The curry chicken was spicy, but good. Concerns on weight totals for luggage for checked (50 lbs) and carry-on bag (15 lbs). Never weighed either bag. Was prepared though just in case they did weigh, as we’d read about $150 overweight surcharge." Cons: "Too cold- The air con was pumping too high everyone was freezing" Een prijsvechter, dus dat moet je ook verwachten. Voor alles moet je betalen. We hebben vooraf een maaltijd en een amenitiesset besteld. Die kregen we netjes uitgereikt aan boord. Het is BYOD voor het amusement tijdens de vlucht en dit werkte uitstekend. Geen trage wifi, helemaal niet. Alles kost geld, zelfs een flesje water. Misschien op langere vluchten wel gratis water, thee, koffie. Maar daarentegen mag je na de security je lege drinkflessen gewoon vullen en mee aan boord nemen Wifi could have been better. Arrived 55 mins earlier than scheduled :) Best part are two crying babies throughout the whole 11 hour trip Clean and comfortable cabin. Friendly on board service. No vegetarian food options and movie options were very limited. Internet was very slow I didn’t eat the food but there wasn’t an option. Seat was a little too small for me but everything else was great Never again on Zipair. People please spend a little extra to fly on better airlines. After all, it’s your vacation! No screen TV, internet sucks. You can’t change or modify anything after purchasing your tickets, Our friends tried to change from paying for carryon to checking in bags. No no no, you’d have to pay for whatever the check in bags cost. Myself, change my mind and continue to travel to other destinations after Japan. The only refund they were going to paying me back was $67.00 tax? So I’ve decided to just let my family use the extra seats and take my carry on back with them. At Narita airport, they’re not allowed my husband to my carry on back with them although I’ve already paid for. He end up have to paid $50.00 to check in that bag? You tell me, do you want to travel with Zipair? Hell no! Inflight WiFi would lose connection when you don't continuously use it, and would sometimes be difficult to reconnect. Food quality could be a bit better. Other than that, it was excellent. i requested refund and among $800 i got refunded 100 bucks :) how can it be possible? Staff didn't speak much English but were attentive. Not one time was I offered a snack or complimentary drink. English on the website detailing items allowed in checked bag or carry-on could have been more clear. In flight WiFi had errors, cut out, and needed to constantly reconnect. Japan Airlines8.7 ANA8.6 Singapore Airlines8.6 Fiji Airways7.6 ZIPAIR7.3 Book cheap flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Los Angeles to Tokyo found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/22Mon 2 stops 33h 15mLAX-NRT $254 Search 1/22Mon 1 stop 27h 20mLAX-NRT $262 Search 1/18Thu 1 stop 27h 20mLAX-NRT $263 Search 1/13Sat 2 stops 36h 00mLAX-NRT $268 Search 1/19Fri 1 stop 37h 15mLAX-NRT $273 Search 12/5Tue nonstopZIPAIR 11h 55mLAX-NRT $294 Search 12/5Tue nonstopZIPAIR 11h 55mLAX-NRT $311 Search 1/31Wed nonstopSingapore Airlines 11h 45mLAX-NRT $422 Search 2/9Fri nonstopSingapore Airlines 11h 45mLAX-NRT $472 Search 1/31Wed 1 stopFiji Airways 27h 45mLAX-NRT $513 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineZIPAIRSingapore AirlinesFiji Airways Search by price$260 or less$270 or less$290 or less$420 or less$510 or less Last minute flights from Los Angeles to Narita Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue nonstopZIPAIR 11h 55mLAX-NRT 12/13Wed nonstopZIPAIR 9h 45mNRT-LAX $628 Search 12/5Tue nonstopZIPAIR 11h 55mLAX-NRT 12/12Tue nonstopZIPAIR 9h 45mNRT-LAX $631 Search 12/5Tue nonstopJapan Airlines 11h 50mLAX-NRT 12/12Tue multi-stopJapan Airlines 12h 46mNRT-LAX $751 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 37h 40mLAX-NRT 12/12Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 17h 42mNRT-LAX $865 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopAir Canada 30h 15mLAX-NRT 12/11Mon multi-stopAir Canada 15h 03mNRT-LAX $868 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopAir Canada 28h 12mLAX-NRT 12/12Tue multi-stopAir Canada 16h 58mNRT-LAX $872 Search 12/3Sun nonstopJapan Airlines 11h 50mLAX-NRT 12/12Tue nonstopJapan Airlines 9h 40mNRT-LAX $895 Search 12/4Mon nonstopUnited Airlines 12h 00mLAX-NRT 12/28Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 9h 55mNRT-LAX $917 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 11h 50mLAX-NRT 12/8Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 9h 40mNRT-LAX $941 Search 12/1Fri nonstopAmerican Airlines 11h 50mLAX-NRT 12/8Fri multi-stopAmerican Airlines 20h 38mNRT-LAX $952 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineZIPAIRJapan AirlinesUnited AirlinesAir CanadaAmerican Airlines Search by price$630 or less$870 or less$870 or less$920 or less$950 or less Los Angeles - Tokyo Narita Airport Flights Departure: Los Angeles (LAX)United States Destination: Tokyo Narita Airport (NRT)Japan Return flight deals: Tokyo Narita Airport - Los Angeles Cabin classes: First Class flights to Tokyo $1,860 Business Class flights to Tokyo $1,678 Prem Econ Class flights to Tokyo $613 Economy Class flights to Tokyo Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » Los Angeles $538Flights from Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Japan » Tokyo » Tokyo Narita Airport $538Flights to Tokyo Narita Airport, Tokyo Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to Oakland Flights to San Jose Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Tokyo Narita Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to Tokyo Narita Airport from Los Angeles. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to Tokyo Narita Airport from Los Angeles. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.