Cheap Flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow from $226 | (SFO - LHR) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW SFO - LHR Find cheap flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport from $226 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 1/30. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to London Heathrow Airport These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to London. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from San Francisco to London. How much is the cheapest flight from San Francisco to Heathrow?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from San Francisco to Heathrow that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 7:55 pm - 12:55 pmSFO-LHR 33h 00m2 stops 6:40 am - 6:05 pmLHR-SFO 19h 25m1 stop $432Scandinavian Airlines Find Deal Fri, Jan 12 - Mon, Jan 15 4:40 pm - 5:30 pmSFO-LHR 16h 50m1 stop 6:00 am - 2:55 pmLHR-SFO 16h 55m1 stop $479TAP AIR PORTUGAL Find Deal Thu, Feb 22 - Thu, Mar 7 7:00 pm - 1:30 pmSFO-LHR 34h 30m1 stop 12:05 pm - 4:15 pmLHR-SFO 36h 10m1 stop $538United Airlines Find Deal Thu, Feb 8 - Sun, Feb 11 1:00 pm - 7:30 amSFO-LHR 10h 30mnonstop 8:50 am - 4:15 pmLHR-SFO 15h 25m1 stop $627United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Jan 30 - Wed, Feb 7 6:40 pm - 12:55 pmSFO-LHR 10h 15mnonstop 6:20 am - 1:05 pmLHR-SFO 14h 45m1 stop $637Virgin Atlantic Find Deal Fri, Feb 16 - Sat, Feb 24 4:30 pm - 10:55 amSFO-LHR 10h 25mnonstop 11:05 am - 2:15 pmLHR-SFO 11h 10mnonstop $643British Airways Find Deal Thu, Jan 11 - Mon, Jan 22 4:25 pm - 10:50 amSFO-LHR 10h 25mnonstop 11:10 am - 2:15 pmLHR-SFO 11h 05mnonstop $644British Airways Find Deal Wed, Apr 17 - Fri, May 3 9:00 pm - 7:55 pmSFO-LHR 14h 55m1 stop 5:30 pm - 8:30 pmLHR-SFO 11h 00mnonstop $648Virgin Atlantic Find Deal Tue, Apr 16 - Tue, Apr 23 5:25 pm - 12:00 pmSFO-LHR 10h 35mnonstop 9:20 am - 12:30 pmLHR-SFO 11h 10mnonstop $652Lufthansa Find Deal Wed, Dec 13 - Fri, Dec 22 4:00 pm - 10:25 amSFO-LHR 10h 25mnonstop 4:15 pm - 7:15 pmLHR-SFO 11h 00mnonstop $659Lufthansa Find Deal Wed, May 1 - Tue, May 14 Show more results Flights from San Francisco to Heathrow - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from San Francisco to Heathrow to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What is the cheapest month to fly from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport is February, where tickets cost $682 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are June and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,286 and $1,182 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 19 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. The cheapest return flight ticket from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport found by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours was for $432 on Scandinavian Airlines, followed by TAP AIR PORTUGAL ($479). One-way flight deals have also been found from as low as $226 on WestJet and from $286 on Scandinavian Airlines. Which airlines fly most frequently between San Francisco and London Heathrow Airport? British Airways connects San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport with up to 3 flights per day. United Airlines also offers 2 flights per day, while Virgin Atlantic follows with 2 flights per day. Which airlines fly non-stop between San Francisco and London Heathrow Airport? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport. There are 3 airlines that fly nonstop from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport. They are: British Airways, United Airlines and Virgin Atlantic. The cheapest price of all airlines flying this route was found with British Airways at $622 for a one-way flight. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at Virgin Atlantic. How many flights are there between San Francisco and London Heathrow Airport per day? Each day, there are between 4 and 8 nonstop flights that take off from San Francisco and land in London Heathrow Airport, with an average flight time of 10h 25m. The most common departure time is 6:00 pm and most flights take off in the evening. Each week, there are 50 flights. The most frequent day of departure is Sunday, when 16% of all weekly flights depart. The fewest flights depart on a Tuesday. Which cabin class options are there for flights between San Francisco and London Heathrow Airport? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 3 cabin class options for the route. These are Business, Economy and Prem Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport take? The duration of a nonstop flight to London Heathrow Airport from San Francisco is typically 10h 15m. The journey crosses a distance of 5,350 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport? Early birds can take the earliest flight from San Francisco at 1:00 pm and will be landing in London Heathrow Airport at 7:30 am. What’s the latest departure time from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport jets off at 8:45 pm and lands at 3:15 pm. Good to know Low season January High season June Cheapest flight $226 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 20% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 48% increase in price. Flight from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport When to book flights from San Francisco to Heathrow Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from San Francisco to Heathrow based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport flights What options are there for going from downtown San Francisco to San Francisco International Airport (SFO)? You can always choose to go from downtown San Francisco to San Francisco International Airport (SFO) via public transportation, such as bus lines 91 and 397, which will bring you to the travel hub in just under 1 hour. An easy way to head to the airport is by driving, a trip that will generally take you around 15 to 20 minutes in total, depending on what traffic is like at the time. What different cities are served by London Heathrow Airport (LHR)? While London Heathrow Airport (LHR) primarily serves the city of London, it is also the main arrival airport for other towns in the region. For example, if you are going to the towns of Hounslow, Hayes, or Staines-upon-Thames, you will first need to fly into LHR before then going to your final destination. Does San Francisco International Airport (SFO) offer any amenities for travelers with limited mobility? San Francisco International Airport (SFO) is equipped with elevators and ramps in order to make it accessible for travelers in wheelchairs. If you or someone that you are traveling with will need additional assistance, airport employees are also available to help you, including with navigating the airport and going through security. What dining options are available at London Heathrow Airport (LHR)? If you are hungry once you have landed at London Heathrow Airport (LHR), you can choose from a variety of dining options. For example, Carluccio’s, Costa, and Giraffe are all restaurant options that you will find in the Departure terminals. Are there any hotels located directly at San Francisco International Airport (SFO)? If you have an early flight out of San Francisco International Airport (SFO), you may want to book a nearby hotel room for the night before. The Grand Hyatt at SFO is located on airport property and can be directly accessed by taking the AirTrain. Does San Francisco International Airport (SFO) have any pet relief areas? There are outdoor animal relief areas near Terminals 1 and 3 of San Francisco International Airport (SFO), as well as indoor animal relief areas in each terminal. You can easily find these zones by following the painted pawprints that are on the ground. Are there nonstop flights from San Francisco to Heathrow Airport? It is possible to fly directly into London from San Francisco. American Airlines and British Airways offer direct London flight deals, making the two airlines highly sought after by business travelers. However, you’ll have to add a few dollars for a ticket. Other airlines, such as Lufthansa, Aer Lingus, KLM, and Finnair have one-stop flights with one or multiple layovers in Frankfurt, Munich, Dublin, Amsterdam, and Helsinki. Where can I find car rental companies at Heathrow Airport? If you prefer driving to your hotel or the city center from Heathrow Airport, you can rent a car from the car rental agencies located at every terminal's arrival concourses. You can rent a vehicle from some renowned companies, such as National, Avis, Europcar, Alamo, Enterprise Rent-A-Car, and Budget. How can I get to London City from Heathrow Airport? You can access London city from Heathrow Airport by bus. The National Express buses depart the Heathrow Central Station, nestled between Terminals 2 and 3, every 15min. The journey takes about 50min. You can also take the Heathrow Express Trains that connect to Paddington Station in London. Fares cost around £15.87 ($22) - £18.04 ($25). Otherwise, take the typical black taxis, Minicabit, or cabs, which might charge about £2.89 ($4) - £5.05 ($7). You can also book a Heathrow Shuttle Transfer to your hotel or city center, although these have several stops. Where are the airport lounges at San Francisco Airport? There are about seven lounges at San Francisco Airport (SFO) where you can relax and enjoy VIP services before your Heathrow (LHR) flight. They include the Air France-KLM Lounge (International Terminal A), American Airlines Admirals Club (Terminal 1), The Centurion Lounge (Terminal 3), Delta Sky Club (Terminal 2), Japan Airlines Sakura Lounge (Terminal A, immediately next to Gate A1), and others. Do I need a passport to fly between San Francisco and London Heathrow Airport? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport? San Francisco and London Heathrow Airport are both served by 1 main airport. You will leave San Francisco from San Francisco and will be arriving at London Heathrow. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport? The Boeing 777 is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport? oneworld, Star Alliance, and SkyTeam are the airline alliances operating flights between San Francisco and London Heathrow Airport, with Star Alliance being the most commonly used for this route. On which days can I fly direct from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport? There are nonstop flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from San Francisco to London, Virgin Atlantic or Delta? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from San Francisco to London are Virgin Atlantic and Delta. With an average price for the route of $873 and an overall rating of 8.0, Virgin Atlantic is the most popular choice. Delta is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $868 and an overall rating of 7.9. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to London Heathrow Airport from San Francisco is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to London Heathrow Airport with an airline and back to San Francisco with another airline. Booking your flights between San Francisco and LHR can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to London Heathrow Airport from San Francisco up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from SFO to London Heathrow Airport Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $575 or less one-way and $707 or less round-trip. If you would like to have a working cellphone during your time in London, you can always purchase a SIM card from Sim Local at London Heathrow Airport (LHR). This shop provides travelers with a variety of SIM and phone plan options, and you can purchase UK charging blocks and cables here as well. Travelers that forgot to pack something can always go shopping at one of the many stores that are located at San Francisco International Airport (SFO). You can buy things like snacks and travel items from Hudson News, as well as from Skyline News + Gifts. Those that would like to freshen up after a long day of traveling can always choose to take a shower once they have landed at London Heathrow Airport (LHR). Shower facilities can be found in several of the airport’s lounges, including the Plaza Premium Lounge and the Aspire Lounge. You can access these services by paying a small fee. Are you traveling for business? San Francisco Airport (SFO) offers business-centric services to make your trip as productive and convenient as possible. There is a Business Center in the International Terminal Main Building with free Wi-Fi, charging outlets, fax and copying solutions. Flight boarding and cargo handling can be more convenient if you're at the right terminal. If you booked a Virgin Atlantic or British Airways ticket from San Francisco Airport (SFO), it would be best to check-in at the International Terminal. However, American Airlines depart from Terminal 2. Do you have a lot of baggage and require inter-terminal transport at London-Heathrow Airport (LHR)? There are bus shuttles that transfer passengers from the arrival terminals to the Main Arrival Hall. You can also take the underground train, but you'll have to purchase a ticket at the terminal station. Families will relish flying from San Francisco Airport (SFO) because it has many family-friendly amenities. The airport provides baggage assistance, nursing rooms, and children's play areas in Terminals 1, 2, and 3. Travelers driving to the airport can find plenty of parking spaces within the San Francisco hub. You can park at the International Garage A or G. These charge about $2 per 15min, with a daily maximum of around $36. There's also a long-term parking lot with a daily maximum of about $18. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from San Francisco to London Heathrow? Find which airlines fly direct from San Francisco to Heathrow, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures San Francisco to London Heathrow Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights Nonstop returns London Heathrow to San Francisco Search Flights Monday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Tuesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Wednesday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Thursday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Friday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Saturday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 Sunday Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, Air Canada, +15 more Aer Lingus, Aeromexico, +16 more 14 15 See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from San Francisco to Heathrow See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from San Francisco to London. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from San Francisco to Heathrow? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.1 JetBlueOverall score based on 19621 reviews 86crew 82overall 83boarding 82comfort 79entertainment 78food Airline reviews Cons: "Flight turned around halfway and returned to origin airport. A full explanation was never given."Read more about JetBlue Cons: "Flight turned around halfway and returned to origin airport. A full explanation was never given." Pros: "Good legroom in economy. Friendly, helpful flight attendants. Multiple snack choices." Cons: "More LA SF Bay Area flight options." Cons: "They had to reset entertainment sets 3 times before they started working. This happens regularly on the SFO to BOS jetblue flight." Cons: "Poor movie selection/ purchase for outdated headphones required. No USB." Cons: "Entertainment screen in our section of the plane were not functioning correctly. The crew made several attempts to reset the screens but it didn't work," Pros: "Each seat had power outlet for laptop as well as a USB port" Pros: "Despite being a smaller airline I must say I’m completely floored by how much I enjoyed my flight with JetBlue! The free WiFi is a game changer compared to the greedier airlines that charge through the roof for it and the staff has been incredibly kind. ‏ Also, the flight attendants were really sweet. I watched them diffuse a few situations that most people would have ended up making worse. Not to mention this is the only airline that actually OFFERED to assist me getting on the plane. I sometimes request assistance, but I really needed it last night and they offered without a second thought. I had only come up to the desk to ask about reprinting my ticket. As soon as I went up to the desk to ask about reprinting my ticket, they immediately asked if I was ready to preboard. The man who helped wheel me out of the plane at JFK was very considerate as well and asked if I wanted to go to the restroom before going out to the gate. He wheeled me all the way to the car where my husband was waiting. Every member of the Jet Blue staff I met this weekend was exemplary. If I can help it I will always fly Jet Blue when I fly nationally." Cons: "The gate was not as clean or neat as other gates. My flight was also delayed by two hours." Cons: "The plane was 2 hours late with no explanation and no apology until we were getting off the plane." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Booked to travel with others and return flight itinerary was changed prior to our trip. Friends have to wait longer at airport and we now have to leave earlier. Outbound plane broke and we ended up leaving 3 hours late. Updates were poor and we were left wondering what was happening. Got to our destination at 3am. Given a $75 credit that can only be used for future tickets. Why not for baggage or seat upgrades? Not planning to fly this airline any time soon." Pros: "I love the complementary drinks, snacks and WiFi. Direct TV & Sirius XM radio is also included! The staff is always nice and friendly. I like that you are allowed 1 carry on and one personal item under your seat." Cons: "I think there could be more leg room or space. Tha man next to me kept rubbing against me every time he took a sip of his drink. Otherwise no complaints!" Pros: "Nothing. There was no flight. The flight was cancelled and you did not notify us. We found it out ourselves by accident. We tried to contact you guys but we could not call or anything other. You guys suck" Cons: "Notify your customers when the flight is cancelled. Thats the least you can do. Very unprofessional" Pros: "Good crew, food was good for airline food. Entertainment offerings were good." Cons: "Too many seats, 3-4-3 configuration means not even enough room to walk down aisle without bumping people in their narrow seats." Pros: "Crew were great" Cons: "Cabin kept very hot, very difficult to sleep. Seats were so-so comfortable" Pros: "Orderly boarding process. Considerate reseating when bulkhead with extra legroom were not usable." Pros: "The crew was amazingly efficient serving food and drink. In the recline position the seat bottom extended which was far more comfortable than simply reclining." Cons: "The food was mediocre and the selection of movies was very limited." Pros: "Smooth transfer from Terminal 3 to the International Terminal. Great airport. Easy boarding, friendly crew and very smooth flight." Cons: "I was very happy with my flight experience with Swiss." Pros: "The seat was ok, I paid $ 115 per Trip ( total of $ 230) just to sit at the emergency exit to have some leg room and then I am sitting next to the bathroom and people stepping on my feet because they tend to hang out around the bathroom." Cons: "The flight attendant not wearing perfume. Food was very poor to say the least." Pros: "The crew" Cons: "Boarding by rows and not like cows all at one time" Pros: "The food was great. The service is excellent. Swiss Air gets an A+." Cons: "Did NOT know ticket was economy light!!!! I WAS UPSET WE HAD TO PAY BAGGAGE FEE!!!!" Pros: "Crew are always top notch, free drinks are readily available and entertainment system is great." Cons: "The food portions and quality have definitely declined over the years sadly, as carriers cut costs no doubt." Pros: "Amazing crew, excellent drinks and decent food. Very comfortable seat" Cons: "Everything was great" Pros: "Crew was great !!!" Cons: "Seating in upper class is uncomfortable and bedding is not fresh." Pros: "crew was nice" Cons: "First time flying with a partner through Delta, so they stuck us on a Virgin Atlantic flight meaning I didn't get my free Delta check in bag (a fee of $60 each way) when I have gotten it every other flight I have ever taken with them. It was also 2 whole hours late in boarding." Pros: "The flight itself was good! The one from London to Delhi was better than from JFK to London" Cons: "I wasn’t told about my baggage were being delivered through different airlines the other day!" Pros: "Food was delicious, consistent timely service and excellent entertainment options onboard. The flight was an hour early!" Pros: "The flight felt so short, service was amazing, food was good. Great overall experience." Pros: "Amenities" Cons: "Bed was incredibly uncomfortable in first class. It was like sleeping on the floor. People talking loudly in the bar late into the night, which made it even harder to sleep. Didn’t sleep a wink on this 10 hour flight." Cons: "I did not like the fact that my seat was between 2 small children that belonged to a family sitting behind me .It was ridiculous to put a stranger on a 10 hour flight with a 3yrar old on one side and a 5 year old on the other" Pros: "Fast boarding and nice staff. Food selection was ok" Cons: "One item missing from menu (unavailable). Issues with entertainment system. Bathrooms lacked moisturiser which is always very helpful on long flights where the air is dry" Cons: "My monitor isn’t really working after rebooted. And the audio hole wasn’t tight enough" Pros: "Terrible seats! It keeps getting worse." Cons: "Timing of leaving the airport! It was delayed and I missed my international flight" Pros: "It was Ok. Some short delay but over all not too bad. Just didn't like the fact I always get seats next to the toilet" Pros: "Flew us safely home." Cons: "We waiting on the runway for over a long period." Pros: "Great service. Smooth flight. Funny flight attendants. No issues boarding or deplaning." Cons: "Food wasn’t great. What’s new?" Pros: "Good movies and tv selection. Seat next to me was empty, so that was great." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Call back service was best part." Cons: "Booked ticket through venture card points. This meant that the email address and phone number to contact us in the event of changes was mediocre information. I was informed from Tripit that the flight was delayed, not by Delta. Reservation personnel took logical course of action to find new flight for connection that we could make because of delayed initial flight. I would recommend that they first see if there is an earlier initial flight that the customer could make, then look at finding later connecting flights. We found out about delay 8 hours prior, so we had plenty of time to get to the airport earlier. Total delay required me to take additional day off of work." Pros: "Everyone was really nice and responsive." Cons: "Seats are a little older. Not as comfortable as other flights. But not bad." Cons: "Delta airlines has very poor costumer service. THE WORST I HAVE EXPERIENCED. I wasn't the only one feeling this way, I witness a couple people fighting on the phone like me. When my 1st flight was delayed I asked to be rebooked then and the delta employee insisted that I would make my connection. I didn't make it. This is not all. I could have gotten to a near city several hours after but on the same day, but the mediocrecy of this employes did not allow me to get there until the next day at 7 am. Happy new year to me. This two women (or one of them) on the phone, lied to me. There was an option to get me here and one of them failed to do their job right AND LIED TO MY FACE ON THE PHONE. Just unacceptable. I will sue them, I had an under age waiting for me in Cancun and a pet with me!. With no food or access to do its necessities. AND THERE WAS AN OPTION THAT "they missed" on porpuse." Cons: "Again a HUGE delay in my flight that would have caused me to miss my connection. This is the 3rd straight Delta trip in 3 months where this has happened and you can't speak with a person on the phone without waiting 2 hours. POOR customer service." Cons: "No internet available (2020). For the my previous flight, a month ago, was the same problem." Pros: "Great atmosphere, crew was excellent!" Cons: "I’m 6’5”, so legroom can always be a complaint, but this wasn’t too bad. The plane appeared to be fairly old and didn’t have WiFi. Entertainment also was on an older screen which was navigated by using an old in-seat phone." Pros: "KLM are our airline of choice. A great full-service carrier with impecable standards." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "Seats super comfy. Ended up with 3 seats to myself that formed a bed for the lap Uk to NZ. Very nice!" Cons: "Flight 2 hours delayed, started boarding but had to wait on line 10 more minutes on boarding ramp for plane door to be opened, upon landing in Dublin had to wait on tarmac for anther 15 minutes for stairs to arrive and be connected to airplane. Then had to wait another hour for checked luggage...." Pros: "Seat was good" Cons: "Depart on time (1 hour late), hostess put a laptop in the overhead, which fell out and hit me when the bin was opened" Pros: "The crew was great! The food was also much better than other airlines. And passing out whole bottles of water was much appreciated." Pros: "Nothing!" Cons: "We were told they were holding our flight, we ran 3 terminals and they’d already left." Pros: "The crew was nice and helpful (our flight was 2h late so they put us on the one before in business class for us not to miss our connection)" Cons: "A lot of delays, on both flights. We spent twice as much time waiting than flying." Pros: "The crew was amazing and the food was great." Cons: "Something did not go right with our booking so it took some work for the airline to get it figured out for us. Thankfully we had left plenty of time. But that was an unexpected stress." JetBlue8.1 SWISS8.0 Virgin Atlantic8.0 Delta7.9 KLM7.8 Book cheap flights from San Francisco to London Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from San Francisco to London found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 1/30Tue 1 stopWestJet 15h 00mSFO-LHR $226 Search 1/28Sun 1 stopWestJet 15h 00mSFO-LHR $228 Search 1/14Sun 2 stops 36h 23mSFO-LHR $231 Search 1/15Mon 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 13h 45mSFO-LHR $286 Search 1/8Mon 1 stopScandinavian Airlines 13h 45mSFO-LHR $294 Search 3/2Sat nonstopLufthansa 10h 30mSFO-LHR $453 Search 12/29Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 20h 56mSFO-LHR $454 Search 12/27Wed 1 stopUnited Airlines 26h 51mSFO-LHR $472 Search 3/1Fri 1 stopLufthansa 14h 05mSFO-LHR $496 Search 3/21Thu 2 stopsAer Lingus 19h 02mSFO-LHR $500 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineWestJetScandinavian AirlinesLufthansaUnited AirlinesAer Lingus Search by price$230 or less$290 or less$450 or less$470 or less$500 or less Last minute flights from San Francisco to Heathrow Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from San Francisco to London that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/5Tue multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 22h 00mSFO-LHR 12/11Mon multi-stopTAP AIR PORTUGAL 27h 45mLHR-SFO $466 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 13h 45mSFO-LHR 12/10Sun multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 16h 10mLHR-SFO $541 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 13h 45mSFO-LHR 12/9Sat multi-stopScandinavian Airlines 19h 25mLHR-SFO $542 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 15h 00mSFO-LHR 12/3Sun multi-stopLufthansa 19h 54mLHR-SFO $560 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopLufthansa 22h 00mSFO-LHR 12/3Sun multi-stopLufthansa 19h 54mLHR-SFO $565 Search 12/1Fri nonstopUnited Airlines 10h 35mSFO-LHR 12/3Sun multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 15mLHR-SFO $595 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 14h 00mSFO-LHR 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 15h 25mLHR-SFO $629 Search 12/1Fri nonstopVirgin Atlantic 10h 15mSFO-LHR 12/8Fri multi-stopVirgin Atlantic 13h 30mLHR-SFO $637 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopBritish Airways 24h 48mSFO-LHR 12/23Sat multi-stopBritish Airways 49h 41mLHR-SFO $997 Search 12/5Tue nonstopBritish Airways 10h 25mSFO-LHR 1/5Fri multi-stopBritish Airways 15h 12mLHR-SFO $1,023 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineTAP AIR PORTUGALScandinavian AirlinesLufthansaUnited AirlinesVirgin AtlanticBritish Airways Search by price$540 or less$560 or less$600 or less$640 or less$1,020 or less San Francisco - London Heathrow Airport Flights Departure: San Francisco (SFO)United States Destination: London Heathrow Airport (LHR)United Kingdom Return flight deals: London Heathrow Airport - San Francisco Cabin classes: First Class flights to London $2,457 Business Class flights to London $1,540 Prem Econ Class flights to London $588 Economy Class flights to London Browse origins: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $397Flights from San Francisco to London Heathrow Airport Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » Europe » United Kingdom » England » London » London Heathrow Airport $397Flights to London Heathrow Airport, London Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Honolulu Flights to Ontario Flights to Dallas Flights to John Wayne (Santa Ana) Flights to San Diego Flights to Phoenix Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN Do Not Sell or Share My Info©2023 KAYAK Search London Heathrow Airport flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to London Heathrow Airport from San Francisco. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to London Heathrow Airport from San Francisco. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.