Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale C$ 43 (C̶$̶ ̶2̶2̶0̶). Fort Lauderdale Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale Fort Lauderdale, FLSee location 5.6 Passable1,985 reviews Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 43 View Deal 123 more Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale deals 123 more Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale deals Pool 1/36 Pool 2/36 Balcony 3/36 Pool 4/36 Bedroom 5/36 Pool 6/36 Lobby 7/36 Bedroom 8/36 Bedroom 9/36 Hotel Entrance 10/36 Building 11/36 Building 12/36 Bedroom 13/36 Bedroom 14/36 Bedroom 15/36 Parking 16/36 Bedroom 17/36 Bedroom 18/36 Bedroom 19/36 Building 20/36 Building 21/36 Building 22/36 Bedroom 23/36 Bathroom 24/36 Room amenity 25/36 Building 26/36 Bedroom 27/36 Other 28/36 Bedroom 29/36 Lobby 30/36 Bathroom 31/36 Bathroom 32/36 Bedroom 33/36 Bathroom 34/36 Dining room 35/36 Bathroom 36/36 All photos(36) Bedroom(13) Building(6) Bathroom(5) Pool(4) View all photos About Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi and Parking for free Featuring a shuttle to Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, plus free wireless internet, the hotel is a convenient place to stay in Fort Lauderdale. It also offers a BBQ/picnic area, a 24-hour reception and an outdoor pool. There are a range of amenities available to guests of Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale, including laundry facilities, an atm/cash machine and a lift. There is also free public parking on site for guests with a car. Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale has 200 air conditioned rooms. The bathrooms are fitted with a shower, and include a hair dryer. Read more Latest deals for Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale Sat 2/12 Wed 6/12 1 room, 2 guests Deluxe room See amenities C$ 117 View deal C$ 138 View deal C$ 160 View deal Show 7 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 65 View deal C$ 67 View deal C$ 68 View deal Show 10 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 60 View deal C$ 62 View deal C$ 62 View deal Show 10 more deals King room See amenities C$ 62 View deal C$ 62 View deal C$ 65 View deal Show 10 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 43 View deal C$ 64 View deal C$ 81 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale Outdoor pool Free Wi-Fi Free parking Flat-screen TV TV Cable or satellite TV Free toiletries Airport shuttle Laundry facilities 24hr front desk Basics Free Wi-Fi Fan Fire extinguisher Air-conditioned Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Health and safety CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Daily housekeeping Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces CCTV in common areas Media and entertainment Cable or satellite TV Flat-screen TV Smartphone dock TV Dining Refrigerator Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Microwave Parking and transportation Airport shuttle Free parking Private parking Accessibility and suitability No smoking Disabled Access Pets not allowed Bathroom Toilet Shower Private bathroom General Telephone Tile/marble floor City view Laundry Laundry facilities Iron and ironing board Bedroom Wardrobe or closet Alarm clock Workspace Fax/photocopying Desk Services and conveniences 24hr front desk Pool Outdoor pool Show all 41 amenities Reviews of Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale 5.6 FairBased on 1,985 verified guest reviews 5.6Friends 5.9Solo 5.7Couples 5.6Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention room was cleanfriendly stafffront deskfree shuttle to the airportclose to the airportcustomer servicegood locationone nightbed was comfortablemany peopleshuttle serviceearly morningmoney backfridge or microwaverestaurant was goodcoffee makerhorrible experiencefood was goodgood valuered carpetroom was dirtylong waitstaff was friendlycruise port Traveler rating: Poor (467) Mediocre (93) Fair (145) Okay (105) Good (114) Very good (129) Wonderful (225) Sort by: Newest first E 4.0 Mediocre Eddie, Mar. 2022 We missed our flight around midnight and the next flight would be at 7 am the next morning. Not wanting to spend a lot of money for five-hours sleep we went to the Red Carpet. The place is very run down inside and outside the rooms, and it looks like we were still in the '80s. Also, there was an armed security guard by the door and guests are required to pass their ID and credit card through a small hole in the dividing glass. How unsafe is this place? We didn't stay long enough to know. The staff was very friendly though. A 4.0 Mediocre Anonymous, Dec. 2018 Pros:Location to Airport Cons:Cleanliness, noisy, have to pay cash for an iron A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Nov. 2017 Cons:N/A A 2.0 Poor Anonymous, May 2017 Pros:Was kicked out after paying twice for room Cons:Everything A 2.0 Poor Anonymous, Mar. 2017 Cons:This was the worst hotel I've ever stayed at. Dingy, dirty, tile floor, broken shower rod, no shower curtain, small towels. I felt unsafe and worried the whole time. Room was disgusting, depressing. Even if you find this on a good deal, it's not worth it. I was here about 7 hours in total before an early flight and I wish I left. See photos for depressing environment and violence warnings written on the hotel keys. J 7.4 Good Jim, Mar. 2017 Pros:Price Cons:No airport vans until 6 AM. Not a problem since Uber is so available. Front desk had very modest people-handling skills. A 6.8 Okay Anonymous, Dec. 2016 Pros:The place was just cool your office staff was great and friendly along with some of the guest not all room attendant was like that. The breakfast and dinner was well prepare with good taste only the shopping was not to near with little to buy. I will return and thanks very much to all. Have a Merry Christmas and a Wonderful New Year. A 2.8 Poor Anonymous, Sep. 2016 Pros:The staff were friendly enough. Cons:The toilet must have had a leak, because their ended up being the most god awful noise coming from the toilet water line. Once I shut that off, it ended. We were sufficiently annoyed before I was able to solve the problem myself. J 4.5 Mediocre Julie, Jun. 2016 Pros:The hotels proximity to the airport and restaurants were nice. When checking in the receptionist was very pleasant and helpful. The beds were comfortable however the pillows were not. Cons:The AC was so loud it was hard to sleep with it on, the TV picture is very poor and no microwave or mini fridge. The pool was not clean, the edges were covered in mold. A 5.7 Fair Anonymous, Jun. 2016 Pros:Room was better than typical motel. Cons:Checkin staff was less than helpful. Location 2460 West State Road 84, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33312 What's nearby Naval Air Station Fort Lauderdale Museum1.8 km Fort Lauderdale Antique Car Museum3.5 km Broward Center for the Performing Arts4.4 km NSU Art Museum Fort Lauderdale4.8 km Stranahan House5.1 km Broward County Convention Center5.3 km Riverwalk5.5 km 15th Street Fisheries5.7 km Swap Shop5.8 km Port Everglades5.9 km Las Olas Boulevard6.4 km Parker Playhouse6.5 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale Low season October High season February Average price (weeknight) C$ 90 Average price (weekend night) C$ 134 Cheapest month to stay with an average 35% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 111% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale If you’re after a cheap room at Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in October and June. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale, plan to stay on a Sunday or Saturday. The most expensive day is usually Thursday. The cheapest price a room at Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 126, while the most expensive was C$ 126. How long should you stay at Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 2 days. FAQs when booking at Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale Why is the Red Carpet Inn Airport/Cruiseport a good lodging option for families? Along with being economical, the hotel offers a variety of rooms for different family sizes. Book a room with two queen beds when traveling with the kids. You can also request connecting/adjoining rooms if you have a large family. If you’d prefer to prepare quick meals in your room, you can ask for a microwave and mini fridge to be brought to your room. The Red Carpet Inn Airport/Cruiseport has an exterior corridor? Why is this a benefit? Exterior-corridor hotels have the look of a motel. This means guests enter their hotel room from outdoors instead of an interior hallway. Outside entries can be attractive because you can more easily load/unload the car. They are also ideal if you’re traveling with a pet because you can take them right outdoors to relieve themselves. Why is the Red Carpet Inn Airport/Cruiseport a good place to stay before or after a cruise? Take advantage of free parking during your stay at the Red Carpet Inn Airport/Cruiseport. You’ll also have access to self-serve laundry, which will give you a chance to wash clothes after having been on a cruise. Get extra cash for your trip from the on-site ATM machine or check your emails and travel itinerary using the wireless internet access. The hotel will work with you if you need a late check-out. The front-office is also staffed 24h a day, meaning you can check-in at any time. The Red Carpet Inn Airport/Cruiseport is connected to the Reefs Restaurant. What kind of meals can I get here? Book the bed and breakfast package for complimentary breakfast at the Reef Restaurant. Along with breakfast, this restaurant is open for both lunch and dinner. During the lunch hour, you can enjoy a hearty buffet with a variety of foods. This restaurant’s specialty is prime rib and seafood dishes like snapper and salmon. Eat indoors or outdoors on the patio. The restaurant also has a bar from which you can order a selection of beers, wines and cocktails. It is open 7 days a week from 6:00 am to 11:00 pm. Why is the Red Carpet Inn Airport/Cruiseport a good place for business travelers to stay? The Red Carpet Inn Airport/Cruiseport is conveniently located on West State Road 84, which provides easy access to Highway 95. In the lobby, you’ll have access to computer workstations and a printer for emailing or printing your boarding pass. Each room is also furnished with a worktable with leather, executive style chairs for getting a little work done before heading to bed. How and where can I relax outdoors at the Red Carpet Inn Airport/Cruiseport? Red Carpet Inn Airport/Cruiseport has a relaxing outdoor area. Its pool is fenced in and surrounded by colorful tropical plants. Palm trees give the area added privacy, making it ideal for good conversation or sunbathing while reading a favorite book. Chaise lounge chairs and deck tables provide plenty of space for inn guests to sit. If you want to dine or even cook outdoors, you’ll find it enjoyable with the use of charcoal grills for preparing hotdogs and burgers. Picnic tables with umbrellas offer a shady place to eat. Where is Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale located? Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale is located at 2460 West State Road 84, 5.1 km from the centre of Fort Lauderdale. Naval Air Station Fort Lauderdale Museum is the closest landmark to Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale. When is check-in time and check-out time at Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale. Does Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale offers free Wi-Fi. Does Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale offer free parking? Yes, Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale offers free parking. How far is Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale from the airport? Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale is 3.4 km from Fort Lauderdale. Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale is 12.3 km from Fort Lauderdale Executive. Does Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale have a pool? Yes, Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale in Fort Lauderdale and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale. Nearby hotels and places to stay ClosestSee more nearby stays 3-star hotel Rodeway Inn & Suites Fort Lauderdale Airport & Cruise Port6.7 Good (667 reviews)0.09 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 155+ 2-star hotel avid hotels - Ft Lauderdale Airport - Cruise, an IHG Hotel8.5 Excellent (1,124 reviews)0.36 kmWi-Fi, Free toiletriesC$ 191+ 3-star hotel Maritime Hotel Fort Lauderdale Cruise Port7.9 Good (2,051 reviews)0.49 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 155+ Rental RV in premiere park and marina on the New River0.37 kmAir-conditionedC$ 198+ CheapestSee cheapest stays in Fort Lauderdale 3-star hotel Maritime Hotel Fort Lauderdale Cruise Port7.9 Good (2,051 reviews)0.49 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 155+ 3-star hotel Rodeway Inn & Suites Fort Lauderdale Airport & Cruise Port6.7 Good (667 reviews)0.09 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 155+ 2-star hotel avid hotels - Ft Lauderdale Airport - Cruise, an IHG Hotel8.5 Excellent (1,124 reviews)0.36 kmWi-Fi, Free toiletriesC$ 191+ Rental Relaxing bedroom vacation near city/beach/airport1.11 kmBalcony, air-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 169+ Most recommendedSee most recommended stays in Fort Lauderdale 2-star hotel avid hotels - Ft Lauderdale Airport - Cruise, an IHG Hotel8.5 Excellent (1,124 reviews)0.36 kmWi-Fi, Free toiletriesC$ 191+ 3-star hotel Maritime Hotel Fort Lauderdale Cruise Port7.9 Good (2,051 reviews)0.49 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 155+ 3-star hotel Rodeway Inn & Suites Fort Lauderdale Airport & Cruise Port6.7 Good (667 reviews)0.09 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 155+ Rental Fort Lauderdale full house near downtown/beach10 Excellent (1 review)1.1 kmAir-conditioned, Coffee machine, barbecueC$ 263+ Good to know Value for money 6.4 Distance to downtown 5.1 km Nearest Airport Fort Lauderdale Distance to airport 3.5 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Florida Hotels in South Florida Fort Lauderdale Hotels Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale Top Hotel Destinations Seattle Hotels Amsterdam Hotels Banff Hotels Montreal Hotels Bangor Hotels Calgary Hotels Houston Hotels Victoria Hotels Lunenburg Hotels Las Vegas Hotels Mont-Tremblant Hotels Mississauga Hotels Surrey Hotels Regina Hotels Kahului Hotels Toronto hotels Vancouver hotels Jasper hotels Edmonton hotels Kelowna hotels Whistler hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale discounts in Fort Lauderdale with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale in Fort Lauderdale. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Red Carpet Inn Airport Fort Lauderdale that suits you best. C$ 86 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.