Cheap Flights from Manila to San Francisco from $421 | (MNL - SFO) - KAYAK Find flights Deals Insights When to book FAQs & Tips Direct Flights Airlines Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW MNL - SFO Find cheap flights from Manila to San Francisco from $421 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 2/3. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to San Francisco These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Manila to San Francisco. ...and more These are the airlines KAYAK users have selected most often from within our search results in flight searches from Manila to San Francisco. How much is the cheapest flight from Manila to San Francisco?Here are some of the best deals found on KAYAK recently from the most popular airlines for round-trip flights from Manila to San Francisco that are departing in the next months. While these flights were available on KAYAK in the last 72 hours, prices and availability are subject to change and deals may expire. 12:40 am - 6:36 amMNL-SFO 21h 56m2 stops 11:35 pm - 6:50 amSFO-MNL 15h 15mnonstop $742United Airlines Find Deal Tue, Feb 6 - Thu, Mar 7 6:40 am - 5:00 pmMNL-SFO 26h 20m1 stop 9:10 pm - 1:25 pmSFO-MNL 24h 15m1 stop $752Vietnam Airlines Find Deal Sat, Feb 3 - Sun, Mar 3 4:55 pm - 6:50 pmMNL-SFO 17h 55m1 stop 12:05 am - 9:40 amSFO-MNL 17h 35m1 stop $818China Airlines Find Deal Fri, Feb 9 - Fri, Feb 23 3:40 am - 6:40 pmMNL-SFO 31h 00m1 stop 12:20 pm - 11:45 amSFO-MNL 32h 25m1 stop $833EVA Air Find Deal Sun, Feb 11 - Mon, Mar 11 4:55 pm - 7:50 pmMNL-SFO 17h 55m1 stop 1:05 am - 9:35 amSFO-MNL 17h 30m1 stop $839China Airlines Find Deal Fri, Mar 22 - Thu, Apr 18 9:55 pm - 7:45 pmMNL-SFO 12h 50mnonstop 11:00 pm - 4:00 amSFO-MNL 14h 00mnonstop $844Philippine Airlines Find Deal Tue, Apr 16 - Wed, May 8 3:40 am - 7:40 pmMNL-SFO 31h 00m1 stop 1:00 pm - 5:25 pmSFO-MNL 37h 25m1 stop $850EVA Air Find Deal Sat, Mar 16 - Thu, May 16 9:55 pm - 7:45 pmMNL-SFO 12h 50mnonstop 11:00 pm - 4:00 amSFO-MNL 14h 00mnonstop $868Philippine Airlines Find Deal Mon, Apr 15 - Sat, May 4 11:20 pm - 9:50 amMNL-SFO 26h 30m1 stop 12:55 pm - 5:45 amSFO-MNL 24h 50m1 stop $869Japan Airlines Find Deal Sun, Dec 10 - Sun, Jan 21 9:40 am - 1:45 pmMNL-SFO 20h 05m2 stops 12:20 pm - 5:35 amSFO-MNL 26h 15m1 stop $876Japan Airlines Find Deal Sat, Feb 10 - Sat, Jul 6 Show more results Flights from Manila to San Francisco - Travel Insights & Trends Get data-powered insights and trends into flights from Manila to San Francisco to help you find the cheapest flights, the best time to fly and much more. What’s the cheapest day of the week to fly from Manila to San Francisco? The average price of all flights from Manila to San Francisco clicked on KAYAK for each day over the last 12 months. If you are looking for a flight deal from Manila to San Francisco, look for departures on Saturdays and avoid leaving on a Sunday, as it's usually the priciest day. When flying back from San Francisco, Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly and Saturday is the most expensive. What is the cheapest month to fly from Manila to San Francisco? To calculate monthly average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each month over the last year for flights from Manila to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the median of all values for each month. The cheapest month for flights from Manila to San Francisco is September, where tickets cost $886 on average. On the other hand, the most expensive months are August and July, where the average cost of tickets is $1,442 and $1,340 respectively. How far in advance should I book a flight from Manila to San Francisco? To calculate daily average prices, KAYAK takes all prices for each day before departure over the last year for flights from Manila to San Francisco, removes the top 0.1% to account for outliers, and then takes the average of all the values for each month. To get a below average price on the flight from Manila to San Francisco, you should book around 1 week before departure. For the absolute cheapest price, our data suggests you should book 85 days before departure. Which airlines provide the cheapest flights from Manila to San Francisco? The cheapest price for the route for each airline clicked by KAYAK users in the last 72 hours. In the last 72 hours, the cheapest one-way ticket from Manila to San Francisco found on KAYAK was with ZIPAIR for $421. United Airlines proposed a round-trip connection from $742 and Vietnam Airlines from $752. Which airlines fly non-stop between Manila and San Francisco? Airline and price data is aggregated from results in KAYAK’s search results from the last 2 weeks for flights from Manila to San Francisco. There are 2 airlines that fly nonstop from Manila to San Francisco. They are Philippine Airlines and United Airlines. The cheapest airline for this route is United Airlines, with the best one-way deal found costing $832. On average, the best prices for this route can be found at United Airlines. How many flights are there between Manila and San Francisco per day? Each day, there are 2 nonstop flights that take off from Manila and land in San Francisco, with an average flight time of 12h 22m. The most common departure time is 11:00 pm and most flights take off in the morning. Each week, there are 14 flights and there are the same amount of flights each day 2. Which cabin class options are there for flights between Manila and San Francisco? The average price of flights for each cabin class for the route found by users searching on KAYAK over the last 2 weeks. There are 2 cabin class options for the route. These are Business and Economy. Perform a search on KAYAK to find the latest prices and availability for all cabin fares, which differ across airlines. How long does a flight from Manila to San Francisco take? The duration of a nonstop flight to San Francisco from Manila is typically 12h 20m. The journey crosses a distance of 6,973 miles. What’s the earliest departure time from Manila to San Francisco? Early birds can take the earliest flight from Manila at 9:55 am and will be landing in San Francisco at 6:20 am. What’s the latest departure time from Manila to San Francisco? If you prefer to fly at night, the latest flight from Manila to San Francisco jets off at 11:00 pm and lands at 7:20 pm. Good to know Low season January High season December Cheapest flight $421 Best time to beat the crowds but there is an average 23% increase in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 3% increase in price. Flight from Manila to San Francisco When to book flights from Manila to San Francisco Are your dates flexible? Find out the best times to travel from Manila to San Francisco based on our flight data from the last year. Discover the cheapest month and even day to fly. Estimated round-trip price KAYAK looks at all historical flight data for each date to provide a predicted price for one-way trips or round-trips with a duration up to 40 days. While we try to provide actual minimum prices for each date, some prices are predictions and actual prices may differ. FAQs for booking flights from Manila to San Francisco Which other cities can I get to from San Francisco International Airport? SFO serves a number of additional cities in addition to San Francisco. These cities include Palo Alto, San Jose, and Mountain View. Rental cars provide convenient transport for those traveling from SFO to these and other neighboring cities. Is it convenient to land at San Francisco International Airport late in the night? In Terminals 2 and 3, there are a few good places to sleep if you arrive at SFO late at night. You also have the choice of connecting to a nearby hotel, such as the San Francisco Airport Marriott Waterfront, which is not only closer to the airport but also provides complimentary airport shuttle service every day of the year. Where can I get rental car cars upon landing at San Francisco International Airport? You can easily book a car from the rental car facility located inside the airport if you wish to enjoy self-drive from SFO to San Francisco city center or your accomodation. Avis, Hertz, and Enterprise are among the car agencies housed in this center, located on the fourth floor. How can one catch up with the earliest flight from Manila to San Francisco? Your convenience in getting to the airport to board the earliest flight to San Francisco is increased if you spend the night in one of the hotels close to MNL. For instance, staying at the Manila Airport Hotel will not only put you close to the airport but will also enhance your movement, thanks to the free airport shuttle. What special access services are available on flights from Manila to San Francisco? When booking flights from Manila to San Francisco, people with limited mobility don't need to worry. All airlines at MNL have staff members stationed at various places to provide wheelchair assistance from cab to aircraft to anyone with limited mobility. Which airlines flying from Manila to San Francisco are more kid-friendly? American Airlines is one of the suitable options to consider if you are traveling with your child(ren). In addition to offering extra legroom in all of its cabins, the airline provides priority boarding to passengers with young children. Where is the medical clinic at San Francisco International Airport? A medical clinic is open at the International Terminal Main Hall pre-security on the Departures level. The clinic provides urgent care, travel medicine, occupational health services, and immigration physicals. Services are available Monday to Friday from 7 am to 7 pm. Are there nonstop flights from Manila to San Francisco? Unfortunately, nonstop flights are not available from Manila to San Francisco, but you can find information about fast routes when you book through KAYAK. There’s a flight by Singapore Airlines from Ninoy Aquino International Airport to San Francisco International Airport, which includes a stop at Singapore Changi Airport (SIN). Other options include flights with two stops, which could take longer. Where are smoking areas in Ninoy Aquino International Airport? If you want to smoke, find the designated areas in the Ninoy Aquino International Airport. The areas are in Terminal 1 near the transit lounge of Arrivals, Terminal 2 Departures level, and Terminal 3 on the third level. Is there a business center at the San Francisco International Airport? At the TripTel Business Center, located in the International Terminal Main Hall, you’ll find mobile phone rentals, copying services, internet access, and fax. For cell phone rentals, make advance reservations. The business center is open from 8 am to 8:30 pm. Are there services for disabled passengers at San Francisco Airport? When arriving at San Francisco Airport, passengers in a wheelchair and other conditions should seek assistance from an airline representative. You can access help at the Domestic Terminals, curbside or check-in areas. The airport has visual and audio paging services. There’s a phone service for hard-of-hearing and deaf people at the Ticketing and Baggage Claim levels in the International Terminal. Do I need a passport to fly between Manila and San Francisco? Yes Which airports will I be using when flying from Manila to San Francisco? On your way to San Francisco, you’ll fly out from Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl. You’ll be landing at San Francisco. Which aircraft models fly most regularly from Manila to San Francisco? The Boeing 777-300ER is the aircraft model that flies most regularly on the Manila to San Francisco flight route. Which airline alliances offer flights from Manila to San Francisco? Star Alliance is the only airline alliance operating flights between Manila and San Francisco. On which days can I fly direct from Manila to San Francisco? There are nonstop flights from Manila to San Francisco on a daily basis. Which is the best airline for flights from Manila to San Francisco, Japan Airlines or Korean Air? The two airlines most popular with KAYAK users for flights from Manila to San Francisco are Japan Airlines and Korean Air. With an average price for the route of $967 and an overall rating of 8.7, Japan Airlines is the most popular choice. Korean Air is also a great choice for the route, with an average price of $953 and an overall rating of 8.7. How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Manila to San Francisco? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Manila to San Francisco. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Manila to San Francisco? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to San Francisco from Manila is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Manila to San Francisco? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to San Francisco with an airline and back to Manila with another airline. Booking your flights between Manila and SFO can sometimes prove cheaper using this method. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Manila to San Francisco? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to San Francisco from Manila up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding a cheap flight from MNL to San Francisco Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found flights on this route for $680 or less one-way and $824 or less round-trip. San Francisco Airport (SFO), San Jose Mineta Airport (SJC), and Oakland Airport (OAK) serve as arrival airports for flights from Manila, while Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) is the only departure airport. Because there are more transportation options available at SFO than at OAK or SJC, it is easier to get to the city center and other areas of San Francisco. However, the shorter lines at the security screening and baggage claim areas at SJC and OAK give you more convenience. From downtown Manila, Bus Line 18 offers a direct route to Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL). The bus typically needs 20 minutes to travel from downtown to the airport. In addition, you can choose to take a cab, which will get you to the airport in around 10 minutes, being quicker than a bus. United Airlines and Alaska Airlines have hubs at San Francisco International Airport, so if you fly with either of these carriers, you can enjoy world class lounge services when you arrive. These airlines avail a higher number of daily flights from MNL to SFO than other airlines, making it possible to reliably book a flight that fits within your schedule. For people within Manila and the surrounding metropolitan areas who want to travel to San Francisco, Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) offers flights through multiple airlines. For your connectivity needs while at Ninoy Aquino International Airport, you can use the airport’s free Wi-Fi, available in 30min sessions. If you need to use it beyond 30min, reconnect as there are no limitations on reconnections. If you need to say a prayer at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport, there are several prayer rooms located in Terminal 1 West Wing for Muslims and a Catholic Prayer Room in Terminal 3 at the Mezzanine level. Baby care facilities at Ninoy Aquino International Airport are in the Terminal 1 departures area, Terminal 2 in the North and South Wings, and Terminal 4 pre-departure. Flights from Ninoy Aquino International Airport to San Francisco arrive at San Francisco International Airport (SFO), the ideal location if you want to access downtown San Francisco. Traveling families can use several services at the San Francisco International Airport, including nurseries, car seat rentals, and baggage assistance. There are terminal tours for kids to help them learn about the airport. There are animal relief areas in Terminal 1, 2, and 3 at the Baggage Claim levels for people with pets. The facilities offer garbage areas, drinking areas, and other features. You can rent a private shower room at San Francisco International Airport to tidy up between flights. The service is located in the main hall of the International Terminal near the G Gates security checkpoint. See more tips Prefer to fly non-stop from Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl to San Francisco? Find which airlines fly direct from Ninoy Aquino Intl to San Francisco, which days they fly and book direct flights. Nonstop departures Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl to San Francisco Search Flights Monday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Tuesday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Wednesday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Thursday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Friday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Saturday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Sunday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines See more direct flights Nonstop returns San Francisco to Manila Ninoy Aquino Intl Search Flights Monday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Tuesday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Wednesday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Thursday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Friday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Saturday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Sunday Philippine Airlines, United Airlines Philippine Airlines, United Airlines See more direct flights See more direct flights Top 5 airlines serving from Manila to San Francisco See real verified KAYAK customer reviews for airlines flying from Manila to San Francisco. Airline scores are aggregated from all reviews left by passengers on KAYAK after flying with an airline. KAYAK doesn’t show reviews that are older than 5 years. Need help choosing which airline to fly with from Manila to San Francisco? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.7 Japan AirlinesOverall score based on 4663 reviews 90crew 84food 88overall 86comfort 89boarding 85entertainment Airline reviews Pros: "JAL lounge at Haneda was the best I've ever been in. The Business Class configuration is terrific -- as private as can be on an airplane, without going First. And the JAL staff, on the ground as well as in the air, are Grade A diplomats, counselors, and -- in a word -- professionals. Which is sorely lacking in US air carriers, who don't seem to understand that air travel is a service industry, and to excel in a service industry, PEOPLE are most important to the customers. Specifically, having enough people: US airline employees are well-trained professionals too, but "corporate" consistently under-hires/deploys, which leaves employees juggling far too much at once, which degrades the service experience for the customer. Yeah, I get "the bottom line," but service industry customers will always go to businesses that offer better service. Ok, rant over. JAL is tops." Cons: "Security and Immigration at Tokyo Haneda is harder than at US airports, but that's to be expected and nothing that JAL can control."Read more about Japan Airlines Pros: "JAL lounge at Haneda was the best I've ever been in. The Business Class configuration is terrific -- as private as can be on an airplane, without going First. And the JAL staff, on the ground as well as in the air, are Grade A diplomats, counselors, and -- in a word -- professionals. Which is sorely lacking in US air carriers, who don't seem to understand that air travel is a service industry, and to excel in a service industry, PEOPLE are most important to the customers. Specifically, having enough people: US airline employees are well-trained professionals too, but "corporate" consistently under-hires/deploys, which leaves employees juggling far too much at once, which degrades the service experience for the customer. Yeah, I get "the bottom line," but service industry customers will always go to businesses that offer better service. Ok, rant over. JAL is tops." Cons: "Security and Immigration at Tokyo Haneda is harder than at US airports, but that's to be expected and nothing that JAL can control." Pros: "The crew was attentive and service was excellent." Cons: "At check-in counter in MNL, the JAL agent mistakenly told me that I don't need to claim my bag and re-check at DFW before heading to final destination MEM. Food wasn't as good as previous JAL flights earlier this year and last year. That said, it's still better than other airlines." Pros: "Crew was very nice and did a great job. Comfy seat. Smooth flight!" Pros: "The crew" Cons: "The foods could be better not up to the standard of EVA air on economy class" Pros: "Crew was courteous. Flight in general was uneventful which is a good thing." Cons: "Nothing to criticize. Flight experience was good but not exordinary." Pros: "Food was amazing. But Yoshinoya wasn't a good idea, I do not eat beef." Pros: "Best service and food among a few hundred flights I have taken so far. CAs were always courteous. They are smiling to each other and looked happy. It was really nice to see that." Cons: "When booking the flights, I didn't know that I wasn't able to reserve a seat until check-in at the airport. Even usual online check-in was available for my ticket. I might have not purchased this ticket if I knew this limitation. It would be nice to know it at the time of booking." Pros: "Boarding was quick as i've come to expect from DFW." Cons: "I bought economy to save money, but unfortunately since I got the very back of the plane my seat couldn't recline." Pros: "Food and beverages were served promptly. Moreover there were several rounds of coffee and tea service so that I never went thirsty. My economy seating was still given first class service." Cons: "food from manila to japan was excellent,food japan to vancouver was not...could only eat half of it" Cons: "Friendly and courteous stewardess. All it takes is a smile that makes your long trip a better experience." Pros: "The crew were superb and the bathrooms were regularly cleant" Pros: "Crew was attentive." Cons: "Was seated near some noisy distractions i.e. crying baby." Pros: "Movie" Cons: "if the music list is great with latest songs.. charging of phone took so long to be charged" Pros: "Food choices was very limited to beef and fish. We had a connecting flight for international and both leg has the same food choices." Pros: "crew was excellent and food was great" Cons: "boarding disorganized, business class seats were average and screens too small" Pros: "A comfortable flight, with fine service." Cons: "The connectioning flight was slightly late, but just enough to make it a mad dash through customs and to the furthest possible gate on the opposite end of the terminal. Not within the airlines control, but unnecessarily hectic" Pros: "Very good service. Spacious one leg space. Good food. Would love to travel again by Korean airline. Thank you !" Cons: "Would have loved if some chocolates and cakes kept to eat in the mid of the journey. But no problem. Overall a very good airline. Thank you !" Pros: "Food staff and entertainment are generally top notch" Cons: "Didn't like headphone jack in panel display as it gets in the way of eating, which is a lot on international travel." Pros: "The service during the flight were so impressive. They deserved to be recognized for their efforts attending to passengers. They are beautiful and always ready to help you. Thank you" Cons: "Landings were a little rough..." Pros: "Speeding of departure after boarding" Cons: "Flight delayed again. Flight was delayed due to “preparations “ but the plane was at the gate for 3 hours before boarding. Did not make sense. Flight was warm in the plane." Pros: "Crew was good. The food was good quality." Cons: "Boarding took along time and then the plane was delayed, not their fault but it made the trip less enjoyable. Manila is a poor hub." Pros: "Food was good" Cons: "Disappointed with some of flight attendants. ANA used to provide best customer service." Pros: "Food was good and staff were very helpful. The boarding zone in economy class were easy , it started from the last to the front." Cons: "Check in was a little bit confused, we arrived 5 hrs. Before our departure thinking that we can check in our luggage so we can rest in the gate area, but we had to wait 3 hrs to open the check in counter." Pros: "My flight is at 9:50 am but I arrived around 5:30 am , as expected the line was already long and one of the crew told us the front desk will not open until 6:30. My husband reserved my ticket going back to US. I was assigned to seat on an exit, but when I went to the gate , one of a female employee keeps telling me if I'm aware I'll be seating on an exit and I said yes , I look for a vacant seat so I can relax while waiting, she went back again and asked me if the front desk desk gave me any paper about the task I have to do when seating on an exit. I read it and understand . She came back again for the third time and borrow my boarding pass and check something and asked me if I want to transfer to another seat, and I said no. I don't know what she wants me to do , but I'm so irritated because she keeps asking me the same question over and over again." Pros: "Services to the senior citizen excellent... can't ask for more. Stewardess are all very pleasant. Thank you very much" Pros: "Service was excellent. Crew did not accept tip. Food could be better." Cons: "19 hours overlay in ORD. I had to check out all luggages again. Terrible." Pros: "The flight was extremely comfortable. Entertainment was 10 on a scale of 1 to 10." Cons: "Only one entrance into the plane. I was in the last row. Had to walk the length of the plane. Having a second entrance could rapidly reduce boarding time." Pros: "Courteous crew, delicious food and comfortable seats for economy. I was looking forward to the return flight!" Pros: "The crew are efficient and helpful. The food is good too." Cons: "Hope they have anime movie in the choice" Pros: "Proactive, Organized staff." Cons: "Some of the staff members need to enunciate words more clearly. They speak English too fast making it hard to understand." Pros: "Despite the stormy weather, our flight wasn’t cancelled and the pilot and the crew were well prepared and got us to our destination safely." Pros: "Very spacious seating. Great staff, and smooth flight." Cons: "I never got my vegetarian meal as requested. That was too bad." Pros: "I am happy and satisfied with the service, thank you guys!" Pros: "Get crew, very friendly. Food is amazing and movies are latest" Cons: "No complaints" Pros: "Overall everything was good. Feels home to fly with Eva." Cons: "No preference for seniors" Pros: "the cabin crew was polite, accomodating and friendly. the blankets were warm." Cons: "the seats are uncomfortable and the food was not good. but this is not unique to eva air. most airlines are like this." Pros: "Overall, it was pleasant. I got the service and comfort for the price I paid for." Pros: "Great airline, especially for a long flight. Would def use it again." Cons: "Although the plane used old, the ride itself was comfortable, bathrooms are clean, food was awesome!!!" Cons: "The flight was very full, but overall; good service and on-time performance!!" Pros: "The crews are very polite. The food is good. Service is good." Cons: "The boarding gate doesn’t have elevator or scalator and it’s hard to go up/ down the stairs (NAIA). Aircraft seat looks old. Overall the flight is good." Pros: "Just the fare." Cons: "Checking in is very slow. Our family was scattered. Was told that we are sitting next to each other but the truth is we are not. No explanations given." Pros: "The food is so good." Cons: "The check in counter is not fully organized. I encounter so much delay in checking in my luggage. The new employee must be properly assisted by the old personnel to avoid long hours of waiting and standing in the counter of the passengers who arrived early so they can check in their baggage ahead of time. I availed of your web check in but was waiting for so long in the check in counter." Pros: "Everything! From the comfortable pods in business class to the excellent wines and food, it was more like 1st class.!" Cons: "Nothing!" Pros: "The airline and staff provided blankets and warm food." Cons: "falling in line just to get coffee. They should have gone around and served it instead." Pros: "Food is good" Cons: "Not enough movies/TV screen angle is not good when seat in front is reclined all the way." Pros: "Customer service was good and complimentary food was served during flight. Compar to other airlines require’s me to purchase and with card." Cons: "None" Pros: "The flight crew were hospitable and they tend to our needs well." Cons: "The flight was delayed and some of the crew were just chatting instead of maybe saying hello or just be ready to assist passengers since flight was delayed." Japan Airlines8.7 Korean Air8.7 ANA8.6 EVA Air8.5 Asiana Airlines8.2 Book cheap flights from Manila to San Francisco Recent one-way flight deals Only flying one-way? Below are some of the best one-way flight deals from Manila to San Francisco found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours. 2/3Sat 1 stopZIPAIR 15h 15mMNL-SFO $421 Search 1/19Fri 3 stops 26h 35mMNL-SFO $422 Search 3/12Tue 1 stopJapan Airlines 26h 40mMNL-SFO $511 Search 3/18Mon 1 stopEVA Air 18h 00mMNL-SFO $513 Search 5/2Thu 1 stopEVA Air 26h 55mMNL-SFO $515 Search 12/10Sun 1 stopJapan Airlines 26h 30mMNL-SFO $523 Search 2/29Thu 1 stopANA 15h 30mMNL-SFO $527 Search 12/6Wed 1 stopANA 16h 30mMNL-SFO $528 Search 1/31Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 23h 41mMNL-SFO $531 Search 12/9Sat 2 stopsUnited Airlines 40h 33mMNL-SFO $568 Search Show more results Search by stops1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineZIPAIRJapan AirlinesEVA AirANAUnited Airlines Search by price$420 or less$510 or less$520 or less$530 or less$570 or less Last minute flights from Manila to San Francisco Last minute flight, train and bus deals These last-minute flight deals are the cheapest flights found on KAYAK in the last 72 hours for flights from Manila to San Francisco that are departing in the next 10 days. 12/4Mon multi-stopAsiana Airlines 30h 10mMNL-SFO 1/20Sat multi-stopAsiana Airlines 19h 05mSFO-MNL $789 Search 12/2Sat multi-stopCathay Pacific 21h 30mMNL-SFO 12/2Sat multi-stopCathay Pacific 25h 00mSFO-MNL $808 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopUnited Airlines 21h 54mMNL-SFO 1/22Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 20h 15mSFO-MNL $842 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopUnited Airlines 23h 39mMNL-SFO 3/7Thu nonstopUnited Airlines 15h 15mSFO-MNL $849 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopEVA Air 19h 00mMNL-SFO 3/21Thu multi-stopEVA Air 26h 10mSFO-MNL $908 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopEVA Air 27h 50mMNL-SFO 3/8Fri multi-stopEVA Air 18h 30mSFO-MNL $951 Search 12/5Tue multi-stopJapan Airlines 26h 30mMNL-SFO 1/17Wed multi-stopJapan Airlines 24h 50mSFO-MNL $1,002 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopJapan Airlines 26h 30mMNL-SFO 3/8Fri multi-stopJapan Airlines 22h 00mSFO-MNL $1,004 Search 12/3Sun multi-stopChina Airlines 23h 55mMNL-SFO 3/2Sat multi-stopChina Airlines 17h 35mSFO-MNL $1,034 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopChina Airlines 36h 00mMNL-SFO 3/7Thu multi-stopChina Airlines 25h 00mSFO-MNL $1,045 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineAsiana AirlinesCathay PacificUnited AirlinesEVA AirJapan AirlinesChina Airlines Search by price$810 or less$850 or less$950 or less$1,000 or less$1,050 or less Manila - San Francisco Flights Departure: Manila (MNL)Philippines Destination: San Francisco (SFO)United States Return flight deals: San Francisco - Manila Cabin classes: First Class flights to San Francisco $2,154 Business Class flights to San Francisco Prem Econ Class flights to San Francisco $503 Economy Class flights to San Francisco Browse origins: Flights » Worldwide » Asia » Philippines » Manila $752Flights from Manila to San Francisco Browse destinations: Flights » United States » California » San Francisco $752Flights to San Francisco, San Francisco Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Phoenix Flights to Tampa Flights to Dallas Flights to Honolulu Flights to Houston Flights to San Diego Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search San Francisco flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to San Francisco from Manila. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to San Francisco from Manila. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.