Cheap Flights from Atlanta to Florida from $25 - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Packages Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Find cheap flights from Atlanta to Florida from $25 This is the cheapest one-way flight price found by a KAYAK user in the last 72 hours by searching for a flight departing on 12/8. Fares are subject to change and may not be available on all flights or dates of travel. Click the price to replicate the search for this deal. Round-trip 1 adult Economy 0 bags Direct flights only Add hotel Sat 12/30 Sat 1/6 Search In the last 7 days travellers have searched 44,312,419 times on KAYAK, and here is why: Save 21% or moreCompare multiple travel sites with one search. Track pricesNot ready to book? Create a price alert for when prices drop. Filter your dealsChoose cabin class, free Wi-Fi and more. Bundle and saveSave money when you bundle your flight + hotel. Search hundreds of travel sites at once for deals on flights to Florida ...and more Latest Florida Flight Deals Best round-trip prices found by our users on KAYAK in the last 72 hours One-wayRound-trip MOST POPULAROrlando From Atlanta Nonstop from $38 Search Flights Miami From Atlanta Nonstop from $38 Search Flights Fort Lauderdale From Atlanta Nonstop from $33 Search Flights Tampa From Atlanta Nonstop from $36 Search Flights Fort Myers From Atlanta Nonstop from $60 Search Flights Jacksonville From Atlanta 1 stop from $147 Search Flights Good to know Low season January High season March Cheapest flight $25 Best time to beat the crowds with an average 8% drop in price. Most popular time to fly with an average 10% increase in price. Flight from Atlanta to Tampa FAQs - booking Florida flights How does KAYAK find such low prices on flights from Atlanta to Florida? KAYAK is a travel search engine. That means we look across the web to find the best prices we can find for our users. With over 2 billion flight queries processed yearly, we are able to display a variety of prices and options on flights from Atlanta to Florida. How does KAYAK's flight Price Forecast tool help me choose the right time to buy my flight ticket from Atlanta to Florida? KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Florida from Atlanta is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now. What is the Hacker Fare option on flights from Atlanta to Florida? Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Florida with an airline and back to Atlanta with another airline. What is KAYAK's "flexible dates" feature and why should I care when looking for a flight from Atlanta to Florida? Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Florida from Atlanta up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best. See more FAQs Top tips for finding cheap flights to Florida Looking for a cheap flight? 25% of our users found tickets from Atlanta to the following destinations at these prices or less: Fort Lauderdale $57 one-way - $90 round-trip; Orlando $38 one-way - $70 round-trip; Miami $55 one-way - $133 round-trip Book at least 1 week before departure in order to get a below-average price. High season is considered to be March and April. The cheapest month to fly from Atlanta is September. Morning departure is around 3% more expensive than an evening flight, on average*. See more tips*Average of the lowest prices shown in KAYAK’s search results for departures within the next 30 days Top 5 airlines serving from Atlanta to FloridaNeed help choosing which airline to fly with from Atlanta to Florida? KAYAK airline reviews give an overall score for each airline based on loads of factors, including comfort, boarding, in-flight entertainment and more, to make your decision easier. See airline scores according to KAYAK reviews. 8.2 Qatar AirwaysOverall score based on 11264 reviews 86crew 83overall 83boarding 82entertainment 80food 82comfort Airline reviews Pros: "The seat was ok... not too narrow neither too wide. All crews were awesone" Cons: "Plz improve the foods and entertainments"Read more about Qatar Airways Pros: "The seat was ok... not too narrow neither too wide. All crews were awesone" Cons: "Plz improve the foods and entertainments" Pros: "Nothing really, seats were to close to each other and it was a painful flight for 20 hrs" Cons: "Leg-space between seats specifically when the person in front of you reclines" Cons: "If they had gate number on bording pass from Doha to ahmedabad." Pros: "Crew was nice. Seat was broken for recliner." Cons: "Having parents with infants board with or after those needing assistance. It was an inconvenience having a fussy infant wait in a long line. We had bassinet seats so boarding first would not have slowed the seating process." Pros: "The comfort of the plane" Cons: "The staff at Atlanta International Airport were terrible; not customer friendly. The supervisor at the check-in counter needs to be replaced. I am not one of your frequent flyers but travel internationally. However, based on his attitude I will think twice to select Qatar as my choice of airlines." Pros: "Crew was amazing and food was Delicious as compare to other airlines." Cons: "There should be add more variety for toddler food/breakfast.As they served the same food which is for adult. Most of the time we saw Babies were not eaten the spice food....some cookies,cake,pastries etc should also be there as secondary option for choosy toddler." Pros: "Cabin crew attentive, cabin quiet, seats comfortable, rest rooms clean." Cons: "Hot food was luke warm, portions skimpy." Pros: "Friendly service with smile." Cons: "Weight restrictions for carry on. I had a computer backpack along with a carry on bag which I have always taken with me on other airlines but it was not so here without paying extra charge for it." Pros: "Best airline I’ve ever flown. A lot more space and amenities for a great price. Boarding was easier and faster than any other airline I’ve ever taken" Cons: "Wish there were a bit more movie selections but only because it was such a long flight" Pros: "We felt home every thing was comfortable from A to Z- unforgettable trip" Cons: "None" Cons: "The flight was delayed because one or more of the crew were late. I would suggest that when you board a large flight, start from the rear of the plane, not the front. Having to go past everyone to get to your seat is time consuming and somewhat stressful. The food was super gross. The so called beef bulgogi was not appetizing at all. For breakfast, the food was disgusting." Pros: "On a quick 40 minute flight they still managed to serve coffee, water and snacks." Cons: "Seats are terrible - need replacing-worn out; say like Queen Latina, setting on top of one another; absolutely no leg room!" Pros: "We actually did not fly this route. We bought a car and drove home!" Pros: "The short duration of the flight and punctual arrival. Better seating with more leg space in Airbus than in the horrible Boeing 467- 400." Cons: "No headsets distributed so I couldn't listen to film program. Crew rather impersonal. I'm dreaming of an airline that uses functioni g loudspeakers during boarding. Nobody understands acoustically which zone is being boarded ( not only a Delta issue)." Pros: "Got me there Safely" Cons: "Couldn’t understand announcements... at all! By flight attendant or pilot" Cons: "There was no food or entertainment. There was a problem with the seat of the person in front of me. He couldn't keep his seat straight and his head was in my lap throughout the flight." Pros: "Great crew" Cons: "Wi-Fi not working or hard to get to work. Flight was delayed by an hour and service was very rushed." Cons: "The flight was delayed 75 min because the plane wouldnt start. A differernt aircraft was needed to resume ops." Cons: "No food, just snacks and no place close to the gate to eat." Pros: "ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!" Cons: "At 12:40 p.m. we boarded American Airlines flight 1350 in ATL, just to SIT on plane for 1 1/2 hours (half the time with NO AIR). Computer problems. Had to get off plane, then had to wait in 3 lines. Agents were so UNPROFESSIONAL! Kept saying flight would go... DID NOT go until another plane came in at 9:00 PM! We, needless to say missed our connecting flight to SYDNEY and had to wait til next day and fly to SAN FRANCISCO, then to MELBOURNE, then on to Christchurch. We MISSED out on TWO DAYS of our short trip! which included missed reservations!!" Pros: "I had someone waiting on me at the gate to escort me to the plane! Great service!" Cons: "I called the American 1-800 number and was initially greeted with the worst customer service I’ve experienced. I wish i knew her name. I hung up and called back and was helped so well by Anna." Pros: "the crew was very friendlily and the flight was great and confortable." Cons: "none" Pros: "Nothing!" Cons: "The spacing between rows, the aisle and size of seats were terrible. I will go back flying British Airways and Lufthansa!!!!!" Pros: "The airplane was modern, clean and comfortable and the flight was on time" Cons: "Everything was good" Pros: "On-board staff were professional and kept everything running smoothly and with great communication from the pilot." Cons: "Claiming baggage at LaGuardia was an hours-long process for everyone on the flight leading to raised tension and lots of tired folks on what was already a late (and delayed flight)." Pros: "VEry good Cabin crew and the plane was reasonable new" Pros: "The flight was good crew members was nice and professional." Pros: "The flight attendants were nice and helpful" Cons: "First of all flight was delayed an hour and a half.. Then I went to get something to eat to kill time just to find out they switched the gate causing me to have to run all the way to the new gate then they close the door as I was walking up and told me I missed my flight even though the plane was still there for another 15 minutes.. so I had to fly standby on the next flight which was another hour and a half later.. I arrived at the airport at 12:30 and didn't end up catching a flight until 7:45 p.m.... oh and I forgot to mention that I originally paid for an upgrade for priority seating with more legroom that I never received because they put me on the very last seat that you can't even replying because there is a wall behind you.. SMH" Pros: "food" Cons: "My flight was overbooked. I almost didn't make it home." Pros: "On time" Cons: "Extremely high charge for carry-on baggage, extremely high charge for changing flight times, no beverage service, seats are very small with no iPhone charger available." Pros: "Price on the flight to ket" Cons: "Sits are really uncomfortable, staff wasn't courteous and boarding process was a mess" Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "Being trapped in the plane over 2 hours only to find out the flight was delayed close to 4 hours. Eventually booked a flight for the next day that cost twice the amount of round trip." Pros: "on this leg of the flight, after changing planes, there was one little flight attendant who actually engaged guests and smiled a genuine smile." Pros: "Nothing" Cons: "When flying frontier you know you're flying frontier for a low price certainly not the experience. My flight to my destination was fine ( no frills but fine) . My flight back home was Cancelled due to an airport issue ( not frontier's fault) however their overseas " reschedule flight line" provided little to no help to get me home. They simply did not have the training or care to help their customers to get home. Their sentiment was " so your flight was cancelled what do you want us to do about it? That's your issue Sir" Very poor experience!" Pros: "Fast boarding" Cons: "Pilot didn't show and he airline gave poor reasons why." Cons: "There were no snacks, not one drink was free, and the seats did not even recline. I will not be purchasing any further trips with Frontier no matter the price." Pros: "Price of flight" Cons: "Freezing cold, food selections, price of food for quantity you get, no blankets, leg space horrible, charging for upgraded leg room seats when seats were open, only giving ppl 30 seconds to move to a an empty free seat at no chrg, plane was not clean at all in bathrooms-disgusting: walls filthy, counters dirty and grimy, door & floors filthy, soap dispenser unsanitary, crew comments|conversations about travelers, should start boarding from the bk of the plane forward" Cons: "EVERYTHING is an add on!!! Ticket price might be cheaper when you price check ....but by time you add on all the add ons your ticket price is NOT the best price. Won't fly Frontier again." Pros: "Not much" Cons: "Plane was delayed two hours, then we sat on the plane for another hour all for a one hour flight. There were maintenance issues and things done wrong on the plane. There was no incentive or even snack to help the customers get through the three hours." Cons: "Spirit Airlines is the absolute worst airline to fly on. The planes are old and uncomfortable. The flight was not on time and they charge you for snacks and drinks which should be standard." Cons: "Heartless, inconsiderate, rude people from start to finish. Will never fly with Spirit again." Pros: "It had some space" Cons: "I did not like Paying $47 for a little tiny carry on" Pros: "Flight was clean, not crowded, seats were comfortable. Flight was on time." Cons: "Nothing" Pros: "I don't like that even water is to be purchased." Pros: "At one time I excused the consistent lack of customer service. I overlooked feeling simply like a number, for price but I was sadly wrong. Worse customer service on the planet..." Cons: "I arrived at 5:40 stood in line not knowing more check in machines one the other side of where the customers stood. (Had the agent focus on us instead of being on the phone). Had check in on the drive there got there and was told I need two check in prior to 40 min of my flight. I said mam it's 5 min after if You try help me I'll make it. She sent me to another line, then they sent me to another line so he could say no refunds I should have read the fine print..... KICKER TO ALL THIS I MISS MY AUNTS FUNERAL AND THAT FLIGHT WAS DELAYED ONE HOUR... if they had pretended to do some customer service I'd have made my flight and her funeral." Cons: "Charge too much for every little thing (bags). No communication at all from spirit. No confirmation of flight, no check-in, no time updates. I'm the end, there was no gate communication for why the flight is delayed and no one to discuss when the flight would get there and leave besides what was on the board. There was no email, text, call, or board update to indicate the plane would leave more than half an hour before the board listed time. Customer service had a nasty attitude and didn't care at all about our loss. Poor all around and will NEVER fly spirit again nor will I speak good of them in any manner" Pros: "Customer service" Cons: "Chair no comfort, plane sells like old gym socks. Too crowded. Pay for everything. Upgrade plane please" Pros: "Great crew and helpful people at the check-in, etc. My bags were ready for me during the interim time of the original flight and its rescheduled time." Cons: "Weather problems first delayed the flight a couple of times and after a long long period of waiting in the airport it was cancelled. No control over the weather. However- with a only single Spirit representative person at at the counter helping all the others similarly affected- I waited about 2 hours in a very long line to have my flight rescheduled for 30 hours later. She was very professional. So, there was not enough staff to handle the problem and there were not enough planes or other flight options to handle the problem in a timely fashion. A 2 and 1/2 flight took me about 30 hours. Spirit works when it works... great for short flights, ususally! But it sure did not work for me this time and I will never fly Spirit if there is any time constraints or I can see any potential problems with getting to where I need to be in a timely and comfortable fashion." Pros: "Absolutely NOTHING" Cons: "They were deceitful about baggage allowed so I ended up paying an extra $150 t only to find out I didn't need to pay for 2 bags and could not get a refund. The counter people were worthless, rude and could care less about anything. The flight was 2+ hours late because crew members were late. I will never fly Spirit again" Qatar Airways8.2 Delta7.9 American Airlines7.2 Frontier5.7 Spirit Airlines5.6 Book cheap flights from Atlanta to Florida Recent one-way flight deals 12/8Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 26mATL-TPA $25 Search 3/2Sat nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 30mATL-MCO $25 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 35mATL-TPA $26 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 53mATL-FLL $29 Search 1/1Mon nonstopAmerican Airlines 1h 57mATL-MIA $69 Search 1/24Wed nonstopDelta 1h 38mATL-RSW $80 Search 1/30Tue nonstopDelta 1h 26mATL-TPA $87 Search 12/16Sat 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 20mATL-PBI $115 Search 12/29Fri 1 stopUnited Airlines 8h 32mATL-MIA $130 Search 5/15Wed 2 stopsUnited Airlines 8h 32mATL-FLL $159 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$30 or less$30 or less$80 or less$120 or less$160 or less Recent round-trip flight deals 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 53mATL-FLL 12/14Thu nonstopFrontier 1h 58mFLL-ATL $38 Search 12/12Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 59mATL-MIA 12/14Thu nonstopFrontier 2h 12mMIA-ATL $38 Search 12/14Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 57mATL-FLL 12/15Fri nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 55mFLL-ATL $39 Search 2/1Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 27mATL-TPA 2/5Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 37mTPA-ATL $39 Search 4/25Thu nonstopDelta 1h 50mATL-FLL 4/29Mon nonstopDelta 2h 01mFLL-ATL $138 Search 1/16Tue nonstopDelta 1h 40mATL-RSW 1/20Sat nonstopDelta 1h 51mRSW-ATL $160 Search 2/1Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 6h 15mATL-RSW 2/4Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 05mRSW-ATL $172 Search 1/11Thu 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 16mATL-PBI 1/14Sun 1 stopAmerican Airlines 4h 42mPBI-ATL $174 Search 1/9Tue 2 stopsUnited Airlines 13h 57mATL-RSW 1/13Sat 1 stopUnited Airlines 11h 08mRSW-ATL $418 Search 1/18Thu 2 stopsUnited Airlines 9h 12mATL-RSW 1/22Mon 2 stopsUnited Airlines 13h 39mRSW-ATL $434 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineFrontierSpirit AirlinesDeltaAmerican AirlinesUnited Airlines Search by price$40 or less$40 or less$160 or less$170 or less$430 or less Last minute flights from Atlanta to Florida Last minute flight, train and bus deals 12/5Tue nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 57mATL-FLL 12/7Thu nonstopSpirit Airlines 2h 06mFLL-ATL $41 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 1h 53mATL-FLL 12/6Wed nonstopFrontier 1h 58mFLL-ATL $48 Search 12/5Tue nonstopFrontier 2h 00mATL-MIA 12/13Wed nonstopFrontier 2h 12mMIA-ATL $48 Search 12/4Mon nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 26mATL-TPA 12/6Wed nonstopSpirit Airlines 1h 41mTPA-ATL $49 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 5h 54mATL-TPA 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 3h 46mTPA-ATL $381 Search 12/4Mon multi-stopAmerican Airlines 3h 55mATL-TPA 12/6Wed multi-stopAmerican Airlines 9h 09mTPA-ATL $386 Search 12/2Sat nonstopDelta 1h 13mATL-PNS 1/4Thu nonstopDelta 1h 17mPNS-ATL $418 Search 12/3Sun nonstopDelta 1h 27mATL-TPA 12/9Sat nonstopDelta 1h 45mTPA-ATL $450 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 10h 20mATL-EYW 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 54mEYW-ATL $643 Search 12/1Fri multi-stopUnited Airlines 8h 01mATL-MCO 12/6Wed multi-stopUnited Airlines 6h 19mMCO-ATL $750 Search Show more results Search by stopsNonstop1 stop2+ stops Search by airlineSpirit AirlinesFrontierAmerican AirlinesDeltaUnited Airlines Search by price$50 or less$50 or less$390 or less$450 or less$750 or less Atlanta - Florida Flights Departure: Atlanta (ATL)United States Return flight deals: Florida - Atlanta Cabin classes: $372 First Class flights to Florida $735 Business Class flights to Florida $353 Prem Econ Class flights to Florida $38 Economy Class flights to Florida Browse origins: Flights » United States » Georgia » Atlanta $35Flights from Atlanta to Florida Browse destinations: Flights » Worldwide » North America » United States » Florida $35Flights to Boca Raton, Florida $38Flights to Bradenton, Florida $60Flights to Cape Coral, Florida $38Flights to Clearwater Beach, Florida $38Flights to Clearwater, Florida $238Flights to Daytona Beach, Florida $35Flights to Delray Beach, Florida $35Flights to Florida Keys, Florida $35Flights to Fort Lauderdale, Florida $60Flights to Fort Myers Beach, Florida $60Flights to Fort Myers, Florida $240Flights to Gainesville, Florida $35Flights to Islamorada, Florida $147Flights to Jacksonville, Florida $35Flights to Key Largo, Florida $266Flights to Key West, Florida $35Flights to Marco Island, Florida $278Flights to Melbourne, Florida, Florida $35Flights to Miami Beach, Florida $35Flights to Miami, Florida $41Flights to Orlando, Florida $238Flights to Panama City Beach, Florida $238Flights to Panama City, Florida, Florida $101Flights to Pensacola Beach, Florida $101Flights to Pensacola, Florida $35Flights to Pompano Beach, Florida $35Flights to Port St. Lucie, Florida $238Flights to Rosemary Beach, Florida $146Flights to Sarasota, Florida $278Flights to Tallahassee, Florida $290Flights to Tampa, Florida $38Flights to Tampa, Florida $237Flights to Valparaiso, Florida, Florida $127Flights to West Palm Beach, Florida View more Flights Flights to New York Flights to Los Angeles Flights to Las Vegas Flights to Orlando Flights to Chicago Flights to Miami Flights to London Flights to Denver Flights to San Francisco Flights to Fort Lauderdale Flights to Washington, D.C. Flights to Seattle Flights to Boston Flights to Atlanta Flights to Paris Flights to India Flights to United States Flights to Europe Flights to Japan Flights to Hawaii Flights to Florida Flights to Dallas Flights to Houston Flights to Phoenix Flights to Salt Lake City Flights to Honolulu Flights to Philadelphia Site Site United States Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search Florida flights on KAYAK. Find cheap tickets to anywhere in Florida from Atlanta. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap airfare and book the flight that suits you best. With KAYAK you can also compare prices of plane tickets for last minute flights to anywhere in Florida from Atlanta. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.